


Klaus Kleinfeld - Wikipedia





















 






Klaus Kleinfeld

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Klaus Kleinfeld





Born
Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld
(1957-11-06) 6 November 1957 (age 59)
Bremen, Germany


Nationality
German[1]


Citizenship
American


Alma mater
Diplom, Business Administration, University of Goettingen,
Göttingen, Germany
Ph.D., Strategic Management
University of Wuerzburg
Würzburg, Germany


Occupation
Ex-Chairman and CEO of Arconic


Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld (born 6 November 1957) was chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of Arconic. Kleinfeld is former chairman and CEO of Alcoa Inc., and former president and CEO of Siemens AG.[1][2][3] Kleinfeld stepped down as chairman and CEO of Arconic on 17 April 2017.[4]
In August 2007, Kleinfeld was appointed COO of New York, NY-based Alcoa Inc.[5] In May 2008, Kleinfeld was appointed CEO of Alcoa, succeeding Alain Belda. In April 2010, Kleinfeld was named chairman of Alcoa and continued to serve as CEO and Chairman of the Board until his resignation in April 2017.[1][6]
Since becoming Alcoa's CEO, Kleinfeld has implemented a transformation strategy to reduce the company's reliance on commodities, transforming it into a global leader in lightweight metals and increasing its reputation for manufacturing innovation.[7] On 28 September 2015, Alcoa completed its transformation with an announcement that it would split into two publicly traded companies the following year – one comprising Alcoa’s upstream businesses, and another comprising the Company’s value-add mid- and downstream businesses.[8] Kleinfeld will lead the value-add company as chairman and CEO and serve as chairman of the upstream company.[9] On completion of the split, he will continue to lead the new downstream company and will also serve as chairman of the upstream company during the critical initial phase to ensure a smooth and effective transition.[10]
Kleinfeld served as CEO of Munich, Germany-based Siemens AG from January 2005 until July 2007.[11] Kleinfeld’s efforts to modernize the company led to conflict with defenders of Siemens’ traditional business culture.[12] However, the company’s financial performance flourished.[12][13] Previously, Kleinfeld transformed Siemens Management Consulting into an effective partner for the global businesses.[11] He contributed significantly to the profitable turnaround of Siemens’ regional business in the U.S.[11]
In 2006, a German government investigation uncovered slush funds in secret bank accounts maintained by Siemens in order to win contracts.[13][14] Investigators found no evidence of wrongdoing by Kleinfeld and no charges were brought against him. In 2009, Kleinfeld, along with other former top Siemens executives, agreed to pay Siemens a sum to settle a related civil matter.[14][15][16] In June 2007, Kleinfeld left Siemens, citing uncertainty about his future with the company after divisions among Siemens board members concerning the extension of his contract became public.[17][18][19]
Kleinfeld started his career in 1982 by joining a specialized marketing consulting firm where he worked with clients such as Siemens, Henkel, Citibank, EFFEN, and various industry associations.[20]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 Siemens AG

2.1.1 Bribery investigation


2.2 Alcoa

2.2.1 STEM education initiatives


2.3 Arconic

2.3.1 Resignation from Arconic


2.4 Boards


3 Awards and recognition
4 Personal life
5 Publications
6 References
7 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld was born on 6 November 1957 in Bremen, Germany. He earned a business degree from Georg August University in Göttingen, Germany and a Ph.D. in management from the University of Würzburg in Würzburg, Germany.[20]
Career[edit]
In 1982, Kleinfeld began his career as a marketing consultant.[6] In 1986, he joined Ciba-Geigy, a multinational pharmaceutical company based in Basel, Switzerland, where he was a product manager in the company’s Pharmaceutical Division.[21]
Siemens AG[edit]
In 1987, Kleinfeld joined Munich-based Siemens AG, a global engineering and technology services firm based in the U.S. and Germany.[12] His first position was in the company’s Corporate Sales and Marketing unit, where he worked as a marketing research manager.[22] In 1990, he founded and led Siemens Management Consulting, an internal global partner for Siemens’ businesses that played a major role in the restructuring of many Siemens’ business units around the world and provided a foundation for Kleinfeld’s future operational and portfolio actions at Alcoa.[23]
In January 2001, Kleinfeld was promoted to chief operating officer (COO) of Siemens USA.[24] The recession in the U.S. had adversely impacted profits and Kleinfeld conceived a radical strategy to improve the performance of Siemens' operating companies. He also sought to fix, sell or close operations of recently acquired companies and create new cross-selling opportunities. Unprofitable operations were reduced from 24 to 8 and other cost-cutting measures saved an estimated $100 million.[25] From January 2005 to June 2007, Kleinfeld served as CEO of Siemens USA.[26]
In January 2004, Kleinfeld was appointed to Siemens’ Corporate Executive Committee. Also in 2004, Kleinfeld was appointed Vice President of Siemens AG.[27]
In 2004, Kleinfeld undertook instituting the customer- and shareholder-focused corporate culture, pressuring German unions to loosen labor rules and extending the German workweek from 35 to 40 hours with no additional pay.[12] Kleinfeld said that German workers “have to adjust and understand what the world is like” to remain competitive.[1][28][29] In just over two years, sales rose 16 percent, profits increased 35 percent, and shares soared 40 percent.[12][13] In January 2005 he was named CEO, succeeding Heinrich von Pierer.[30]
Kleinfeld’s plan to modernize the company led to conflict with defenders of Siemens’ traditional business culture.[12][31] Because of the traditional two-tier German governance structure, a supervisory board that included union and shareholder representatives balked at Kleinfeld's restructuring plans.[13][32] While his strategies were generally viewed positively by the worldwide financial press, Kleinfeld was criticized by German media, mostly for a perceived lack of social responsibility pertaining to Siemens workers.[33]
Under Kleinfeld’s leadership, the Siemens’ financially stricken mobile handset business was sold to Taiwan's BenQ in June 2005.[33] The division’s German subsidiary, BenQ Mobile GmbH & Co. OHG, declared bankruptcy about one year later when the Taiwanese parent enterprise stopped all funding, resulting in extensive redundancies.[34] This led to speculation in the German media that Siemens had off-loaded the division to avoid dealing with the fallout of its imminent demise.[31] At about the same time, Siemens' Supervisory Board increased the salary of the Siemens Managing Board by 30%.[35] In an attempt to limit damage over negative publicity, the board pledged their pay rises to a relief fund set up by Siemens to aid workers affected by the handset sale.[31][33] Prior to his role as CEO, Kleinfeld transformed Siemens Management Consulting into an effective partner for the global businesses and he contributed significantly to the profitable turnaround of Siemens’ regional business in the U.S. By April 2007, all Siemens Groups reached or exceeded target margins for the first time.[11]
Bribery investigation[edit]
In November 2006, a fraud investigation by the German government became public.[36] The investigation later found that Siemens maintained slush funds in secret bank accounts outside Germany that the company used to win contracts.[13][14][37] Once the investigation became public, Kleinfeld hired outside legal and auditing experts to conduct an independent investigation and revamp the company’s internal accounting and control practices and eliminate potential improper practices.[38] The independent investigation later found that the company paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bribes, which were legal in Germany until 1999, but that there were “no indications of personal misconduct or that Kleinfeld had any knowledge of events” related to the scandal.[39] Corruption charges were brought against Siemens by the SEC.[40] Kleinfeld and other former Siemens executives and board members were accused of “failing to prevent corruption".[41] No charges were brought against Kleinfeld and the Department of Justice cited Siemens’ cooperation and the independent investigation initiated by Kleinfeld as factors for reducing Siemens’ monetary penalty.[42]
In June 2007, Kleinfeld left Siemens, citing uncertainty about his future with the company after divisions among Siemens board members concerning the extension of his contract became public.[17][18][19] In September 2009, Siemens threatened to sue Kleinfeld and other former executives for supervisory failings and extended a settlement offer to compensate the company for millions of dollars in fines and damage to its “reputation."[43][44] Kleinfeld agreed to settle the matter for 2 million euros.[15][41]
Alcoa[edit]
In 2003, Kleinfeld became a member of Alcoa’s Board of Directors.[1] In August 2007, Alcoa appointed Kleinfeld president and chief operating officer.[45] In May 2008, he was named CEO, succeeding Alain J. P. Belda.[6][46] By the end of 2008, the world was experiencing the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression and the aluminum industry suffered a dramatic downturn. In April 2008, Alcoa reported that first-quarter profits fell more than 50% compared to the same period a year earlier.[20][46][47] In 2009, Alcoa stock, which hit a peak share price of $47 in July 2007, slumped to below $5.50 per share. Kleinfeld instituted a turnaround program that focused on strengthening cash flow and adding new responsibilities to senior leaders’ roles.[48]
In late 2009, Alcoa formed a joint venture with the Saudi Arabian Mining Company, Ma’aden, to build the lowest-cost aluminum facility in the world.[49][50] Toward the end of 2010, Alcoa’s stock rebounded to $15 per share.[20] In April 2010, Kleinfeld was named chairman of Alcoa.[1][6]
In 2012, Kleinfeld began closing a number of costly, outdated smelting facilities.[51] In 2013, Kleinfeld predicted continuing strong sales growth for Alcoa, citing a backlog in aerospace manufacturing and an increasing demand for lightweight aluminum products in the automotive and construction industries because of a “historic shift” toward fuel and energy efficiency.[52]
Kleinfeld has striven to reshape Alcoa from an aluminum-only company to a diversified lightweight multi-materials technology, engineering and manufacturing company and he directed the acquisition of three companies to position Alcoa to the aerospace business.[49][53][54] In November 2014, Alcoa completed a $2.85 billion acquisition of jet engine components manufacturer Firth Rixson.[55] In March 2015, the company acquired German titanium and aluminum castings supplier Tital.[56] Also in March 2015, Alcoa announced a $1.5 billion acquisition of global titanium supplier RTI International Metals.[53] Alcoa has also developed new markets for aluminum, such as the aluminum skin of Samsung Galaxy phones and stronger, more fuel-efficient aluminum truck wheels.[54]
Kleinfeld has implemented a transformation strategy to reduce the company's reliance on commodities, transforming it into a global leader in lightweight metals and increasing its reputation for manufacturing innovation.[7] On 28 September 2015, Alcoa completed its transformation with an announcement that it would split into two publicly traded companies the following year – a spin-off called Alcoa Corp., and another comprising the renamed Alcoa Inc., Arconic, which would hold onto Alcoa Inc.'s value-add mid- and downstream businesses.[8] Kleinfeld remained as Arconic's chairman and CEO following the split. Kleinfeld initially proposed to serve as chairman of the upstream company during the critical initial phase to ensure a smooth and effective transition.[10] However, the proposal to serve as chairman of the new upstream company was rejected by the board and Kleinfeld has no affiliation with the new company.
STEM education initiatives[edit]
Under Kleinfeld’s direction, Alcoa has supported STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) workforce development initiatives to train and educate students and teachers globally.[57] A July 2012 op-ed piece co-authored by Kleinfeld and Richard Haass, president of the Council on Foreign Relations, proposed closer business and government collaboration to narrow the STEM skills gap between the labor market and manufacturers.[58] In September 2013, President Obama appointed Kleinfeld to the President’s Advanced Manufacturing Partnership Steering Committee 2.0 for Alcoa’s continuing efforts to maintain U.S. leadership in emerging technologies.[59]
Arconic[edit]
On 1 November 2016, Alcoa separated its raw aluminum operation from business units that supply the aerospace and automotive markets.[60] The renamed Alcoa Inc., Arconic (ARNC), produces finished parts for the automotive and aerospace industries.[61] The spin-off retained is a newly created company Alcoa Corp., that retains the Alcoa name. Alcoa Corp. holds onto the raw aluminum operations. The split was announced in September 2015.[60] Kleinfeld serves as chairman and CEO of Arconic.[62]
Resignation from Arconic[edit]
On 31 January 2017, the hedge fund Elliott Management Corporation launched a proxy contest against the company. Elliott publicly called for the firing of Kleinfeld, citing the company’s lackluster stock performance, missed profit forecasts, and inefficient spending.[63] On 17 April 2017, Kleinfeld resigned as chairman and CEO by mutual agreement with the board of Arconic, after sending an unauthorized letter to Elliott.[64]
Boards[edit]
He is a member of the Bilderberg Group Steering Committee,[65] the Brookings Institution Board of Trustees,[66] the Foundation Board of the World Economic Forum,[67] the Board of the World Economic Forum USA,[67] and the Metropolitan Opera Advisory Board.[68] In 2009, Kleinfeld was named Chairman of the Board of the U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC), which promotes trade and investment between the U.S. and Russia.[69] In 2013, Kleinfeld joined the U.S.-China Business Council Board of Directors and is a member of the Chinese Premier’s Global CEO Advisory Council.[70] Previously, Kleinfeld served on the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG from 2005 to 2014, was a director of Citigroup Inc. from 2005 to 2007, and served as a member of the Managing Board of Siemens AG from 2004 to 2007.[71] Mr. Kleinfeld also served on the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley and Hewlett Packard Enterprise until April 2017.[72][73]
Awards and recognition[edit]
In December 2014, Kleinfeld received a Legend in Leadership Award from the Yale Chief Executive Leadership Institute.[74] Also in December 2014, Kleinfeld received a Dwight D. Eisenhower Global Leadership Award from the Business Council for International Understanding.[75][76] In May 2014, Kleinfeld was named CEO of the Year at the 2014 Platts Global Metals Awards.[77][78]
Personal life[edit]
Kleinfeld resides in New York with his wife, Birgit, and two children.[1][21]
Publications[edit]

Corporate Identity und strategische Unternehmensführung, Akademie-Verlag München 1994, ISBN 3-929115-16-6

References[edit]

^ a b c d e f g "Klaus Kleinfeld". Alcoa. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Meet Klaus Kleinfeld". Reuters. Retrieved 8 April 2013. 
^ "Alcoa Inc.". Bloomberg. 
^ "Arconic CEO Exits After ‘Poor Judgment’". Bloomberg. Retrieved 18 April 2017. 
^ Alcoa: News: News Releases: Klaus Kleinfeld Elected Alcoa President and Chief Operating Officer
^ a b c d "Executive Profile: Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld Ph.D.". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b Goldwyn Blumenthal, Robin. "Alcoa’s CEO Is Remaking the Industrial Giant". Barron's. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ a b Dow Jones Business News. "Alcoa to Split as Aluminum Glut Pressures Prices". CNBC. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ John W. Miller; Chelsey Dulaney. "Alcoa to Split as Aluminum Glut Pressures Prices". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ a b Sonja Elmquist; Joe Deaux. "Alcoa to Split in Two as CEO Kleinfeld’s Strategy Takes Hold". Washington Post. Retrieved 29 September 2015. 
^ a b c d "Chairmen of the Managing Board, Siemens AG". Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f DK Publishing (2009). 1000 CEOs. Penguin. ISBN 9780756661243. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Tricker, Bob (2009). Essentials for Board Directors: An A to Z Guide. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 9781576603543. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c Sak Onkvisit, John Shaw (2009). International Marketing: Strategy and Theory. Routledge. ISBN 9781135275471. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b Nicholson, Chris V. "Siemens to Collect Damages From Former Chiefs in Bribery Scandal". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Conklin, David W. (2010). The Global Environment of Business: New Paradigms for International Management. SAGE. ISBN 9781412950282. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Alcoa Hires Former Head of Siemens, and Expects Him to Succeed Its Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Siemens' Kleinfeld to step down as CEO". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Kleinfeld Throws in the Towel: Siemens CEO Undermined by Board". Spiegel. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d "Profile: Klaus Kleinfeld". European CEO. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b Cox, James. "CEO of U.S. unit made Siemens' profile sing". USA Today. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens' New Boss". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Aluminium Luminaries – Klaus Kleinfeld – Aluminium Insider". Aluminium Insider. 2016-01-21. Retrieved 2017-02-24. 
^ Lucks, Kai (2007). Transatlantic Mergers and Acquisitions. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 9783895786129. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Chairmen of the Managing Board, Siemens AG". www.siemens.com. Retrieved 2017-03-28. 
^ "Siemens Annual Report 2004" (PDF). Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens CEO Klaus Kleinfeld: "Nobody’s Perfect, but a Team Can Be". Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Flynn Vencat, Emily. "The Last Word: Klaus Kleinfeld". Newsweek. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Landler, Mark. "Siemens Chooses Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c The World from Berlin: Siemens Strikes Back - International - SPIEGEL ONLINE - News
^ Gerardo R. Ungson, Yim-Yu Wong (2014). Global Strategic Management. Routledge. ISBN 9781317469735. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c Canibol, Hans-Peter. "Siemens Hit With Bad Publicity. CEO Klaus Kleinfeld takes a few blows.". The Atlantic Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Blau, John. "Bankrupt BenQ Mobile sues parent again". Washington Post. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens feels pressure as staff shareholders plan rebellion at AGM". The Guardian. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "CHRONOLOGY: Twists in Siemens corruption scandal". Reuters. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Matthews, Christopher M. "Siemens Under Investigation For Payments To Russian Company". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Mark Landler, Carter Dougherty. "Scandal at Siemens Tarnishes Promising Results". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Sims, G. Thomas. "Siemens Chief Says He Will Step Down". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "SEC Charges Siemens AG for Engaging in Worldwide Bribery". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b http://news.muckety.com/2009/12/03/klaus-kleinfeld-settles-with-siemens-ag/22601
^ "DOJ Sentencing Memorandum" (PDF). U.S. District Court for the District Of Columbia. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Siemens offers former Managing Board members until mid of November 2009 to indicate willingness to settle corruption damages
^ "Germany: Siemens Plans Suit". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Alcoa Hires Former Head of Siemens, and Expects Him to Succeed Its Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b "Alcoa Names Chief Executive". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Kris Maher; Mike Esterl; Joann S. Lublin. "Alcoa Puts Faith in Ex-Siemens CEO". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Hotter, Andrea. "Turnaround Time". American Metal Market. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b "INTERVIEW: The Alcoa turnaround". MetalBulletin. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Saudi Arabian Mining Company Joint Venture". Alcoa. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Miller, John W. "Alcoa to Cut Capacity 12%". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Maria Bartiromo talks to Alcoa's Klaus Kleinfeld". USA Today. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b McGrath, Maggie. "Alcoa Acquiring Titanium Supplier RTI In $1.5 Billion Deal". Forbes. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b Stevenson, Abigail. "Big money about to flow into this stock". CNBC. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ De La Merced, Michael J. "Alcoa Buys Jet Engine Parts Maker Firth Rixson for $2.85 Billion". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Polek, Gregory. "Tital Acquisition to Expand Alcoa’s Aerospace Footprint". Aviation International News. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Today's CEO Leader in STEM: Klaus Kleinfeld of Alcoa". STEM Connector blog. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Column: Lack of skilled employees hurting manufacturing". USA Today. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Obama Taps Alcoa's Klaus Kleinfeld; 3D Printing; China Aluminum Price Up". MetalMiner. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b Stahl, George. "Alcoa’s official demerger gets mixed market reaction". The Australian. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ Whiteman, Lou. "Investors Flock to Alcoa Over Arconic Post-Split". TheStreet. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Arconic. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ BENOIT, DAVID. "AInside the Activist Battle That Felled Arconic’s Klaus Kleinfeld". Wall Street Journal. Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 18 April 2017. 
^ "Arconic CEO Klaus Kleinfeld steps down". The Wall Street Journal. 17 April 2017. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ "Steering Committee". Bilderberg Meetings. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Board of Trustees". Brookings Institution. Archived from the original on 5 July 2014. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b "World Economic Forum Announces New Foundation Board Members". World Economic Forum. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ Board of Directors. "The Metropolitan Opera". Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Steering Committee". U.S.-Russia Business Council. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "China’s Premier Meets Top Business Leaders in Davos". World Economic Forum. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Alcoa. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Kleinfeld to exit Morgan Stanley Board". Wall Street Jourrnal. Retrieved 21 April 2017. 
^ "Ousted Arconic CEO Kleinfeld Resigns From HP Enterprise Board". Wall Street Jourrnal. Retrieved 27 April 2017. 
^ "Yale Chief Executive Leadership Institute to Honor Klaus Kleinfeld, Chairman and CEO of Alcoa, with Legend in Leadership Award". Yale School of Management. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "BCIU Dwight D. Eisenhower Global Awards Gala". Business Council for International Understanding. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "The Business Council for International Understanding to Honor Klaus Kleinfeld, Pelè and Maurice Greenberg as 2014 Dwight D. Eisenhower Awards Recipients". Business Council for International Understanding. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "2014 Platts Global Metals Awards Winners". Platts. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Alcoa Chairman and CEO Klaus Kleinfeld Named Platts CEO of the Year as Company Transformation Accelerates". Alcoa. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 

External links[edit]

Siemens AG official website
Siemens Corporation USA official website
Alcoa official website



Preceded by
Heinrich von Pierer
CEO of Siemens AG
2005 – 2007
Succeeded by
Peter Löscher


Preceded by
Alain Belda
CEO of Alcoa Inc.
2008 – 2016
Succeeded by
Company renamed


Preceded by
New company
CEO of Arconic
2016 – 2017
Succeeded by
David Hess








v
t
e


Siemens



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Energy Sector

Siemens Wind Power


Industry Sector

Siemens Milltronics Process Instruments
Siemens Mobility
Siemens PLM Software


Siemens Financial Services
Siemens Healthineers
Siemens Canada
Siemens Mexico
Siemens Pakistan






Former and defunct




Acuson Corporation1
C. A. Parsons and Company1
Dispolok2
Helios AG2
Infineon Technologies2
Osram2
Roke Manor Research2
Siemens Communications1
Siemens Dematic2
Siemens Home and Office Communication Devices2
Siemens Hearing Instruments2
Siemens IT Solutions and Services2
Siemens Mobile2
Siemens VAI1
Siemens Nixdorf Informationssysteme2
Siemens Plessey2
Siemens VDO2
Wincor Nixdorf2
ROLM1








Joint ventures and
shareholdings





Current




A2SEA (49%)
AREVA NP (34%)
Atos (15%)
German Shanghai Metro Group
Primetals Technologies (49%)
Siemens Saudi Arabia






Former and defunct




BiiN
BSH Bosch and Siemens Home Appliances

Gaggenau
NEFF


Eurotrain
Fujitsu Siemens Computers
Krauss-Maffei
Nokia Siemens Networks (49.9%)
Siemens Matsushita Components
Unify GmbH & Co. KG (49%)








Predecessors



Siemens & Halske
Siemens-Schuckert
Siemens-Reiniger-Werke





Products, services
and projects





Current




FINEX
Locomotives
Multiple units
Siemens Modular Metro
Siemens Inspiro
Software products
Tram vehicles
Mobility projects






Defunct




Elektrische Viktoria
Mobile phones
Simatic S5 PLC
SIMpad








People



Wilfried Feldenkirchen
Joe Kaeser
Karlheinz Kaske
Klaus Kleinfeld
Peter Löscher
Bernhard Plettner
Heinrich von Pierer
Jim Reid-Anderson
Erich Reinhardt
Ernst von Siemens
Carl Friedrich von Siemens
Carl Heinrich von Siemens
Hermann von Siemens
Peter von Siemens
Werner von Siemens
Georg Wilhelm von Siemens
Carl Wilhelm Siemens
Gerd Tacke





Places



Großsiedlung Siemensstadt
Siemens Arena
Siemensstadt





Other



Phoebus cartel
Siemens Competition
Siemens Foundation
Siemens Open
Siemens scandal (Japan, 1914)
Siemens scandal (Greece, 2008)
Werner von Siemens Ring








1Now integrated into other Siemens divisions or business groupings 2Sold


 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Alcoa



Related companies



Alcoa Power Generating Inc.
Alcoa Tenn Federal Credit Union
Alcoa World Alumina and Chemicals
Halco Mining
Howmet Castings
Kawneer
Reynolds Group Holdings





People



Charles Martin Hall
Klaus Kleinfeld





Related articles



Alcoa, Tennessee
Lever House (Alcoa corporate headquarters)
United States v. Alcoa






Template:Arconic



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 74522537
LCCN: n94027910
GND: 113101805










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Klaus_Kleinfeld&oldid=788438195"					
Categories: German chief executivesAmerican people of German descentPeople from BremenLiving peopleMembers of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group1957 birthsSiemens peopleAlcoa peopleArconic peopleChief operating officersHidden categories: Use dmy dates from March 2017Articles with hCardsOfficial website not in WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisNederlandsРусскийSuomiSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 11:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 
















Kleinfeld, Klaus [WorldCat Identities]






Kleinfeld, Klaus 

Overview


Works:
6
                                 works in
                                 12
                                 publications in
                                 2
                                 languages and
                                 86
                                 library holdings
                                 
                              


Genres:
Nonfiction television programs 
                                 Interviews 
                                 Special events television coverage 
                                 Television interviews 
                                 
                              


Roles:
Author


Classifications:
HD59.2,
                                 




Publication Timeline
.


Most widely held works by
                            Klaus Kleinfeld
                        

Das Corporate Identity Konzept unter dem Gesichtspunkt strategischer Unternehmensführung by 
 Klaus Kleinfeld(
                              Book
                              )4
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           1992
                           in 
                           German
                           and held by
                           49 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           

Corporate Identity und strategische Unternehmensführung by 
 Klaus Kleinfeld(
                              Book
                              )4
                           editions published
                           
                           between
                           1992
                           and
                           1994
                           in 
                           German
                           and held by
                           29 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           

Benchmarking : ein Weg zu permanenter Verbesserung : Aufbau einer lernenden Organisation by 
 Klaus Kleinfeld(
                              Book
                              )1
                           edition published
                           
                           in
                           1994
                           in 
                           German
                           and held by
                           5 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           

Benchmarking : Einführung by 
 Klaus Kleinfeld(
                              Book
                              )1
                           edition published
                           
                           in
                           1994
                           in 
                           German
                           and held by
                           1 WorldCat member
                           
                           library
                           
                           worldwide
                           

It isn't your grandpa's manufacturing(
                              Visual
                              )1
                           edition published
                           
                           in
                           2013
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           1 WorldCat member
                           
                           library
                           
                           worldwide
                           American manufacturers know that their future growth will depend on technology and innovation to remain competitive. Requirements
                              of today's manufacturing environment reflect the need for a whole new skill set, from engineering of products to robotics
                              and programming. With affordable access to energy, good transportation options and many educational institutions that can
                              meet the needs of a growing manufacturing sector, Ohio is in an enviable position. As the US economy gains strength, manufacturing
                              is expected to fuel this strength across the country including Ohio. Alcoa is a 125-year-old company and the world's leading
                              producer of primary aluminum and fabricated aluminum, as well as the world's largest miner of bauxite and refiner of alumina.
                              Their products are used in a variety of industries from aerospace to construction and consumer electronics. Alcoa employs
                              61,000 people in 30 countries world-wide including Ohio, in Barberton, Chillicothe and Cleveland. Corporations like ALCOA
                              are promoting STEM learning through partnerships with organizations like Junior Achievement and with technical schools and
                              universities. Alcoa is encouraging employees to share their experiences with students at all levels. Corporate leaders are
                              aware that their competitive edge is reliant on securing a workforce with the right skills

[U.S. Representative Paul Ryan (R-WI) is interviewed by Wall Street Journal Editor and Vice-President Paul Gigot, at the Wall
                                 Street Journal's annual CEO Council conference] by 
 Paul Ryan(
                              Recording
                              )1
                           edition published
                           
                           in
                           2013
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           1 WorldCat member
                           
                           library
                           
                           worldwide
                           Representative Paul Ryan (R-WI) is interviewed by Wall Street Journal Editor and Vice-President Paul Gigot, at the Wall Street
                              Journal's annual CEO Council conference. Ryan speaks about budget negotiations between House and Senate conferees, immigration,
                              deficit reduction and the 2016 presidential race. He says there has been progress during recent 2014 budget talks and says
                              Republicans will not accept closing tax loopholes as part of the deal. Ryan says there is no way to pass immigration reform
                              through the House. He says he has made no decisions about running for President in 2016. Ryan answers questions from the audience
 


Audience Level


0





1


 
Kids
General
Special
 


                           Audience level: 
                           0.88
                           (from
                           0.50
                              for
                              It isn't y
                           ... to
                           0.97
                              for
                              Benchmarki
                                 ...)
                                 

Related Identities
                        

Aluminum Company of America  
Lesser, Rich  
Columbus Metropolitan Club (Ohio)  
Winkenwerder, William  
Marshall, Colleen  
Gigot, Paul  Interviewer 
Ryan, Paul 1970-  





Useful Links


                                 Library of Congress Authority File (English)
                                 

                                 Virtual International Authority File.
                                 

                                 Wikipedia Klaus Kleinfeld

                                 Wikidata.
                                 



Associated Subjects
Aluminum Company of America Aluminum plants Budget deficits Budget process Corporate image Emigration and immigration law Legislators Manufacturing industries Manufacturing industries--Employees Manufacturing industries--Technological innovations Ohio Presidents--Election Ryan, Paul, Strategic planning United States




Alternative Names

Klaus Kleinfeld deutscher Manager
Klaus Kleinfeld Duits ondernemer
Klaus Kleinfeld German businessman
Kleinfeld, Klaus Christian 1957-
Кляйнфельд, Клаус
کلاوس کلینفیلد
克劳斯·克莱因费尔特

Languages
German
                           (10)English
                           (2)





Google+


                     © 2010 OCLC Online Computer Library Center, Inc.  
                     
                  WorldCat Identities is covered by the
                  
                     OCLC ResearchWorks Terms and Conditions
                     
                  OCLC 6565 Kilgour Place, Dublin OH USA 43017
                  
               

                  Project Page
                  |
                     Feedback
                     |
                  Known Problems
                  
               
















































































            
    The Sudden Departure of Klaus Kleinfeld From Arconic -- The Motley Fool

        








 












Skip to main content



The Motley Fool


Fool.com


Fool.co.uk


Fool.com.au


Fool.ca


Fool.sg


Fool.de





                Helping the world invest better since 1993.
            




Hi, Fool!




                    Premium Advice






                    Help

 Fool Answers
 Contact Us




Login





























Search

	    Search:
	







































The Sudden Departure of Klaus Kleinfeld From Arconic
Its CEO is on his way out after allegations of threats. Here's the context and what will probably happen next for Arconic.











                Motley Fool Staff
            



            
            Apr 26, 2017 at 2:15PM
            
            





This week, aluminum company Arconic's (NYSE:ARNC) CEO, Klaus Kleinfeld, was surprisingly ousted from his position by investment manager Elliott Management, which claimed Kleinfeld had mailed them an intimidating or threatening letter.
In this clip from Industry Focus: Energy, Motley Fool analysts Sean O'Reilly and Taylor Muckerman explain what's happening with the corporate seat change, the context behind it and why it matters, and what this might mean for Arconic going forward.

A full transcript follows the video.







This video was recorded on April 20, 2017.

Sean O'Reilly: We have to briefly talk about what's going on with Arconic. Basically, this week, the sudden ouster of its CEO Klaus Kleinfeld. Arconic is the lightweight metals and engineering manufacturer. It's the successor --
Taylor Muckerman: Well, not successor, because Alcoa (NYSE:AA) still exists. 
O'Reilly: It spun off the original aluminum production operations, and this is the advanced stuff. So Alcoa took the name.





Muckerman: Alcoa kept the aluminum production, and they spun off the aluminum products division into Arconic.
O'Reilly: Yeah. It was interesting to me, because in every press release I've ever seen for this, or analysis, Arconic is not mentioned as a spinoff. It's just, "We're separating, and that's it."
Muckerman: Yeah, I guess maybe not a spinoff, technically. 
O'Reilly: But bottom line, that's just semantics to this point. This happened about six months ago. The guy that steered Arconic through this process of becoming an individual company was, again, CEO Klaus Kleinfeld. Total surprise -- it was announced on April 17 that Kleinfeld has been forced out by investment manager Elliott Management. This is actually where it gets even weirder.





Arconic said that Mr. Kleinfeld's exit came after he sent an unauthorized letter to Elliott Management, that Arconic's board of directors said showed poor judgement. The company then said that Mr. Kleinfeld is stepping down by mutual agreement. I don't know what was in this letter. That sounds awesome. If somebody knows, tweet at me, I guess. Elliott said in a statement that the letter from Mr. Kleinfeld "read as a threat to intimidate or extort a senior officer of Elliott Management based on completely false insinuations, a threat that we took seriously and about which we immediately and privately informed the board." Whoa.
Muckerman: Yeah, I would believe them if they didn't already want him out of there for over a year. This is just their excuse.
O'Reilly: That's the final cap on this whole --
Muckerman: They were probably poking the bear for a year, and he finally woke up from hibernation.





O'Reilly: Arconic is going to have a shareholder meeting on May 16, and they had it on the docket to get him out. That letter, I want to know what's in that letter. That sounds insane, from a professional CEO of a large corporation.
Muckerman: Yeah. If you're a shareholder of Alcoa -- because he's been the CEO of Alcoa before the split -- he pushed back against the split in 2012 and 2013, when the price of commodities started to fall, eventually succumbing to investors' demands, and successfully overseeing the split and then taking control as the CEO of Arconic. He's a visionary. He has long-term visions for Arconic, not these near-term visions that Elliott Management has. If you look at his success at Alcoa and Arconic now as a businessman and a relationship man with their customers, Boeing was going to go all composites, they were going to completely eliminate the aluminum products that they used from Alcoa and now Arconic. He had the CEO come to their plant, they hashed it out, and they proved that they needed to remain an Arconic customer. And it's one of their biggest contracts. And then you see the CEOs of Airbus, on top of Boeing, United Technologies, and to [General Electric] Aviation all voicing their support for Klaus Kleinfeld. But Elliott Management, they have some ulterior motives, some short-term motives, I'm sure.
O'Reilly: This is not news, yeah.
Muckerman: The stock did pop a little bit, but all these reports you see about his track record in the market for Alcoa, all say, "Oh, this stock's done so poorly since he's been there!" But they never mention the fact that the price of aluminum has also done quite poorly since he was CEO.
O'Reilly: Right. Lemons out of lemonade. Last thing before we move on, what you were talking about, he's a visionary. When the split happened six months ago, I saw it mentioned in The Wall Street Journal, he had this big, long production video of the future, 60 years from now. And he's like, "We're going to build the future, these towers, with robots, we're going to build it all," and it's like, oh my gosh, this guy is thinking long-term.
Muckerman: Using Arconic's products. As Fools, we appreciate that, and as Fools, we don't appreciate, at least I don't appreciate, what happened. I'm going to keep my eye on him and see where he ends up. If he doesn't choose to retire, I think somebody is going to want him on their board, or in their C-suite. I'd be interested which company that is. Hopefully they're public so I can follow along. 


Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. Taylor Muckerman owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.




















Article Info




                    
                    Apr 26, 2017 at 2:15PM
                    
                


                    Energy, Materials, and Utilities
                












Stocks








Alcoa



                                        NYSE:AA





                                    $36.76
                                

up



                                    $0.04
                                

                                    (0.11%)
                                










Arconic Inc.



                                        NYSE:ARNC





                                    $25.04
                                

up



                                    $0.28
                                

                                    (1.15%)
                                








Read More



Here's Why Arconic Fell As Much As 11.3% This Morning



































Prev


1

2


3


4



Next






Compare Brokers












































Motley Fool push notifications are finally here
Allow push notifications to help you stay on top of...

Breaking investing news
Earnings coverage
Market movers
Special offers and more

Subscribe to notifications
You can unsubscribe at any time.





 



 

Current












The Sudden Departure of Klaus Kleinfeld From Arconic @themotleyfool #stocks $AA, $ARNC






































Kleinfeld Bridal - The Largest Selection of Wedding Dresses in the World!

































Bridal
Sample Studio
Theshow
Paper
Name Change
Hotel Blocks







GOWN GALLERY

All Gowns
Plus Size Gowns
Evening Wear
Designer Profiles
Gown Preservation


ACCESSORIES

All Accessories
Jewelry
Headpieces
Shoes
Veils
Handbags
Belts
Boleros


TRUNK SHOWS
VIDEOS
REAL BRIDES
PARTNERS

Browse All
Bridal Stylist
Cakes & Toppers
Caterers
Event Planning
Favors & Gifts
Fitness
Flowers
Gown Preservation
Hair/Beauty
Honeymoons
Invitations
Jewelry Rental
Music
Photography
Photo Booth
Receptions/Rehearsal Dinners
Transportation


BLOG
WINDOWS
ABOUT US

About Kleinfeld
Kleinfeld History
The Book
Press


APPOINTMENTS

Schedule an Appointment
Driving Directions
Store Hours
FAQ


CONTACT










 
 










					Exclusively at Kleinfeld
					see all






Pnina Tornai
41 styles







Dennis Basso
45 styles







Tony Ward
36 styles







Christian Siriano
34 styles





					Watch Bridal Runway Shows
					see all





Behind the Scenes with Mark Zunino 2015





Behind the Scenes with Dennis Basso 2015





Behind the Scenes with Pnina Tornai 2015





Pnina Tornai for Kleinfeld 2015




					Love at Kleinfeld
					see all






Kelly and Ryan Robinson
Married September 17th


Read their Story







Madeline and Christopher Howard
Married September 17th


Read their Story




Kleinfeld Paper








					Upcoming Trunk Shows
					see all






Pnina Tornai
Aug 17 - 27







Tony Ward
Sep 7 - 10







Reem Acra
Sep 12 - 14







Peter Langner
Sep 15 - 17
















Gown Search



Designer
All
Alita Graham
Allure Bridals
Alvina Valenta
Alyne by Rita Vinieris
Amsale
Angel Sanchez
Anne Barge
Antonio Riva
Ashley & Justin
Augusta Jones
Austin Scarlett
Badgley Mischka
Bliss Monique Lhuillier
Blossom Veils
Blush by Hayley Paige
Carol Hannah
Christian Siriano
Christos
Christos Costarellos
Cortana
Danielle Caprese
David Fielden
Dennis Basso
Edgardo Bonilla
Eliza Jane Howell
Elizabeth Fillmore
Enaura Bridal Couture
Eugenia Couture
Eve Of Milady
Francesca Miranda
Gemy Maalouf
Hayley Paige
Henry Roth
Ian Stuart
Iris Noble
Isabelle Armstrong
Jim Hjelm
Karen Willis Holmes
Kenneth Pool
LOVE by Pnina Tornai
Lakum
Lanvin Paris
Lazaro
Le Spose di Gio
Legends by Romona Keveza
Liancarlo
Lovelle by Lazaro
Lusan Mandongus
Madison James
Maggie Sottero
Maison Signore
Marco & Maria
Marisa
Melanie Harris
Michael De Paulo
Michelle Roth
Mikael D
Mikaella
Nektaria
Pallas Couture
Paloma Blanca
Pamela Roland
Pedram
Perla D by Pnina Tornai
Peter Langner
Pnina Tornai
Pronovias
Randy Fenoli
Reem Acra
Rivini
Romona Keveza Collection
Sachin & Babi
Sareh Nouri
Sophia Moncelli
Sottero & Midgley
Stephen Yearick
Tara Keely
Temperley London
The Collection by Ian Stuart
Tia Adora by Alvina Valenta
Tony Ward
Victoria Kyriakides
Viktor and Rolf
Watters
YSA Makino
Yolan Cris
Zuhair Murad



Silhouette
All
Jumpsuit
A-Line
Cocktail Length
Fit and Flare
Mermaid
Princess/Ball Gown
Sheath
Tea Length



Price
All
$ ($2000 - $3000)
$$ ($3001 - $5000)
$$$ ($5001-$8000)
$$$$ ($8001-$10k)
$$$$$ ($10k and up)












From Our Blog


Introducing the Kleinfeld Sample Studio
Did you and your fiance say a big ‘NO way’ to a long engagement and you’re shopping for a wedding dress in a time crunch? (think 6 months before the wedding day) Are you shopping for a designer wedding dress for less? Or are you looking for a laid-back, casual shopping experience where you can pop-in for 5 minutes without the pressure of wedding dress shopping? If yes — then we have BIG news, we just created a solution for all 3. Introducing the Kleinfeld Sample Studio!


read




Most Talked About




								"Too much going on in one dress"
								see it





								"I love the color and skirt of this dress but...
Randy honey the top looks like you'd be wearing pasties."
								see it





								"Would want to wear this for my wedding too!!!"
								see it





								"Lovely and stunning!!! Please show the back!!! Thank you!!! I added this to my favorites!!!"
								see it





								"Surreal and lovely!!! Need to see the back!!! PLEASE!!!"
								see it












Bridal

Wedding Gowns
Trunk Shows
Plus Size Gowns
Gown Preservation
Sample Studio
Designer Profiles



About Us

Windows
History
The Book
Press
Privacy Policy



Appointments

Schedule Appointment
Appointment FAQ
Contact Us
Store Hours
Driving Info






						Sign Up for Kleinfeld News:  
						
  
						  
						






							110 West 20th Street • New York NY 10011 • 646.633.4300
						

 1
 2





						© 2017 KleinfeldBridal.com
					








 








Arconic | News | Press Releases | 2017 | Klaus Kleinfeld Steps Down as Chair and CEO of Arconic




























Arconic
close









close






Global Locations
Australia
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
China
Czech Republic
France
Germany
Hungary
India
Japan
Mexico
Morocco
Netherlands
Russia
Singapore
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
United Kingdom
United States

close


close











News
Press Releases
 . . . 2017Klaus Kleinfeld Steps Down as Chair and CEO of Arconic






Klaus Kleinfeld Steps Down as Chair and CEO of Arconic
April 17, 2017




















 David P. Hess, Arconic Board Member, Appointed to Serve as Interim CEOPatricia F. Russo, Lead Director, Appointed to Serve as Interim ChairNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Arconic (NYSE: ARNC) today announced that Klaus Kleinfeld, by mutual 
      agreement with the Arconic Board of Directors, has stepped down as Chair 
      and Chief Executive Officer of Arconic and has resigned as a Board 
      member.David P. Hess, a current Board member, has been appointed as Interim CEO 
      of Arconic and will remain on the Board. Mr. Hess has decades of 
      experience in leading aerospace and industrial businesses. Patricia F. 
      Russo, Arconic’s current Lead Director, has been appointed as Interim 
      Chair of the Board. Ms. Russo has served on the Board since 2008 and has 
      been serving as Lead Director since 2015.“The Board is focused on hiring a world-class CEO to lead Arconic into 
      its next chapter. We are focused on ensuring a smooth leadership 
      transition for our customers, employees and many stakeholders,” said Ms. 
      Russo. “The Board is deeply grateful to Klaus Kleinfeld for his 
      dedication and service as Chair and CEO of Arconic, and previously of 
      Alcoa Inc., and appreciates his assistance with this transition. Klaus 
      led a complex and highly successful transformation of Alcoa Inc. that 
      culminated in the launch of two strong, standalone companies – Alcoa 
      Corporation and Arconic. Today, Arconic is a leading advanced 
      manufacturer of highly engineered products with strong market positions.”Mr. Kleinfeld said, “I have had the honor and the privilege of working 
      with so many talented and dedicated colleagues at Alcoa Inc. and now at 
      Arconic. Together we have accomplished a lot. Today, Arconic is well 
      positioned for the next phase. I am committed to supporting David and 
      the Board through this transition phase.”Ms. Russo continued, “We are fortunate to have a proven leader of David 
      Hess’ caliber to step into the CEO role on an interim basis while the 
      Board conducts its search process for a permanent CEO. We are confident 
      that David’s abilities and experience will ensure a smooth transition 
      for the benefit of all of our stakeholders.”Mr. Hess said, “I look forward to working closely with the Board, senior 
      leadership team and our dedicated and hard-working employees. Klaus and 
      the Arconic team have built a great company and over the coming months 
      my focus will be on continuing to serve our customers seamlessly, and 
      deliver for our shareholders.”Mr. Kleinfeld stepped down as Chair and CEO by mutual agreement after 
      the Board learned that, without consultation with or authorization by 
      the Board, he had sent a letter directly to a senior officer of Elliott 
      Management that the Board determined showed poor judgment.Importantly, this decision was not made in response to the proxy fight 
      or Elliott Management’s criticisms of the Company’s strategy, leadership 
      or performance and is not in any way related to the financials or 
      records of the Company. The Board continues to believe that under Mr. 
      Kleinfeld’s leadership, the Company successfully executed a 
      transformative vision and improved business performance amid a complex 
      market environment, and the Board reaffirms the strategy developed under 
      Mr. Kleinfeld’s leadership and shared with our investors, customers and 
      employees.Elliott Management’s central objective – a CEO change – has been 
      realized at Arconic. With the completion of Arconic’s transformative 
      separation transaction last November, the substantial refreshment of its 
      Board composition with seven of its twelve directors having joined the 
      Board since the beginning of last year, and now the departure of Mr. 
      Kleinfeld as CEO and Chair of the Board, it is clear that the Company 
      has recently undergone a tremendous amount of change. It is Elliott 
      Management's decision whether to continue to burden Arconic and its 
      shareholders with its highly disruptive and distracting proxy fight, or 
      to support Arconic in facilitating an effective CEO search and a strong 
      transition.About David P. HessDavid P. Hess joined the Arconic Board in March 2017. He has served in 
      numerous leadership roles over his 38-year career at United Technologies 
      Corporation (UTC) including his most recent position as UTC Executive 
      Vice President and Chief Customer Officer for Aerospace, held from 
      January 2015 through January 2017. Previously, Mr. Hess served as 
      President of Pratt & Whitney from January 2009 through January 2014, 
      where he was responsible for the company’s global operations in the 
      design, manufacture and service of aircraft engines for commercial and 
      military aircraft. He joined Pratt & Whitney after four years as 
      President of Hamilton Sundstrand, the UTC business where he began his 
      professional career in 1979. Mr. Hess was a 10-year member on the 
      Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) Board of Governors Executive 
      Committee, serving as Chairman in 2012. Mr. Hess is a Fellow of the 
      Royal Aeronautical Society. He holds a bachelor’s degree in physics from 
      Hamilton College and a bachelor’s and master’s degree in electrical 
      engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He was awarded an MIT 
      Sloan Fellowship in 1989 and earned a master’s degree in management in 
      1990.About Patricia F. RussoMs. Russo has served on the Arconic Board as Lead Director since the 
      Company was launched as a standalone entity after the separation of 
      Alcoa Inc. Ms. Russo joined the Alcoa Inc. board in 2008 and was 
      appointed Lead Director in 2015. Ms. Russo is Chair of Hewlett Packard 
      Enterprise Company. Ms. Russo was the Chief Executive Officer of Alcatel 
      Lucent, a large global communications company, from December 2006 to 
      September 2008. She served as Chair of Lucent Technologies Inc. from 
      2003 to 2006 and as its Chief Executive Officer and President from 2002 
      to 2006, during which time she led the company through one of the most 
      challenging periods in the telecommunications sector’s history. She led 
      the company’s return to profitability and growth after the telecom 
      industry downturn and later led the company through its strategic merger 
      with Alcatel. Ms. Russo was Chair of Avaya Inc. from December 2000, 
      until she joined Lucent as Chief Executive Officer in January 2002. She 
      has been recognized multiple times for her business achievements as one 
      of Fortune’s “Most Powerful Women” and as one of Time’s “100 Most 
      Influential People”.About ArconicArconic (NYSE: ARNC) creates breakthrough products that shape 
      industries. Working in close partnership with our customers, we solve 
      complex engineering challenges to transform the way we fly, drive, build 
      and power. Through the ingenuity of our people and cutting-edge advanced 
      manufacturing techniques, we deliver these products at a quality and 
      efficiency that ensures customer success and shareholder value. For more 
      information: www.arconic.com. 
      Follow @arconic: Twitter, 
      Instagram, 
      Facebook, 
      LinkedIn 
      and YouTube.Forward–Looking StatementsThis communication contains statements that relate to future events and 
      expectations and as such constitute forward-looking statements within 
      the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
      Forward-looking statements include those containing such words as 
      “anticipates,” “believes,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “forecasts,” 
      “guidance,” “goal,” “intends,” “may,” “outlook,” “plans,” “projects,” 
      “seeks,” “sees,” “should,” “targets,” “will,” “would,” or other words of 
      similar meaning. All statements that reflect Arconic’s expectations, 
      assumptions or projections about the future, other than statements of 
      historical fact, are forward-looking statements, including, without 
      limitation, forecasts relating to the growth of end markets and 
      potential share gains; statements and guidance regarding future 
      financial results or operating performance; and statements about 
      Arconic’s strategies, outlook, business and financial prospects. 
      Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and 
      it is possible that actual results may differ materially from those 
      indicated by these forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks 
      and uncertainties, including, but not limited to: (a) deterioration in 
      global economic and financial market conditions generally; (b) 
      unfavorable changes in the markets served by Arconic; (c) the inability 
      to achieve the level of revenue growth, cash generation, cost savings, 
      improvement in profitability and margins, fiscal discipline, or 
      strengthening of competitiveness and operations anticipated from 
      restructuring programs and productivity improvement, cash 
      sustainability, technology advancements, and other initiatives; (d) 
      changes in discount rates or investment returns on pension assets; (e) 
      Arconic’s inability to realize expected benefits, in each case as 
      planned and by targeted completion dates, from acquisitions, 
      divestitures, facility closures, curtailments, expansions, or joint 
      ventures; (f) the impact of cyber attacks and potential information 
      technology or data security breaches; (g) political, economic, and 
      regulatory risks in the countries in which Arconic operates or sells 
      products; (h) the outcome of contingencies, including legal proceedings, 
      government or regulatory investigations, and environmental remediation; 
      and (i) the other risk factors discussed in Arconic’s Form 10-K for the 
      year ended December 31, 2016, and other reports filed with the U.S. 
      Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Arconic disclaims any 
      obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether in 
      response to new information, future events or otherwise, except as 
      required by applicable law. Market projections are subject to the risks 
      discussed above and other risks in the market.











Media Assets Download


PDF
 230KB







 
 





Recent News


 

July 10, 2017
Arconic to Host Webcast and Announce Second Quarter 2017 Results





June 26, 2017
Arconic Issues Statement on Reynobond PE





June 19, 2017
Arconic Completes Early Redemption of 6.50% Bonds Due 2018 and 6.75% Notes Due 2018











 
									see more 
								

 











close

















Klaus Kleinfeld steps down as chair and CEO of Arconic



   















  
































X












&times















&times















&times















&times


















Business



Business


Earnings


Transportation


Defense


Materials and Metals




Arconic stock jumps after Klaus Kleinfeld steps down as chair and CEO 

Katie Little																
					
																												
					    			    		
	    									 | Christine Wang

Monday, 17 Apr 2017 |  5:02  PM ETBreaking News



SHARES














show chapters





 



  




				    	                 
            Klaus Kleinfeld splits from Arconic   
			                        Monday, 17 Apr 2017 |  9:30  AM ET |  04:41 




In a surprise move, Klaus Kleinfeld has stepped down as chair and CEO of Arconic and resigned from the company's board after he displayed "poor judgment," Arconic announced on Monday.
Shares of the aluminum, titanium, and nickel products manufacturer were initially 9 percent higher following the news. The stock closed more than 3 percent higher on Monday.
Arconic said Kleinfeld's departure was not in response to the proxy fight Paul Singer's Elliott Management launched or to the activist investor's criticisms of Arconic and lobbying for it to replace Kleinfeld.

"Mr. Kleinfeld stepped down as Chair and CEO by mutual agreement after the Board learned that, without consultation with or authorization by the Board, he had sent a letter directly to a senior officer of Elliott Management that the Board determined showed poor judgment," according to the release.
Later, the activist firm said "the letter read as a threat to intimidate or extort a senior officer of Elliott Management based on completely false insinuations, a threat that we took seriously and about which we immediately and privately informed the Board."
Elliott said, however, that the problem ultimately lies with the board, which Elliott said "repeatedly excused, endorsed, and participated in Dr. Kleinfeld's poor leadership and attempts to entrench himself and his allies on the Board."
The activist firm said it intends to continue its pursuit of "fundamental Board-level change as vigorously as ever."
Current board member David Hess has been appointed as the interim CEO, and Patricia Russo has been appointed the board's interim chair.
Kleinfeld oversaw the split of Arconic and Alcoa. 
Now that Kleinfeld has stepped down, Arconic pointed out that Elliott's main goal has been realized and said "it is Elliott Management's decision whether to continue to burden Arconic and its shareholders with its highly disruptive and distracting proxy fight, or to support Arconic in facilitating an effective CEO search and a strong transition."
Arconic and Elliott did not immediately respond to CNBC's requests for comment.
Watch: More upside for Arconic







show chapters





 



  




				    	                 
            Pro: More upside for Arconic   
			                        Monday, 17 Apr 2017 |  1:10  PM ET |  02:16 












Katie LittleStaff WriterChristine WangNews Associate


Related Securities




Symbol
Price
 
Change
%Change




ARNC

---













































To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again.





Playing




Share this video...


×


Watch Next...
























































Investors Press Arconic to Oust CEO Klaus Kleinfeld, Months After Alcoa Separation - Dow Jones



































































Home
Products
Press Room
Scoops
About
Careers
Contact
 CONTACT SALES
SUBSCRIBE TO THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
SUBSCRIBE TO BARRON’S
 





Dow JonesScoops    Investors Press Arconic to Oust CEO Klaus Kleinfeld, Months After Alcoa Separation 

Log in    












Risk & Compliance






Factiva






The Wall Street Journal






DJX





 














Investors Press Arconic to Oust CEO Klaus Kleinfeld, Months After Alcoa Separation

By David Benoit and Bob Tita
Several of Arconic Inc.’s biggest shareholders are pressing the company to oust Chief Executive Klaus Kleinfeld, less than three months after he separated the parts maker from aluminum giant Alcoa Inc.
The shareholders are unhappy with the company’s performance and blame Mr. Kleinfeld, who served as Alcoa’s CEO for eight years before taking the helm at Arconic, according to people familiar with the matter. The company’s spending and history of missed forecasts dating back to before the split are among their complaints, the people said.
Some of the investors have brought their concerns about Mr. Kleinfeld to Arconic’s board, of which he is chairman, the people added.
In a statement, Arconic said Mr. Kleinfeld “substantially transformed” Alcoa during his tenure and more than doubled margins in the Arconic business.
“His strategy to separate Alcoa Inc. has been highly successful, and has already unlocked significant value for all shareholders,” said Arconic, which is scheduled to report its first quarterly results post-split Tuesday.
The shareholders’ complaints mark a reversal for Mr. Kleinfeld, whose move to split the 128-year-old company was viewed as his signature achievement. The jet-setting executive, a regular in the financial press, was appointed by President Donald Trump to an advisory committee aimed at revitalizing U.S. manufacturing.
Mr. Kleinfeld took the helm at Alcoa in May 2008, just before the financial crisis sent aluminum prices, and the company’s stock, down sharply. He quickly set out to expand Alcoa’s business of manufacturing parts for the aerospace and automotive industries in an attempt to offset the slumping price of commodity-grade aluminum.
During Mr. Kleinfeld’s tenure, Alcoa’s stock, including dividends, lost 68%, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. Since March 2009 until the split, the company has returned 90%, besting peers.
A surge in aluminum production in China created a global glut that has sent aluminum prices tumbling in recent years. To salvage the most profitable parts of Alcoa, the company in September 2015 said it would separate its high-value parts businesses from the raw aluminum business. Investors applauded the move, which left Mr. Kleinfeld in charge of the parts business after the mining and aluminum production unit was spun out into the new Alcoa Corp. this past November.
But Arconic’s stock hasn’t done as well since the split, returning 2.2%. Alcoa, meanwhile, has returned 67%, boosted by a postelection bet that duties on imported aluminum and U.S. industrial expansion will revitalize demand for Alcoa’s aluminum. Shareholders who held Alcoa stock before the split have gained about 21%.
Activist investor Elliott Management Corp., Arconic’s biggest shareholder, is among those unhappy with the Arconic’s performance. The hedge fund, which first invested in Alcoa in late 2015, recently boosted its stake to 10.3%, saying Arconic’s stock is “dramatically undervalued, ” according to a regulatory filing last week.
Elliott had been at peace with the company since reaching a deal for three board seats in early 2016. The agreement barring Elliott from launching a public fight has ended, raising the possibility that the hedge fund will seek additional board seats ahead of a Feb. 5 nominating deadline.
Investors are expected to focus on the performance of Arconic’s largest division, engineered products and solutions, when the company reports fourth-quarter results Tuesday. In October, management forecast revenue in a range of $5.6 billion to $5.8 billion, the second reduction from a 2015 analyst day forecast of $7.2 billion. The forecast for adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization has been lowered to around $1.2 billion from roughly $1.7 billion.
Arconic’s spending is also an issue for shareholders. In the two years before the breakup, Alcoa spent $4.6 billion on acquisitions to increase its presence in the aerospace industry and expand its product lines to titanium and other metals. But its biggest deal of the period, the $2.9 billion purchase of aerospace component maker Firth Rixson in 2014, has fallen short of expectations with lower-than-expected production volumes of commercial jets.
Investors also cite Arconic’s advertising and marketing spending, including a series of high-production videos about a reimagined Jetsons family directed by Justin Lin, who did some of “The Fast and the Furious” movies.
The company said Mr. Kleinfeld is focused on keeping costs in check. “Management has been relentless in driving costs down and productivity up, taking $4.4 billion of cost out of Alcoa Inc. from the time Mr. Kleinfeld joined, through separation,” the company said.
At an investor day in December, Arconic said its combined Ebitda margin had more than doubled while part of the larger Alcoa to 15% at the end of 2015. It’s targeting 17% for 2019.
Arconic executives and industry analysts predict the aviation business, which accounts for about 40% of its revenue, will bounce back in 2017 as aircraft builders and jet engine manufacturers ramp up production.
Executives also expect Arconic’s rolled products and transportation components businesses to expand as auto makers continue to increase their use of aluminum as a substitute for steel to lower vehicle weights and improve fuel economy. Arconic is a supplier for Ford Motor Co.’s all-aluminum F-series pickup trucks.
Write to David Benoit at david.benoit@wsj.com and Bob Tita at robert.tita@wsj.com








Breaking the story    

                        David Benoit and Bob Tita were first to report that several of Arconic Inc.’s biggest shareholders who are unhappy with the company’s performance is urging the company to oust Chief Executive Klaus Kleinfeld, according to sources. The complaint by shareholders marks a reversal for Mr. Kleinfeld, whose recent move to separate the parts maker from aluminum giant Alcoa Inc. was viewed as his signature achievement.                    


Timeline    

January 30, 2017, 12:23 
Investors Press Arconic to Oust CEO Klaus Kleinfeld, Months After Alcoa Separation – Sources
January 30, 2017, 12:23 
Arconic Shareholders Concerned About Spending, Missed Forecasts – Sources
January 30, 2017, 12:23 
Arconic Separated From Alcoa in November
January 30, 2017, 12:23 
Investors Press Arconic to Oust CEO Klaus Kleinfeld, Months After Alcoa Separation
















Search    













Jobs    




View full result set    

























Email    *


Please fill in the required field.    

By clicking submit, I agree to the     Privacy Policy     and     Cookie Policy     and I understand I will receive marketing communications from Dow Jones professional information products from which I may unsubscribe using the links provided.    








Thank you    


Thank you for subscribing, your information has been submitted successfully.    

Close    








































Klaus Kleinfeld – European CEO


























 



























›Digital Editions












 
Klaus KleinfeldIn 2008 the price of aluminium plummeted from over $3,000 per tonne to below $1,500 per tonne, causing the stock price of Alcoa – one of the largest aluminium producers in the world to head in the same the direction. The outlook was grim. But fortunately for Alcoa, the firm had just signed up a […]
 





 















Profiles 



13 Jan 2011















 

In 2008 the price of aluminium plummeted from over $3,000 per tonne to below $1,500 per tonne, causing the stock price of Alcoa – one of the largest aluminium producers in the world to head in the same the direction. The outlook was grim. But fortunately for Alcoa, the firm had just signed up a CEO who had the skills and talent to steer the aluminium producer through one of the more difficult periods in it history.
Born in Bremen in Germany, Kleinfeld began his career as a marketing consultant in 1982 but before long had joined Siemens, the global engineering and technology services firm, and one of Germany’s greatest companies. Kleinfeld started out as an advertising and design manager in 1987, but swiftly rose through the ranks, and was appointed CEO of Siemens Corp in the US in 2002, and then returned to Germany as head of strategy, where he was promoted to the Siemens AG CEO spot in 2005.
Along the way he acquired a PhD in strategic management from the University of Wuerzburg, and an MBA from the University of Goettingen.
He arrived at the helm of Siemens during a tough time for the organisation, but as CEO, Kleinfeld tried to bring to Siemens AG some of his experience from running the business in the US, some of the American can do entrepreneurial attitude. He introduced new labour terms extending working hours, sold off some poor performing units on the handheld set side, merged the computer-services units and software divisions, and engineered a tie up with Nokia. Despite some fierce criticism of his approach, his rewiring of the German firm boosted sales, profits and market capitalisation.
Unfortunately for Kleinfeld, his time at Siemens came to an unsatisfactory conclusion when the company was engulfed in a well publicised bribery scandal. Kleinfeld wasn’t implicated, but nevertheless resigned following the firm’s Chairman, Heinrich von Pierer, out of the door.
It wasn’t long, though, before Kleinfeld was back in the corporate fray, when he joined Alcoa in the summer of 2007. Incorporated in 1888, as the not so catchy Pittsburgh Reduction Company, Alcoa (from the Aluminum Company of America) is one of the world’s leading producers of primary and fabricated aluminum and alumina. The company, founded by Charles Martin Hall, who invented a process to extract aluminium from its bauxite ore, swiftly progressed from smelting, to selling aluminium kettles, to the extraction and manufacture of raw materials, and even power generation.
Today the firm employs 59,000 employees in 31 countries, and its products make up over 90 percent of the aluminium alloys used in aircraft, and millions of aluminum drinks cans, as well as alloy wheels and various building products.Kleinfeld was not to know it but he joined the firm just as it headed into one of the most turbulent periods in its 120 year plus history. In the twelve months from mid 2008 aluminium prices tumbled some 60 percent.
Unsurprisingly, Alcoa’s stock price took a big hit. The stock, which momentarily hit a peak of $47 in July 2007, slumped to below $5.50 in 2009, before climbing back towards $15 as 2010 drew to a close.
There is some way to go before shareholders can recapture some of the value they lost during the slowdown.  But Kleinfeld hasn’t been idle, as he explained to Susie Gharib on PBS’ Nightly Business Report in October. “We have used the downturn to really restructure our cost base,” he said. “We have cut a lot of costs out, become a very lean company and at the same time driven for further innovation and further growth and that’s all coming back.”
One issue for Kleinfeld is delivering growth continued growth amidst considerable economic uncertainty. Yet, encouragingly, Alcoa raised its expectations for global aluminium demand in 2010 to 13 percent. And while stock watchers often focus on China, as Kleinfeld has pointed out in the past, it is a global market and there is increased demand from places such as India and countries in South East Asia.  In fact Kleinfeld is optimistic about global demand.
“In countries such as China, Brazil, India and Russia, more and more people are moving into the middle class, driving demand, in building and construction, transportation, and packaging,” the CEO said in a Q3 earnings statement. And in China, where one nation’s economic growth is driving corporate growth across the world, Kleinfeld talks about demand for aluminium up some 21%. Not that markets closer to home should be ignored, he notes, with both the aerospace and auto sectors in the US showing strong growth.
Another important issue for Kleinfeld is sustainability. The firm has won a bunch of awards for its CSR performance, but making real progress on social and environmental responsibility is not always easy for a metals and mining firm.
Kleinfeld’s comment in an interview for special World Economic Forum edition of the magazine Swiss Style, makes it clear that he is committed to making a difference by continuing improving the firms’ performance on sustainable business practices. “Sustainability is in our DNA and has been guiding us since before the word even existed,” he says.
As Kleinfeld notes, the firm has cut back greenhouse gas emissions by 36 percent since the 1990s. And the properties of aluminium are useful when it comes to sustainable performance, as the company’s website points out “approximately 75 percent of all of the aluminum ever produced since 1888 is still in active use today.” A good example of Alcoa’s and Kleinfeld’s intentions on sustainability, for example, is the introduction of an iPhone app in late 2010 to help consumers find recycling centres and keep track of the money they earn back through recycling aluminium products.
And Kleinfeld doesn’t just want to deliver good results. Although with year-on-year sales up five percent in the third quarter of 2010, and the company’s smelters on their way to producing 3.6 million metric tons of aluminium in 2010 – an 80 percent capacity utilisation rate, up from 75 percent in the second quarter – he certainly seems to be doing that. But Kleinfeld also has a distinct take on the kind of leadership required to be successful in the global economy.
He made his views on the subject clear during a speech to business school students at Wharton Business School in 2006. Leaders in global business world should be challenging themselves to improve their performance, be willing to delegate and not over controlling.
They should be entrepreneurial, but responsibly so. “If you dig a hole in the ship below the water line, you risk the entire ship sinking. That kind of entrepreneurial behaviour is not a good idea,” he noted.
In addition, you should respect your colleagues and engage in dialogue with others, and while maintaining a degree of independence not sacrifice team spirit as a result. “Nobody’s perfect, but a team can be,” he says. Now that sounds like the kind of leader you would want in charge of your company. Alcoa, it seems, is in safe hands.









wooteothith



The most classical monogram series, its major lightweight canvas, the creation technique is really complex, this canvas is with high withstanding pressure, and great use out resisting without having distortion, along with the patterns are intact. Practically all the common designs are produced basing on this canvas, and designed into diverse versions with diverse applications.Together using the unique developments of culture and human tradition, there are lots of varieties of Louis Vuitton bags on the business for our alternative, just like described previously mentioned, monogram canvas may be the simple model, other individuals sorts are designed on that foundation, these kinds of as Vernis leather, multicolor, denim, mahina and so on. It blends the classical and stylish factors, so that you can maintain areas with time and fulfill a whole lot far more plus a lot a lot more people’s desires. 
These sorts of bags characteristic by the exquisite workmanship, perfect style from the total to just about every single detail, newest and several trend sort and timeless style. The designers are focused on the conventional values of travel brand name, and much extra focus on the brand name tradition. Presently, we could say that this brand name is identified for the great bulk of people, as the significant force of this collection, Louis Vuitton bagsdo superb profession.louis vuitton handbags|louis vuitton outlet have grow to be so well-liked in most parts in the country. The designer label originates from France exactly where the designer features a massive customer’s foundation. Other than these bags, Louis Vuitton makes other merchandise which meet customer’s specifications. Basically, the label designer is identified in the complete globe. The bags are pretty remarkable as significantly because the several patterns are concerned. The styles come in a selection of shapes hence meeting customer’s tastes and preferences. 
The thing that tends to make Louis items unique from other items would be the uncomplicated reality that they meet the wanted quality that is referred to as superb great good quality. This standard permits the item to pretty last for a fairly lengthy time without having wearing out. They may be out there within the type of shoulder bags, waist type and other groups. They are as a result fantastic for equally guys and girls who go with trend. The well-liked sort LV style and style is suited for both guys and females contemplating that it meets both their tastes. Apart from that, the LV sort of purse is on desire today.The Louis Vuitton bags is often purchased from any one of a kind shop or inside the malls at extremely cost-effective prices. Most of these items are produced from canvas that indicates they may be waterproof and hence excellent all through the rainy seasons. Some are also created of leather along with other exclusive supplies. The range of content material determines the cost of that answer that is fairly economical.














Klaus Kleinfeld - Wikipedia





















 






Klaus Kleinfeld

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Klaus Kleinfeld





Born
Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld
(1957-11-06) 6 November 1957 (age 59)
Bremen, Germany


Nationality
German[1]


Citizenship
American


Alma mater
Diplom, Business Administration, University of Goettingen,
Göttingen, Germany
Ph.D., Strategic Management
University of Wuerzburg
Würzburg, Germany


Occupation
Ex-Chairman and CEO of Arconic


Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld (born 6 November 1957) was chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of Arconic. Kleinfeld is former chairman and CEO of Alcoa Inc., and former president and CEO of Siemens AG.[1][2][3] Kleinfeld stepped down as chairman and CEO of Arconic on 17 April 2017.[4]
In August 2007, Kleinfeld was appointed COO of New York, NY-based Alcoa Inc.[5] In May 2008, Kleinfeld was appointed CEO of Alcoa, succeeding Alain Belda. In April 2010, Kleinfeld was named chairman of Alcoa and continued to serve as CEO and Chairman of the Board until his resignation in April 2017.[1][6]
Since becoming Alcoa's CEO, Kleinfeld has implemented a transformation strategy to reduce the company's reliance on commodities, transforming it into a global leader in lightweight metals and increasing its reputation for manufacturing innovation.[7] On 28 September 2015, Alcoa completed its transformation with an announcement that it would split into two publicly traded companies the following year – one comprising Alcoa’s upstream businesses, and another comprising the Company’s value-add mid- and downstream businesses.[8] Kleinfeld will lead the value-add company as chairman and CEO and serve as chairman of the upstream company.[9] On completion of the split, he will continue to lead the new downstream company and will also serve as chairman of the upstream company during the critical initial phase to ensure a smooth and effective transition.[10]
Kleinfeld served as CEO of Munich, Germany-based Siemens AG from January 2005 until July 2007.[11] Kleinfeld’s efforts to modernize the company led to conflict with defenders of Siemens’ traditional business culture.[12] However, the company’s financial performance flourished.[12][13] Previously, Kleinfeld transformed Siemens Management Consulting into an effective partner for the global businesses.[11] He contributed significantly to the profitable turnaround of Siemens’ regional business in the U.S.[11]
In 2006, a German government investigation uncovered slush funds in secret bank accounts maintained by Siemens in order to win contracts.[13][14] Investigators found no evidence of wrongdoing by Kleinfeld and no charges were brought against him. In 2009, Kleinfeld, along with other former top Siemens executives, agreed to pay Siemens a sum to settle a related civil matter.[14][15][16] In June 2007, Kleinfeld left Siemens, citing uncertainty about his future with the company after divisions among Siemens board members concerning the extension of his contract became public.[17][18][19]
Kleinfeld started his career in 1982 by joining a specialized marketing consulting firm where he worked with clients such as Siemens, Henkel, Citibank, EFFEN, and various industry associations.[20]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 Siemens AG

2.1.1 Bribery investigation


2.2 Alcoa

2.2.1 STEM education initiatives


2.3 Arconic

2.3.1 Resignation from Arconic


2.4 Boards


3 Awards and recognition
4 Personal life
5 Publications
6 References
7 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld was born on 6 November 1957 in Bremen, Germany. He earned a business degree from Georg August University in Göttingen, Germany and a Ph.D. in management from the University of Würzburg in Würzburg, Germany.[20]
Career[edit]
In 1982, Kleinfeld began his career as a marketing consultant.[6] In 1986, he joined Ciba-Geigy, a multinational pharmaceutical company based in Basel, Switzerland, where he was a product manager in the company’s Pharmaceutical Division.[21]
Siemens AG[edit]
In 1987, Kleinfeld joined Munich-based Siemens AG, a global engineering and technology services firm based in the U.S. and Germany.[12] His first position was in the company’s Corporate Sales and Marketing unit, where he worked as a marketing research manager.[22] In 1990, he founded and led Siemens Management Consulting, an internal global partner for Siemens’ businesses that played a major role in the restructuring of many Siemens’ business units around the world and provided a foundation for Kleinfeld’s future operational and portfolio actions at Alcoa.[23]
In January 2001, Kleinfeld was promoted to chief operating officer (COO) of Siemens USA.[24] The recession in the U.S. had adversely impacted profits and Kleinfeld conceived a radical strategy to improve the performance of Siemens' operating companies. He also sought to fix, sell or close operations of recently acquired companies and create new cross-selling opportunities. Unprofitable operations were reduced from 24 to 8 and other cost-cutting measures saved an estimated $100 million.[25] From January 2005 to June 2007, Kleinfeld served as CEO of Siemens USA.[26]
In January 2004, Kleinfeld was appointed to Siemens’ Corporate Executive Committee. Also in 2004, Kleinfeld was appointed Vice President of Siemens AG.[27]
In 2004, Kleinfeld undertook instituting the customer- and shareholder-focused corporate culture, pressuring German unions to loosen labor rules and extending the German workweek from 35 to 40 hours with no additional pay.[12] Kleinfeld said that German workers “have to adjust and understand what the world is like” to remain competitive.[1][28][29] In just over two years, sales rose 16 percent, profits increased 35 percent, and shares soared 40 percent.[12][13] In January 2005 he was named CEO, succeeding Heinrich von Pierer.[30]
Kleinfeld’s plan to modernize the company led to conflict with defenders of Siemens’ traditional business culture.[12][31] Because of the traditional two-tier German governance structure, a supervisory board that included union and shareholder representatives balked at Kleinfeld's restructuring plans.[13][32] While his strategies were generally viewed positively by the worldwide financial press, Kleinfeld was criticized by German media, mostly for a perceived lack of social responsibility pertaining to Siemens workers.[33]
Under Kleinfeld’s leadership, the Siemens’ financially stricken mobile handset business was sold to Taiwan's BenQ in June 2005.[33] The division’s German subsidiary, BenQ Mobile GmbH & Co. OHG, declared bankruptcy about one year later when the Taiwanese parent enterprise stopped all funding, resulting in extensive redundancies.[34] This led to speculation in the German media that Siemens had off-loaded the division to avoid dealing with the fallout of its imminent demise.[31] At about the same time, Siemens' Supervisory Board increased the salary of the Siemens Managing Board by 30%.[35] In an attempt to limit damage over negative publicity, the board pledged their pay rises to a relief fund set up by Siemens to aid workers affected by the handset sale.[31][33] Prior to his role as CEO, Kleinfeld transformed Siemens Management Consulting into an effective partner for the global businesses and he contributed significantly to the profitable turnaround of Siemens’ regional business in the U.S. By April 2007, all Siemens Groups reached or exceeded target margins for the first time.[11]
Bribery investigation[edit]
In November 2006, a fraud investigation by the German government became public.[36] The investigation later found that Siemens maintained slush funds in secret bank accounts outside Germany that the company used to win contracts.[13][14][37] Once the investigation became public, Kleinfeld hired outside legal and auditing experts to conduct an independent investigation and revamp the company’s internal accounting and control practices and eliminate potential improper practices.[38] The independent investigation later found that the company paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bribes, which were legal in Germany until 1999, but that there were “no indications of personal misconduct or that Kleinfeld had any knowledge of events” related to the scandal.[39] Corruption charges were brought against Siemens by the SEC.[40] Kleinfeld and other former Siemens executives and board members were accused of “failing to prevent corruption".[41] No charges were brought against Kleinfeld and the Department of Justice cited Siemens’ cooperation and the independent investigation initiated by Kleinfeld as factors for reducing Siemens’ monetary penalty.[42]
In June 2007, Kleinfeld left Siemens, citing uncertainty about his future with the company after divisions among Siemens board members concerning the extension of his contract became public.[17][18][19] In September 2009, Siemens threatened to sue Kleinfeld and other former executives for supervisory failings and extended a settlement offer to compensate the company for millions of dollars in fines and damage to its “reputation."[43][44] Kleinfeld agreed to settle the matter for 2 million euros.[15][41]
Alcoa[edit]
In 2003, Kleinfeld became a member of Alcoa’s Board of Directors.[1] In August 2007, Alcoa appointed Kleinfeld president and chief operating officer.[45] In May 2008, he was named CEO, succeeding Alain J. P. Belda.[6][46] By the end of 2008, the world was experiencing the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression and the aluminum industry suffered a dramatic downturn. In April 2008, Alcoa reported that first-quarter profits fell more than 50% compared to the same period a year earlier.[20][46][47] In 2009, Alcoa stock, which hit a peak share price of $47 in July 2007, slumped to below $5.50 per share. Kleinfeld instituted a turnaround program that focused on strengthening cash flow and adding new responsibilities to senior leaders’ roles.[48]
In late 2009, Alcoa formed a joint venture with the Saudi Arabian Mining Company, Ma’aden, to build the lowest-cost aluminum facility in the world.[49][50] Toward the end of 2010, Alcoa’s stock rebounded to $15 per share.[20] In April 2010, Kleinfeld was named chairman of Alcoa.[1][6]
In 2012, Kleinfeld began closing a number of costly, outdated smelting facilities.[51] In 2013, Kleinfeld predicted continuing strong sales growth for Alcoa, citing a backlog in aerospace manufacturing and an increasing demand for lightweight aluminum products in the automotive and construction industries because of a “historic shift” toward fuel and energy efficiency.[52]
Kleinfeld has striven to reshape Alcoa from an aluminum-only company to a diversified lightweight multi-materials technology, engineering and manufacturing company and he directed the acquisition of three companies to position Alcoa to the aerospace business.[49][53][54] In November 2014, Alcoa completed a $2.85 billion acquisition of jet engine components manufacturer Firth Rixson.[55] In March 2015, the company acquired German titanium and aluminum castings supplier Tital.[56] Also in March 2015, Alcoa announced a $1.5 billion acquisition of global titanium supplier RTI International Metals.[53] Alcoa has also developed new markets for aluminum, such as the aluminum skin of Samsung Galaxy phones and stronger, more fuel-efficient aluminum truck wheels.[54]
Kleinfeld has implemented a transformation strategy to reduce the company's reliance on commodities, transforming it into a global leader in lightweight metals and increasing its reputation for manufacturing innovation.[7] On 28 September 2015, Alcoa completed its transformation with an announcement that it would split into two publicly traded companies the following year – a spin-off called Alcoa Corp., and another comprising the renamed Alcoa Inc., Arconic, which would hold onto Alcoa Inc.'s value-add mid- and downstream businesses.[8] Kleinfeld remained as Arconic's chairman and CEO following the split. Kleinfeld initially proposed to serve as chairman of the upstream company during the critical initial phase to ensure a smooth and effective transition.[10] However, the proposal to serve as chairman of the new upstream company was rejected by the board and Kleinfeld has no affiliation with the new company.
STEM education initiatives[edit]
Under Kleinfeld’s direction, Alcoa has supported STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) workforce development initiatives to train and educate students and teachers globally.[57] A July 2012 op-ed piece co-authored by Kleinfeld and Richard Haass, president of the Council on Foreign Relations, proposed closer business and government collaboration to narrow the STEM skills gap between the labor market and manufacturers.[58] In September 2013, President Obama appointed Kleinfeld to the President’s Advanced Manufacturing Partnership Steering Committee 2.0 for Alcoa’s continuing efforts to maintain U.S. leadership in emerging technologies.[59]
Arconic[edit]
On 1 November 2016, Alcoa separated its raw aluminum operation from business units that supply the aerospace and automotive markets.[60] The renamed Alcoa Inc., Arconic (ARNC), produces finished parts for the automotive and aerospace industries.[61] The spin-off retained is a newly created company Alcoa Corp., that retains the Alcoa name. Alcoa Corp. holds onto the raw aluminum operations. The split was announced in September 2015.[60] Kleinfeld serves as chairman and CEO of Arconic.[62]
Resignation from Arconic[edit]
On 31 January 2017, the hedge fund Elliott Management Corporation launched a proxy contest against the company. Elliott publicly called for the firing of Kleinfeld, citing the company’s lackluster stock performance, missed profit forecasts, and inefficient spending.[63] On 17 April 2017, Kleinfeld resigned as chairman and CEO by mutual agreement with the board of Arconic, after sending an unauthorized letter to Elliott.[64]
Boards[edit]
He is a member of the Bilderberg Group Steering Committee,[65] the Brookings Institution Board of Trustees,[66] the Foundation Board of the World Economic Forum,[67] the Board of the World Economic Forum USA,[67] and the Metropolitan Opera Advisory Board.[68] In 2009, Kleinfeld was named Chairman of the Board of the U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC), which promotes trade and investment between the U.S. and Russia.[69] In 2013, Kleinfeld joined the U.S.-China Business Council Board of Directors and is a member of the Chinese Premier’s Global CEO Advisory Council.[70] Previously, Kleinfeld served on the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG from 2005 to 2014, was a director of Citigroup Inc. from 2005 to 2007, and served as a member of the Managing Board of Siemens AG from 2004 to 2007.[71] Mr. Kleinfeld also served on the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley and Hewlett Packard Enterprise until April 2017.[72][73]
Awards and recognition[edit]
In December 2014, Kleinfeld received a Legend in Leadership Award from the Yale Chief Executive Leadership Institute.[74] Also in December 2014, Kleinfeld received a Dwight D. Eisenhower Global Leadership Award from the Business Council for International Understanding.[75][76] In May 2014, Kleinfeld was named CEO of the Year at the 2014 Platts Global Metals Awards.[77][78]
Personal life[edit]
Kleinfeld resides in New York with his wife, Birgit, and two children.[1][21]
Publications[edit]

Corporate Identity und strategische Unternehmensführung, Akademie-Verlag München 1994, ISBN 3-929115-16-6

References[edit]

^ a b c d e f g "Klaus Kleinfeld". Alcoa. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Meet Klaus Kleinfeld". Reuters. Retrieved 8 April 2013. 
^ "Alcoa Inc.". Bloomberg. 
^ "Arconic CEO Exits After ‘Poor Judgment’". Bloomberg. Retrieved 18 April 2017. 
^ Alcoa: News: News Releases: Klaus Kleinfeld Elected Alcoa President and Chief Operating Officer
^ a b c d "Executive Profile: Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld Ph.D.". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b Goldwyn Blumenthal, Robin. "Alcoa’s CEO Is Remaking the Industrial Giant". Barron's. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ a b Dow Jones Business News. "Alcoa to Split as Aluminum Glut Pressures Prices". CNBC. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ John W. Miller; Chelsey Dulaney. "Alcoa to Split as Aluminum Glut Pressures Prices". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ a b Sonja Elmquist; Joe Deaux. "Alcoa to Split in Two as CEO Kleinfeld’s Strategy Takes Hold". Washington Post. Retrieved 29 September 2015. 
^ a b c d "Chairmen of the Managing Board, Siemens AG". Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f DK Publishing (2009). 1000 CEOs. Penguin. ISBN 9780756661243. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Tricker, Bob (2009). Essentials for Board Directors: An A to Z Guide. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 9781576603543. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c Sak Onkvisit, John Shaw (2009). International Marketing: Strategy and Theory. Routledge. ISBN 9781135275471. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b Nicholson, Chris V. "Siemens to Collect Damages From Former Chiefs in Bribery Scandal". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Conklin, David W. (2010). The Global Environment of Business: New Paradigms for International Management. SAGE. ISBN 9781412950282. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Alcoa Hires Former Head of Siemens, and Expects Him to Succeed Its Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Siemens' Kleinfeld to step down as CEO". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Kleinfeld Throws in the Towel: Siemens CEO Undermined by Board". Spiegel. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d "Profile: Klaus Kleinfeld". European CEO. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b Cox, James. "CEO of U.S. unit made Siemens' profile sing". USA Today. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens' New Boss". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Aluminium Luminaries – Klaus Kleinfeld – Aluminium Insider". Aluminium Insider. 2016-01-21. Retrieved 2017-02-24. 
^ Lucks, Kai (2007). Transatlantic Mergers and Acquisitions. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 9783895786129. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Chairmen of the Managing Board, Siemens AG". www.siemens.com. Retrieved 2017-03-28. 
^ "Siemens Annual Report 2004" (PDF). Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens CEO Klaus Kleinfeld: "Nobody’s Perfect, but a Team Can Be". Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Flynn Vencat, Emily. "The Last Word: Klaus Kleinfeld". Newsweek. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Landler, Mark. "Siemens Chooses Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c The World from Berlin: Siemens Strikes Back - International - SPIEGEL ONLINE - News
^ Gerardo R. Ungson, Yim-Yu Wong (2014). Global Strategic Management. Routledge. ISBN 9781317469735. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c Canibol, Hans-Peter. "Siemens Hit With Bad Publicity. CEO Klaus Kleinfeld takes a few blows.". The Atlantic Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Blau, John. "Bankrupt BenQ Mobile sues parent again". Washington Post. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens feels pressure as staff shareholders plan rebellion at AGM". The Guardian. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "CHRONOLOGY: Twists in Siemens corruption scandal". Reuters. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Matthews, Christopher M. "Siemens Under Investigation For Payments To Russian Company". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Mark Landler, Carter Dougherty. "Scandal at Siemens Tarnishes Promising Results". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Sims, G. Thomas. "Siemens Chief Says He Will Step Down". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "SEC Charges Siemens AG for Engaging in Worldwide Bribery". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b http://news.muckety.com/2009/12/03/klaus-kleinfeld-settles-with-siemens-ag/22601
^ "DOJ Sentencing Memorandum" (PDF). U.S. District Court for the District Of Columbia. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Siemens offers former Managing Board members until mid of November 2009 to indicate willingness to settle corruption damages
^ "Germany: Siemens Plans Suit". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Alcoa Hires Former Head of Siemens, and Expects Him to Succeed Its Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b "Alcoa Names Chief Executive". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Kris Maher; Mike Esterl; Joann S. Lublin. "Alcoa Puts Faith in Ex-Siemens CEO". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Hotter, Andrea. "Turnaround Time". American Metal Market. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b "INTERVIEW: The Alcoa turnaround". MetalBulletin. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Saudi Arabian Mining Company Joint Venture". Alcoa. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Miller, John W. "Alcoa to Cut Capacity 12%". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Maria Bartiromo talks to Alcoa's Klaus Kleinfeld". USA Today. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b McGrath, Maggie. "Alcoa Acquiring Titanium Supplier RTI In $1.5 Billion Deal". Forbes. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b Stevenson, Abigail. "Big money about to flow into this stock". CNBC. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ De La Merced, Michael J. "Alcoa Buys Jet Engine Parts Maker Firth Rixson for $2.85 Billion". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Polek, Gregory. "Tital Acquisition to Expand Alcoa’s Aerospace Footprint". Aviation International News. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Today's CEO Leader in STEM: Klaus Kleinfeld of Alcoa". STEM Connector blog. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Column: Lack of skilled employees hurting manufacturing". USA Today. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Obama Taps Alcoa's Klaus Kleinfeld; 3D Printing; China Aluminum Price Up". MetalMiner. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b Stahl, George. "Alcoa’s official demerger gets mixed market reaction". The Australian. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ Whiteman, Lou. "Investors Flock to Alcoa Over Arconic Post-Split". TheStreet. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Arconic. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ BENOIT, DAVID. "AInside the Activist Battle That Felled Arconic’s Klaus Kleinfeld". Wall Street Journal. Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 18 April 2017. 
^ "Arconic CEO Klaus Kleinfeld steps down". The Wall Street Journal. 17 April 2017. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ "Steering Committee". Bilderberg Meetings. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Board of Trustees". Brookings Institution. Archived from the original on 5 July 2014. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b "World Economic Forum Announces New Foundation Board Members". World Economic Forum. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ Board of Directors. "The Metropolitan Opera". Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Steering Committee". U.S.-Russia Business Council. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "China’s Premier Meets Top Business Leaders in Davos". World Economic Forum. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Alcoa. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Kleinfeld to exit Morgan Stanley Board". Wall Street Jourrnal. Retrieved 21 April 2017. 
^ "Ousted Arconic CEO Kleinfeld Resigns From HP Enterprise Board". Wall Street Jourrnal. Retrieved 27 April 2017. 
^ "Yale Chief Executive Leadership Institute to Honor Klaus Kleinfeld, Chairman and CEO of Alcoa, with Legend in Leadership Award". Yale School of Management. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "BCIU Dwight D. Eisenhower Global Awards Gala". Business Council for International Understanding. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "The Business Council for International Understanding to Honor Klaus Kleinfeld, Pelè and Maurice Greenberg as 2014 Dwight D. Eisenhower Awards Recipients". Business Council for International Understanding. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "2014 Platts Global Metals Awards Winners". Platts. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Alcoa Chairman and CEO Klaus Kleinfeld Named Platts CEO of the Year as Company Transformation Accelerates". Alcoa. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 

External links[edit]

Siemens AG official website
Siemens Corporation USA official website
Alcoa official website



Preceded by
Heinrich von Pierer
CEO of Siemens AG
2005 – 2007
Succeeded by
Peter Löscher


Preceded by
Alain Belda
CEO of Alcoa Inc.
2008 – 2016
Succeeded by
Company renamed


Preceded by
New company
CEO of Arconic
2016 – 2017
Succeeded by
David Hess








v
t
e


Siemens



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Energy Sector

Siemens Wind Power


Industry Sector

Siemens Milltronics Process Instruments
Siemens Mobility
Siemens PLM Software


Siemens Financial Services
Siemens Healthineers
Siemens Canada
Siemens Mexico
Siemens Pakistan






Former and defunct




Acuson Corporation1
C. A. Parsons and Company1
Dispolok2
Helios AG2
Infineon Technologies2
Osram2
Roke Manor Research2
Siemens Communications1
Siemens Dematic2
Siemens Home and Office Communication Devices2
Siemens Hearing Instruments2
Siemens IT Solutions and Services2
Siemens Mobile2
Siemens VAI1
Siemens Nixdorf Informationssysteme2
Siemens Plessey2
Siemens VDO2
Wincor Nixdorf2
ROLM1








Joint ventures and
shareholdings





Current




A2SEA (49%)
AREVA NP (34%)
Atos (15%)
German Shanghai Metro Group
Primetals Technologies (49%)
Siemens Saudi Arabia






Former and defunct




BiiN
BSH Bosch and Siemens Home Appliances

Gaggenau
NEFF


Eurotrain
Fujitsu Siemens Computers
Krauss-Maffei
Nokia Siemens Networks (49.9%)
Siemens Matsushita Components
Unify GmbH & Co. KG (49%)








Predecessors



Siemens & Halske
Siemens-Schuckert
Siemens-Reiniger-Werke





Products, services
and projects





Current




FINEX
Locomotives
Multiple units
Siemens Modular Metro
Siemens Inspiro
Software products
Tram vehicles
Mobility projects






Defunct




Elektrische Viktoria
Mobile phones
Simatic S5 PLC
SIMpad








People



Wilfried Feldenkirchen
Joe Kaeser
Karlheinz Kaske
Klaus Kleinfeld
Peter Löscher
Bernhard Plettner
Heinrich von Pierer
Jim Reid-Anderson
Erich Reinhardt
Ernst von Siemens
Carl Friedrich von Siemens
Carl Heinrich von Siemens
Hermann von Siemens
Peter von Siemens
Werner von Siemens
Georg Wilhelm von Siemens
Carl Wilhelm Siemens
Gerd Tacke





Places



Großsiedlung Siemensstadt
Siemens Arena
Siemensstadt





Other



Phoebus cartel
Siemens Competition
Siemens Foundation
Siemens Open
Siemens scandal (Japan, 1914)
Siemens scandal (Greece, 2008)
Werner von Siemens Ring








1Now integrated into other Siemens divisions or business groupings 2Sold


 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Alcoa



Related companies



Alcoa Power Generating Inc.
Alcoa Tenn Federal Credit Union
Alcoa World Alumina and Chemicals
Halco Mining
Howmet Castings
Kawneer
Reynolds Group Holdings





People



Charles Martin Hall
Klaus Kleinfeld





Related articles



Alcoa, Tennessee
Lever House (Alcoa corporate headquarters)
United States v. Alcoa






Template:Arconic



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 74522537
LCCN: n94027910
GND: 113101805










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Klaus_Kleinfeld&oldid=788438195"					
Categories: German chief executivesAmerican people of German descentPeople from BremenLiving peopleMembers of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group1957 birthsSiemens peopleAlcoa peopleArconic peopleChief operating officersHidden categories: Use dmy dates from March 2017Articles with hCardsOfficial website not in WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisNederlandsРусскийSuomiSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 11:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Klaus Kleinfeld - Wikipedia





















 






Klaus Kleinfeld

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Klaus Kleinfeld





Born
Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld
(1957-11-06) 6 November 1957 (age 59)
Bremen, Germany


Nationality
German[1]


Citizenship
American


Alma mater
Diplom, Business Administration, University of Goettingen,
Göttingen, Germany
Ph.D., Strategic Management
University of Wuerzburg
Würzburg, Germany


Occupation
Ex-Chairman and CEO of Arconic


Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld (born 6 November 1957) was chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of Arconic. Kleinfeld is former chairman and CEO of Alcoa Inc., and former president and CEO of Siemens AG.[1][2][3] Kleinfeld stepped down as chairman and CEO of Arconic on 17 April 2017.[4]
In August 2007, Kleinfeld was appointed COO of New York, NY-based Alcoa Inc.[5] In May 2008, Kleinfeld was appointed CEO of Alcoa, succeeding Alain Belda. In April 2010, Kleinfeld was named chairman of Alcoa and continued to serve as CEO and Chairman of the Board until his resignation in April 2017.[1][6]
Since becoming Alcoa's CEO, Kleinfeld has implemented a transformation strategy to reduce the company's reliance on commodities, transforming it into a global leader in lightweight metals and increasing its reputation for manufacturing innovation.[7] On 28 September 2015, Alcoa completed its transformation with an announcement that it would split into two publicly traded companies the following year – one comprising Alcoa’s upstream businesses, and another comprising the Company’s value-add mid- and downstream businesses.[8] Kleinfeld will lead the value-add company as chairman and CEO and serve as chairman of the upstream company.[9] On completion of the split, he will continue to lead the new downstream company and will also serve as chairman of the upstream company during the critical initial phase to ensure a smooth and effective transition.[10]
Kleinfeld served as CEO of Munich, Germany-based Siemens AG from January 2005 until July 2007.[11] Kleinfeld’s efforts to modernize the company led to conflict with defenders of Siemens’ traditional business culture.[12] However, the company’s financial performance flourished.[12][13] Previously, Kleinfeld transformed Siemens Management Consulting into an effective partner for the global businesses.[11] He contributed significantly to the profitable turnaround of Siemens’ regional business in the U.S.[11]
In 2006, a German government investigation uncovered slush funds in secret bank accounts maintained by Siemens in order to win contracts.[13][14] Investigators found no evidence of wrongdoing by Kleinfeld and no charges were brought against him. In 2009, Kleinfeld, along with other former top Siemens executives, agreed to pay Siemens a sum to settle a related civil matter.[14][15][16] In June 2007, Kleinfeld left Siemens, citing uncertainty about his future with the company after divisions among Siemens board members concerning the extension of his contract became public.[17][18][19]
Kleinfeld started his career in 1982 by joining a specialized marketing consulting firm where he worked with clients such as Siemens, Henkel, Citibank, EFFEN, and various industry associations.[20]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 Siemens AG

2.1.1 Bribery investigation


2.2 Alcoa

2.2.1 STEM education initiatives


2.3 Arconic

2.3.1 Resignation from Arconic


2.4 Boards


3 Awards and recognition
4 Personal life
5 Publications
6 References
7 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld was born on 6 November 1957 in Bremen, Germany. He earned a business degree from Georg August University in Göttingen, Germany and a Ph.D. in management from the University of Würzburg in Würzburg, Germany.[20]
Career[edit]
In 1982, Kleinfeld began his career as a marketing consultant.[6] In 1986, he joined Ciba-Geigy, a multinational pharmaceutical company based in Basel, Switzerland, where he was a product manager in the company’s Pharmaceutical Division.[21]
Siemens AG[edit]
In 1987, Kleinfeld joined Munich-based Siemens AG, a global engineering and technology services firm based in the U.S. and Germany.[12] His first position was in the company’s Corporate Sales and Marketing unit, where he worked as a marketing research manager.[22] In 1990, he founded and led Siemens Management Consulting, an internal global partner for Siemens’ businesses that played a major role in the restructuring of many Siemens’ business units around the world and provided a foundation for Kleinfeld’s future operational and portfolio actions at Alcoa.[23]
In January 2001, Kleinfeld was promoted to chief operating officer (COO) of Siemens USA.[24] The recession in the U.S. had adversely impacted profits and Kleinfeld conceived a radical strategy to improve the performance of Siemens' operating companies. He also sought to fix, sell or close operations of recently acquired companies and create new cross-selling opportunities. Unprofitable operations were reduced from 24 to 8 and other cost-cutting measures saved an estimated $100 million.[25] From January 2005 to June 2007, Kleinfeld served as CEO of Siemens USA.[26]
In January 2004, Kleinfeld was appointed to Siemens’ Corporate Executive Committee. Also in 2004, Kleinfeld was appointed Vice President of Siemens AG.[27]
In 2004, Kleinfeld undertook instituting the customer- and shareholder-focused corporate culture, pressuring German unions to loosen labor rules and extending the German workweek from 35 to 40 hours with no additional pay.[12] Kleinfeld said that German workers “have to adjust and understand what the world is like” to remain competitive.[1][28][29] In just over two years, sales rose 16 percent, profits increased 35 percent, and shares soared 40 percent.[12][13] In January 2005 he was named CEO, succeeding Heinrich von Pierer.[30]
Kleinfeld’s plan to modernize the company led to conflict with defenders of Siemens’ traditional business culture.[12][31] Because of the traditional two-tier German governance structure, a supervisory board that included union and shareholder representatives balked at Kleinfeld's restructuring plans.[13][32] While his strategies were generally viewed positively by the worldwide financial press, Kleinfeld was criticized by German media, mostly for a perceived lack of social responsibility pertaining to Siemens workers.[33]
Under Kleinfeld’s leadership, the Siemens’ financially stricken mobile handset business was sold to Taiwan's BenQ in June 2005.[33] The division’s German subsidiary, BenQ Mobile GmbH & Co. OHG, declared bankruptcy about one year later when the Taiwanese parent enterprise stopped all funding, resulting in extensive redundancies.[34] This led to speculation in the German media that Siemens had off-loaded the division to avoid dealing with the fallout of its imminent demise.[31] At about the same time, Siemens' Supervisory Board increased the salary of the Siemens Managing Board by 30%.[35] In an attempt to limit damage over negative publicity, the board pledged their pay rises to a relief fund set up by Siemens to aid workers affected by the handset sale.[31][33] Prior to his role as CEO, Kleinfeld transformed Siemens Management Consulting into an effective partner for the global businesses and he contributed significantly to the profitable turnaround of Siemens’ regional business in the U.S. By April 2007, all Siemens Groups reached or exceeded target margins for the first time.[11]
Bribery investigation[edit]
In November 2006, a fraud investigation by the German government became public.[36] The investigation later found that Siemens maintained slush funds in secret bank accounts outside Germany that the company used to win contracts.[13][14][37] Once the investigation became public, Kleinfeld hired outside legal and auditing experts to conduct an independent investigation and revamp the company’s internal accounting and control practices and eliminate potential improper practices.[38] The independent investigation later found that the company paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bribes, which were legal in Germany until 1999, but that there were “no indications of personal misconduct or that Kleinfeld had any knowledge of events” related to the scandal.[39] Corruption charges were brought against Siemens by the SEC.[40] Kleinfeld and other former Siemens executives and board members were accused of “failing to prevent corruption".[41] No charges were brought against Kleinfeld and the Department of Justice cited Siemens’ cooperation and the independent investigation initiated by Kleinfeld as factors for reducing Siemens’ monetary penalty.[42]
In June 2007, Kleinfeld left Siemens, citing uncertainty about his future with the company after divisions among Siemens board members concerning the extension of his contract became public.[17][18][19] In September 2009, Siemens threatened to sue Kleinfeld and other former executives for supervisory failings and extended a settlement offer to compensate the company for millions of dollars in fines and damage to its “reputation."[43][44] Kleinfeld agreed to settle the matter for 2 million euros.[15][41]
Alcoa[edit]
In 2003, Kleinfeld became a member of Alcoa’s Board of Directors.[1] In August 2007, Alcoa appointed Kleinfeld president and chief operating officer.[45] In May 2008, he was named CEO, succeeding Alain J. P. Belda.[6][46] By the end of 2008, the world was experiencing the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression and the aluminum industry suffered a dramatic downturn. In April 2008, Alcoa reported that first-quarter profits fell more than 50% compared to the same period a year earlier.[20][46][47] In 2009, Alcoa stock, which hit a peak share price of $47 in July 2007, slumped to below $5.50 per share. Kleinfeld instituted a turnaround program that focused on strengthening cash flow and adding new responsibilities to senior leaders’ roles.[48]
In late 2009, Alcoa formed a joint venture with the Saudi Arabian Mining Company, Ma’aden, to build the lowest-cost aluminum facility in the world.[49][50] Toward the end of 2010, Alcoa’s stock rebounded to $15 per share.[20] In April 2010, Kleinfeld was named chairman of Alcoa.[1][6]
In 2012, Kleinfeld began closing a number of costly, outdated smelting facilities.[51] In 2013, Kleinfeld predicted continuing strong sales growth for Alcoa, citing a backlog in aerospace manufacturing and an increasing demand for lightweight aluminum products in the automotive and construction industries because of a “historic shift” toward fuel and energy efficiency.[52]
Kleinfeld has striven to reshape Alcoa from an aluminum-only company to a diversified lightweight multi-materials technology, engineering and manufacturing company and he directed the acquisition of three companies to position Alcoa to the aerospace business.[49][53][54] In November 2014, Alcoa completed a $2.85 billion acquisition of jet engine components manufacturer Firth Rixson.[55] In March 2015, the company acquired German titanium and aluminum castings supplier Tital.[56] Also in March 2015, Alcoa announced a $1.5 billion acquisition of global titanium supplier RTI International Metals.[53] Alcoa has also developed new markets for aluminum, such as the aluminum skin of Samsung Galaxy phones and stronger, more fuel-efficient aluminum truck wheels.[54]
Kleinfeld has implemented a transformation strategy to reduce the company's reliance on commodities, transforming it into a global leader in lightweight metals and increasing its reputation for manufacturing innovation.[7] On 28 September 2015, Alcoa completed its transformation with an announcement that it would split into two publicly traded companies the following year – a spin-off called Alcoa Corp., and another comprising the renamed Alcoa Inc., Arconic, which would hold onto Alcoa Inc.'s value-add mid- and downstream businesses.[8] Kleinfeld remained as Arconic's chairman and CEO following the split. Kleinfeld initially proposed to serve as chairman of the upstream company during the critical initial phase to ensure a smooth and effective transition.[10] However, the proposal to serve as chairman of the new upstream company was rejected by the board and Kleinfeld has no affiliation with the new company.
STEM education initiatives[edit]
Under Kleinfeld’s direction, Alcoa has supported STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) workforce development initiatives to train and educate students and teachers globally.[57] A July 2012 op-ed piece co-authored by Kleinfeld and Richard Haass, president of the Council on Foreign Relations, proposed closer business and government collaboration to narrow the STEM skills gap between the labor market and manufacturers.[58] In September 2013, President Obama appointed Kleinfeld to the President’s Advanced Manufacturing Partnership Steering Committee 2.0 for Alcoa’s continuing efforts to maintain U.S. leadership in emerging technologies.[59]
Arconic[edit]
On 1 November 2016, Alcoa separated its raw aluminum operation from business units that supply the aerospace and automotive markets.[60] The renamed Alcoa Inc., Arconic (ARNC), produces finished parts for the automotive and aerospace industries.[61] The spin-off retained is a newly created company Alcoa Corp., that retains the Alcoa name. Alcoa Corp. holds onto the raw aluminum operations. The split was announced in September 2015.[60] Kleinfeld serves as chairman and CEO of Arconic.[62]
Resignation from Arconic[edit]
On 31 January 2017, the hedge fund Elliott Management Corporation launched a proxy contest against the company. Elliott publicly called for the firing of Kleinfeld, citing the company’s lackluster stock performance, missed profit forecasts, and inefficient spending.[63] On 17 April 2017, Kleinfeld resigned as chairman and CEO by mutual agreement with the board of Arconic, after sending an unauthorized letter to Elliott.[64]
Boards[edit]
He is a member of the Bilderberg Group Steering Committee,[65] the Brookings Institution Board of Trustees,[66] the Foundation Board of the World Economic Forum,[67] the Board of the World Economic Forum USA,[67] and the Metropolitan Opera Advisory Board.[68] In 2009, Kleinfeld was named Chairman of the Board of the U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC), which promotes trade and investment between the U.S. and Russia.[69] In 2013, Kleinfeld joined the U.S.-China Business Council Board of Directors and is a member of the Chinese Premier’s Global CEO Advisory Council.[70] Previously, Kleinfeld served on the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG from 2005 to 2014, was a director of Citigroup Inc. from 2005 to 2007, and served as a member of the Managing Board of Siemens AG from 2004 to 2007.[71] Mr. Kleinfeld also served on the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley and Hewlett Packard Enterprise until April 2017.[72][73]
Awards and recognition[edit]
In December 2014, Kleinfeld received a Legend in Leadership Award from the Yale Chief Executive Leadership Institute.[74] Also in December 2014, Kleinfeld received a Dwight D. Eisenhower Global Leadership Award from the Business Council for International Understanding.[75][76] In May 2014, Kleinfeld was named CEO of the Year at the 2014 Platts Global Metals Awards.[77][78]
Personal life[edit]
Kleinfeld resides in New York with his wife, Birgit, and two children.[1][21]
Publications[edit]

Corporate Identity und strategische Unternehmensführung, Akademie-Verlag München 1994, ISBN 3-929115-16-6

References[edit]

^ a b c d e f g "Klaus Kleinfeld". Alcoa. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Meet Klaus Kleinfeld". Reuters. Retrieved 8 April 2013. 
^ "Alcoa Inc.". Bloomberg. 
^ "Arconic CEO Exits After ‘Poor Judgment’". Bloomberg. Retrieved 18 April 2017. 
^ Alcoa: News: News Releases: Klaus Kleinfeld Elected Alcoa President and Chief Operating Officer
^ a b c d "Executive Profile: Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld Ph.D.". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b Goldwyn Blumenthal, Robin. "Alcoa’s CEO Is Remaking the Industrial Giant". Barron's. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ a b Dow Jones Business News. "Alcoa to Split as Aluminum Glut Pressures Prices". CNBC. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ John W. Miller; Chelsey Dulaney. "Alcoa to Split as Aluminum Glut Pressures Prices". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ a b Sonja Elmquist; Joe Deaux. "Alcoa to Split in Two as CEO Kleinfeld’s Strategy Takes Hold". Washington Post. Retrieved 29 September 2015. 
^ a b c d "Chairmen of the Managing Board, Siemens AG". Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f DK Publishing (2009). 1000 CEOs. Penguin. ISBN 9780756661243. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Tricker, Bob (2009). Essentials for Board Directors: An A to Z Guide. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 9781576603543. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c Sak Onkvisit, John Shaw (2009). International Marketing: Strategy and Theory. Routledge. ISBN 9781135275471. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b Nicholson, Chris V. "Siemens to Collect Damages From Former Chiefs in Bribery Scandal". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Conklin, David W. (2010). The Global Environment of Business: New Paradigms for International Management. SAGE. ISBN 9781412950282. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Alcoa Hires Former Head of Siemens, and Expects Him to Succeed Its Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Siemens' Kleinfeld to step down as CEO". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Kleinfeld Throws in the Towel: Siemens CEO Undermined by Board". Spiegel. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d "Profile: Klaus Kleinfeld". European CEO. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b Cox, James. "CEO of U.S. unit made Siemens' profile sing". USA Today. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens' New Boss". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Aluminium Luminaries – Klaus Kleinfeld – Aluminium Insider". Aluminium Insider. 2016-01-21. Retrieved 2017-02-24. 
^ Lucks, Kai (2007). Transatlantic Mergers and Acquisitions. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 9783895786129. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Chairmen of the Managing Board, Siemens AG". www.siemens.com. Retrieved 2017-03-28. 
^ "Siemens Annual Report 2004" (PDF). Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens CEO Klaus Kleinfeld: "Nobody’s Perfect, but a Team Can Be". Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Flynn Vencat, Emily. "The Last Word: Klaus Kleinfeld". Newsweek. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Landler, Mark. "Siemens Chooses Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c The World from Berlin: Siemens Strikes Back - International - SPIEGEL ONLINE - News
^ Gerardo R. Ungson, Yim-Yu Wong (2014). Global Strategic Management. Routledge. ISBN 9781317469735. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c Canibol, Hans-Peter. "Siemens Hit With Bad Publicity. CEO Klaus Kleinfeld takes a few blows.". The Atlantic Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Blau, John. "Bankrupt BenQ Mobile sues parent again". Washington Post. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens feels pressure as staff shareholders plan rebellion at AGM". The Guardian. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "CHRONOLOGY: Twists in Siemens corruption scandal". Reuters. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Matthews, Christopher M. "Siemens Under Investigation For Payments To Russian Company". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Mark Landler, Carter Dougherty. "Scandal at Siemens Tarnishes Promising Results". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Sims, G. Thomas. "Siemens Chief Says He Will Step Down". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "SEC Charges Siemens AG for Engaging in Worldwide Bribery". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b http://news.muckety.com/2009/12/03/klaus-kleinfeld-settles-with-siemens-ag/22601
^ "DOJ Sentencing Memorandum" (PDF). U.S. District Court for the District Of Columbia. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Siemens offers former Managing Board members until mid of November 2009 to indicate willingness to settle corruption damages
^ "Germany: Siemens Plans Suit". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Alcoa Hires Former Head of Siemens, and Expects Him to Succeed Its Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b "Alcoa Names Chief Executive". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Kris Maher; Mike Esterl; Joann S. Lublin. "Alcoa Puts Faith in Ex-Siemens CEO". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Hotter, Andrea. "Turnaround Time". American Metal Market. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b "INTERVIEW: The Alcoa turnaround". MetalBulletin. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Saudi Arabian Mining Company Joint Venture". Alcoa. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Miller, John W. "Alcoa to Cut Capacity 12%". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Maria Bartiromo talks to Alcoa's Klaus Kleinfeld". USA Today. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b McGrath, Maggie. "Alcoa Acquiring Titanium Supplier RTI In $1.5 Billion Deal". Forbes. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b Stevenson, Abigail. "Big money about to flow into this stock". CNBC. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ De La Merced, Michael J. "Alcoa Buys Jet Engine Parts Maker Firth Rixson for $2.85 Billion". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Polek, Gregory. "Tital Acquisition to Expand Alcoa’s Aerospace Footprint". Aviation International News. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Today's CEO Leader in STEM: Klaus Kleinfeld of Alcoa". STEM Connector blog. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Column: Lack of skilled employees hurting manufacturing". USA Today. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Obama Taps Alcoa's Klaus Kleinfeld; 3D Printing; China Aluminum Price Up". MetalMiner. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b Stahl, George. "Alcoa’s official demerger gets mixed market reaction". The Australian. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ Whiteman, Lou. "Investors Flock to Alcoa Over Arconic Post-Split". TheStreet. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Arconic. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ BENOIT, DAVID. "AInside the Activist Battle That Felled Arconic’s Klaus Kleinfeld". Wall Street Journal. Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 18 April 2017. 
^ "Arconic CEO Klaus Kleinfeld steps down". The Wall Street Journal. 17 April 2017. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ "Steering Committee". Bilderberg Meetings. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Board of Trustees". Brookings Institution. Archived from the original on 5 July 2014. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b "World Economic Forum Announces New Foundation Board Members". World Economic Forum. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ Board of Directors. "The Metropolitan Opera". Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Steering Committee". U.S.-Russia Business Council. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "China’s Premier Meets Top Business Leaders in Davos". World Economic Forum. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Alcoa. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Kleinfeld to exit Morgan Stanley Board". Wall Street Jourrnal. Retrieved 21 April 2017. 
^ "Ousted Arconic CEO Kleinfeld Resigns From HP Enterprise Board". Wall Street Jourrnal. Retrieved 27 April 2017. 
^ "Yale Chief Executive Leadership Institute to Honor Klaus Kleinfeld, Chairman and CEO of Alcoa, with Legend in Leadership Award". Yale School of Management. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "BCIU Dwight D. Eisenhower Global Awards Gala". Business Council for International Understanding. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "The Business Council for International Understanding to Honor Klaus Kleinfeld, Pelè and Maurice Greenberg as 2014 Dwight D. Eisenhower Awards Recipients". Business Council for International Understanding. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "2014 Platts Global Metals Awards Winners". Platts. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Alcoa Chairman and CEO Klaus Kleinfeld Named Platts CEO of the Year as Company Transformation Accelerates". Alcoa. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 

External links[edit]

Siemens AG official website
Siemens Corporation USA official website
Alcoa official website



Preceded by
Heinrich von Pierer
CEO of Siemens AG
2005 – 2007
Succeeded by
Peter Löscher


Preceded by
Alain Belda
CEO of Alcoa Inc.
2008 – 2016
Succeeded by
Company renamed


Preceded by
New company
CEO of Arconic
2016 – 2017
Succeeded by
David Hess








v
t
e


Siemens



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Energy Sector

Siemens Wind Power


Industry Sector

Siemens Milltronics Process Instruments
Siemens Mobility
Siemens PLM Software


Siemens Financial Services
Siemens Healthineers
Siemens Canada
Siemens Mexico
Siemens Pakistan






Former and defunct




Acuson Corporation1
C. A. Parsons and Company1
Dispolok2
Helios AG2
Infineon Technologies2
Osram2
Roke Manor Research2
Siemens Communications1
Siemens Dematic2
Siemens Home and Office Communication Devices2
Siemens Hearing Instruments2
Siemens IT Solutions and Services2
Siemens Mobile2
Siemens VAI1
Siemens Nixdorf Informationssysteme2
Siemens Plessey2
Siemens VDO2
Wincor Nixdorf2
ROLM1








Joint ventures and
shareholdings





Current




A2SEA (49%)
AREVA NP (34%)
Atos (15%)
German Shanghai Metro Group
Primetals Technologies (49%)
Siemens Saudi Arabia






Former and defunct




BiiN
BSH Bosch and Siemens Home Appliances

Gaggenau
NEFF


Eurotrain
Fujitsu Siemens Computers
Krauss-Maffei
Nokia Siemens Networks (49.9%)
Siemens Matsushita Components
Unify GmbH & Co. KG (49%)








Predecessors



Siemens & Halske
Siemens-Schuckert
Siemens-Reiniger-Werke





Products, services
and projects





Current




FINEX
Locomotives
Multiple units
Siemens Modular Metro
Siemens Inspiro
Software products
Tram vehicles
Mobility projects






Defunct




Elektrische Viktoria
Mobile phones
Simatic S5 PLC
SIMpad








People



Wilfried Feldenkirchen
Joe Kaeser
Karlheinz Kaske
Klaus Kleinfeld
Peter Löscher
Bernhard Plettner
Heinrich von Pierer
Jim Reid-Anderson
Erich Reinhardt
Ernst von Siemens
Carl Friedrich von Siemens
Carl Heinrich von Siemens
Hermann von Siemens
Peter von Siemens
Werner von Siemens
Georg Wilhelm von Siemens
Carl Wilhelm Siemens
Gerd Tacke





Places



Großsiedlung Siemensstadt
Siemens Arena
Siemensstadt





Other



Phoebus cartel
Siemens Competition
Siemens Foundation
Siemens Open
Siemens scandal (Japan, 1914)
Siemens scandal (Greece, 2008)
Werner von Siemens Ring








1Now integrated into other Siemens divisions or business groupings 2Sold


 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Alcoa



Related companies



Alcoa Power Generating Inc.
Alcoa Tenn Federal Credit Union
Alcoa World Alumina and Chemicals
Halco Mining
Howmet Castings
Kawneer
Reynolds Group Holdings





People



Charles Martin Hall
Klaus Kleinfeld





Related articles



Alcoa, Tennessee
Lever House (Alcoa corporate headquarters)
United States v. Alcoa






Template:Arconic



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 74522537
LCCN: n94027910
GND: 113101805










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Klaus_Kleinfeld&oldid=788438195"					
Categories: German chief executivesAmerican people of German descentPeople from BremenLiving peopleMembers of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group1957 birthsSiemens peopleAlcoa peopleArconic peopleChief operating officersHidden categories: Use dmy dates from March 2017Articles with hCardsOfficial website not in WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisNederlandsРусскийSuomiSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 11:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Klaus Kleinfeld - Wikipedia





















 






Klaus Kleinfeld

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Klaus Kleinfeld





Born
Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld
(1957-11-06) 6 November 1957 (age 59)
Bremen, Germany


Nationality
German[1]


Citizenship
American


Alma mater
Diplom, Business Administration, University of Goettingen,
Göttingen, Germany
Ph.D., Strategic Management
University of Wuerzburg
Würzburg, Germany


Occupation
Ex-Chairman and CEO of Arconic


Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld (born 6 November 1957) was chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of Arconic. Kleinfeld is former chairman and CEO of Alcoa Inc., and former president and CEO of Siemens AG.[1][2][3] Kleinfeld stepped down as chairman and CEO of Arconic on 17 April 2017.[4]
In August 2007, Kleinfeld was appointed COO of New York, NY-based Alcoa Inc.[5] In May 2008, Kleinfeld was appointed CEO of Alcoa, succeeding Alain Belda. In April 2010, Kleinfeld was named chairman of Alcoa and continued to serve as CEO and Chairman of the Board until his resignation in April 2017.[1][6]
Since becoming Alcoa's CEO, Kleinfeld has implemented a transformation strategy to reduce the company's reliance on commodities, transforming it into a global leader in lightweight metals and increasing its reputation for manufacturing innovation.[7] On 28 September 2015, Alcoa completed its transformation with an announcement that it would split into two publicly traded companies the following year – one comprising Alcoa’s upstream businesses, and another comprising the Company’s value-add mid- and downstream businesses.[8] Kleinfeld will lead the value-add company as chairman and CEO and serve as chairman of the upstream company.[9] On completion of the split, he will continue to lead the new downstream company and will also serve as chairman of the upstream company during the critical initial phase to ensure a smooth and effective transition.[10]
Kleinfeld served as CEO of Munich, Germany-based Siemens AG from January 2005 until July 2007.[11] Kleinfeld’s efforts to modernize the company led to conflict with defenders of Siemens’ traditional business culture.[12] However, the company’s financial performance flourished.[12][13] Previously, Kleinfeld transformed Siemens Management Consulting into an effective partner for the global businesses.[11] He contributed significantly to the profitable turnaround of Siemens’ regional business in the U.S.[11]
In 2006, a German government investigation uncovered slush funds in secret bank accounts maintained by Siemens in order to win contracts.[13][14] Investigators found no evidence of wrongdoing by Kleinfeld and no charges were brought against him. In 2009, Kleinfeld, along with other former top Siemens executives, agreed to pay Siemens a sum to settle a related civil matter.[14][15][16] In June 2007, Kleinfeld left Siemens, citing uncertainty about his future with the company after divisions among Siemens board members concerning the extension of his contract became public.[17][18][19]
Kleinfeld started his career in 1982 by joining a specialized marketing consulting firm where he worked with clients such as Siemens, Henkel, Citibank, EFFEN, and various industry associations.[20]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 Siemens AG

2.1.1 Bribery investigation


2.2 Alcoa

2.2.1 STEM education initiatives


2.3 Arconic

2.3.1 Resignation from Arconic


2.4 Boards


3 Awards and recognition
4 Personal life
5 Publications
6 References
7 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld was born on 6 November 1957 in Bremen, Germany. He earned a business degree from Georg August University in Göttingen, Germany and a Ph.D. in management from the University of Würzburg in Würzburg, Germany.[20]
Career[edit]
In 1982, Kleinfeld began his career as a marketing consultant.[6] In 1986, he joined Ciba-Geigy, a multinational pharmaceutical company based in Basel, Switzerland, where he was a product manager in the company’s Pharmaceutical Division.[21]
Siemens AG[edit]
In 1987, Kleinfeld joined Munich-based Siemens AG, a global engineering and technology services firm based in the U.S. and Germany.[12] His first position was in the company’s Corporate Sales and Marketing unit, where he worked as a marketing research manager.[22] In 1990, he founded and led Siemens Management Consulting, an internal global partner for Siemens’ businesses that played a major role in the restructuring of many Siemens’ business units around the world and provided a foundation for Kleinfeld’s future operational and portfolio actions at Alcoa.[23]
In January 2001, Kleinfeld was promoted to chief operating officer (COO) of Siemens USA.[24] The recession in the U.S. had adversely impacted profits and Kleinfeld conceived a radical strategy to improve the performance of Siemens' operating companies. He also sought to fix, sell or close operations of recently acquired companies and create new cross-selling opportunities. Unprofitable operations were reduced from 24 to 8 and other cost-cutting measures saved an estimated $100 million.[25] From January 2005 to June 2007, Kleinfeld served as CEO of Siemens USA.[26]
In January 2004, Kleinfeld was appointed to Siemens’ Corporate Executive Committee. Also in 2004, Kleinfeld was appointed Vice President of Siemens AG.[27]
In 2004, Kleinfeld undertook instituting the customer- and shareholder-focused corporate culture, pressuring German unions to loosen labor rules and extending the German workweek from 35 to 40 hours with no additional pay.[12] Kleinfeld said that German workers “have to adjust and understand what the world is like” to remain competitive.[1][28][29] In just over two years, sales rose 16 percent, profits increased 35 percent, and shares soared 40 percent.[12][13] In January 2005 he was named CEO, succeeding Heinrich von Pierer.[30]
Kleinfeld’s plan to modernize the company led to conflict with defenders of Siemens’ traditional business culture.[12][31] Because of the traditional two-tier German governance structure, a supervisory board that included union and shareholder representatives balked at Kleinfeld's restructuring plans.[13][32] While his strategies were generally viewed positively by the worldwide financial press, Kleinfeld was criticized by German media, mostly for a perceived lack of social responsibility pertaining to Siemens workers.[33]
Under Kleinfeld’s leadership, the Siemens’ financially stricken mobile handset business was sold to Taiwan's BenQ in June 2005.[33] The division’s German subsidiary, BenQ Mobile GmbH & Co. OHG, declared bankruptcy about one year later when the Taiwanese parent enterprise stopped all funding, resulting in extensive redundancies.[34] This led to speculation in the German media that Siemens had off-loaded the division to avoid dealing with the fallout of its imminent demise.[31] At about the same time, Siemens' Supervisory Board increased the salary of the Siemens Managing Board by 30%.[35] In an attempt to limit damage over negative publicity, the board pledged their pay rises to a relief fund set up by Siemens to aid workers affected by the handset sale.[31][33] Prior to his role as CEO, Kleinfeld transformed Siemens Management Consulting into an effective partner for the global businesses and he contributed significantly to the profitable turnaround of Siemens’ regional business in the U.S. By April 2007, all Siemens Groups reached or exceeded target margins for the first time.[11]
Bribery investigation[edit]
In November 2006, a fraud investigation by the German government became public.[36] The investigation later found that Siemens maintained slush funds in secret bank accounts outside Germany that the company used to win contracts.[13][14][37] Once the investigation became public, Kleinfeld hired outside legal and auditing experts to conduct an independent investigation and revamp the company’s internal accounting and control practices and eliminate potential improper practices.[38] The independent investigation later found that the company paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bribes, which were legal in Germany until 1999, but that there were “no indications of personal misconduct or that Kleinfeld had any knowledge of events” related to the scandal.[39] Corruption charges were brought against Siemens by the SEC.[40] Kleinfeld and other former Siemens executives and board members were accused of “failing to prevent corruption".[41] No charges were brought against Kleinfeld and the Department of Justice cited Siemens’ cooperation and the independent investigation initiated by Kleinfeld as factors for reducing Siemens’ monetary penalty.[42]
In June 2007, Kleinfeld left Siemens, citing uncertainty about his future with the company after divisions among Siemens board members concerning the extension of his contract became public.[17][18][19] In September 2009, Siemens threatened to sue Kleinfeld and other former executives for supervisory failings and extended a settlement offer to compensate the company for millions of dollars in fines and damage to its “reputation."[43][44] Kleinfeld agreed to settle the matter for 2 million euros.[15][41]
Alcoa[edit]
In 2003, Kleinfeld became a member of Alcoa’s Board of Directors.[1] In August 2007, Alcoa appointed Kleinfeld president and chief operating officer.[45] In May 2008, he was named CEO, succeeding Alain J. P. Belda.[6][46] By the end of 2008, the world was experiencing the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression and the aluminum industry suffered a dramatic downturn. In April 2008, Alcoa reported that first-quarter profits fell more than 50% compared to the same period a year earlier.[20][46][47] In 2009, Alcoa stock, which hit a peak share price of $47 in July 2007, slumped to below $5.50 per share. Kleinfeld instituted a turnaround program that focused on strengthening cash flow and adding new responsibilities to senior leaders’ roles.[48]
In late 2009, Alcoa formed a joint venture with the Saudi Arabian Mining Company, Ma’aden, to build the lowest-cost aluminum facility in the world.[49][50] Toward the end of 2010, Alcoa’s stock rebounded to $15 per share.[20] In April 2010, Kleinfeld was named chairman of Alcoa.[1][6]
In 2012, Kleinfeld began closing a number of costly, outdated smelting facilities.[51] In 2013, Kleinfeld predicted continuing strong sales growth for Alcoa, citing a backlog in aerospace manufacturing and an increasing demand for lightweight aluminum products in the automotive and construction industries because of a “historic shift” toward fuel and energy efficiency.[52]
Kleinfeld has striven to reshape Alcoa from an aluminum-only company to a diversified lightweight multi-materials technology, engineering and manufacturing company and he directed the acquisition of three companies to position Alcoa to the aerospace business.[49][53][54] In November 2014, Alcoa completed a $2.85 billion acquisition of jet engine components manufacturer Firth Rixson.[55] In March 2015, the company acquired German titanium and aluminum castings supplier Tital.[56] Also in March 2015, Alcoa announced a $1.5 billion acquisition of global titanium supplier RTI International Metals.[53] Alcoa has also developed new markets for aluminum, such as the aluminum skin of Samsung Galaxy phones and stronger, more fuel-efficient aluminum truck wheels.[54]
Kleinfeld has implemented a transformation strategy to reduce the company's reliance on commodities, transforming it into a global leader in lightweight metals and increasing its reputation for manufacturing innovation.[7] On 28 September 2015, Alcoa completed its transformation with an announcement that it would split into two publicly traded companies the following year – a spin-off called Alcoa Corp., and another comprising the renamed Alcoa Inc., Arconic, which would hold onto Alcoa Inc.'s value-add mid- and downstream businesses.[8] Kleinfeld remained as Arconic's chairman and CEO following the split. Kleinfeld initially proposed to serve as chairman of the upstream company during the critical initial phase to ensure a smooth and effective transition.[10] However, the proposal to serve as chairman of the new upstream company was rejected by the board and Kleinfeld has no affiliation with the new company.
STEM education initiatives[edit]
Under Kleinfeld’s direction, Alcoa has supported STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) workforce development initiatives to train and educate students and teachers globally.[57] A July 2012 op-ed piece co-authored by Kleinfeld and Richard Haass, president of the Council on Foreign Relations, proposed closer business and government collaboration to narrow the STEM skills gap between the labor market and manufacturers.[58] In September 2013, President Obama appointed Kleinfeld to the President’s Advanced Manufacturing Partnership Steering Committee 2.0 for Alcoa’s continuing efforts to maintain U.S. leadership in emerging technologies.[59]
Arconic[edit]
On 1 November 2016, Alcoa separated its raw aluminum operation from business units that supply the aerospace and automotive markets.[60] The renamed Alcoa Inc., Arconic (ARNC), produces finished parts for the automotive and aerospace industries.[61] The spin-off retained is a newly created company Alcoa Corp., that retains the Alcoa name. Alcoa Corp. holds onto the raw aluminum operations. The split was announced in September 2015.[60] Kleinfeld serves as chairman and CEO of Arconic.[62]
Resignation from Arconic[edit]
On 31 January 2017, the hedge fund Elliott Management Corporation launched a proxy contest against the company. Elliott publicly called for the firing of Kleinfeld, citing the company’s lackluster stock performance, missed profit forecasts, and inefficient spending.[63] On 17 April 2017, Kleinfeld resigned as chairman and CEO by mutual agreement with the board of Arconic, after sending an unauthorized letter to Elliott.[64]
Boards[edit]
He is a member of the Bilderberg Group Steering Committee,[65] the Brookings Institution Board of Trustees,[66] the Foundation Board of the World Economic Forum,[67] the Board of the World Economic Forum USA,[67] and the Metropolitan Opera Advisory Board.[68] In 2009, Kleinfeld was named Chairman of the Board of the U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC), which promotes trade and investment between the U.S. and Russia.[69] In 2013, Kleinfeld joined the U.S.-China Business Council Board of Directors and is a member of the Chinese Premier’s Global CEO Advisory Council.[70] Previously, Kleinfeld served on the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG from 2005 to 2014, was a director of Citigroup Inc. from 2005 to 2007, and served as a member of the Managing Board of Siemens AG from 2004 to 2007.[71] Mr. Kleinfeld also served on the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley and Hewlett Packard Enterprise until April 2017.[72][73]
Awards and recognition[edit]
In December 2014, Kleinfeld received a Legend in Leadership Award from the Yale Chief Executive Leadership Institute.[74] Also in December 2014, Kleinfeld received a Dwight D. Eisenhower Global Leadership Award from the Business Council for International Understanding.[75][76] In May 2014, Kleinfeld was named CEO of the Year at the 2014 Platts Global Metals Awards.[77][78]
Personal life[edit]
Kleinfeld resides in New York with his wife, Birgit, and two children.[1][21]
Publications[edit]

Corporate Identity und strategische Unternehmensführung, Akademie-Verlag München 1994, ISBN 3-929115-16-6

References[edit]

^ a b c d e f g "Klaus Kleinfeld". Alcoa. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Meet Klaus Kleinfeld". Reuters. Retrieved 8 April 2013. 
^ "Alcoa Inc.". Bloomberg. 
^ "Arconic CEO Exits After ‘Poor Judgment’". Bloomberg. Retrieved 18 April 2017. 
^ Alcoa: News: News Releases: Klaus Kleinfeld Elected Alcoa President and Chief Operating Officer
^ a b c d "Executive Profile: Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld Ph.D.". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b Goldwyn Blumenthal, Robin. "Alcoa’s CEO Is Remaking the Industrial Giant". Barron's. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ a b Dow Jones Business News. "Alcoa to Split as Aluminum Glut Pressures Prices". CNBC. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ John W. Miller; Chelsey Dulaney. "Alcoa to Split as Aluminum Glut Pressures Prices". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ a b Sonja Elmquist; Joe Deaux. "Alcoa to Split in Two as CEO Kleinfeld’s Strategy Takes Hold". Washington Post. Retrieved 29 September 2015. 
^ a b c d "Chairmen of the Managing Board, Siemens AG". Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f DK Publishing (2009). 1000 CEOs. Penguin. ISBN 9780756661243. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Tricker, Bob (2009). Essentials for Board Directors: An A to Z Guide. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 9781576603543. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c Sak Onkvisit, John Shaw (2009). International Marketing: Strategy and Theory. Routledge. ISBN 9781135275471. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b Nicholson, Chris V. "Siemens to Collect Damages From Former Chiefs in Bribery Scandal". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Conklin, David W. (2010). The Global Environment of Business: New Paradigms for International Management. SAGE. ISBN 9781412950282. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Alcoa Hires Former Head of Siemens, and Expects Him to Succeed Its Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Siemens' Kleinfeld to step down as CEO". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Kleinfeld Throws in the Towel: Siemens CEO Undermined by Board". Spiegel. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d "Profile: Klaus Kleinfeld". European CEO. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b Cox, James. "CEO of U.S. unit made Siemens' profile sing". USA Today. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens' New Boss". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Aluminium Luminaries – Klaus Kleinfeld – Aluminium Insider". Aluminium Insider. 2016-01-21. Retrieved 2017-02-24. 
^ Lucks, Kai (2007). Transatlantic Mergers and Acquisitions. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 9783895786129. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Chairmen of the Managing Board, Siemens AG". www.siemens.com. Retrieved 2017-03-28. 
^ "Siemens Annual Report 2004" (PDF). Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens CEO Klaus Kleinfeld: "Nobody’s Perfect, but a Team Can Be". Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Flynn Vencat, Emily. "The Last Word: Klaus Kleinfeld". Newsweek. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Landler, Mark. "Siemens Chooses Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c The World from Berlin: Siemens Strikes Back - International - SPIEGEL ONLINE - News
^ Gerardo R. Ungson, Yim-Yu Wong (2014). Global Strategic Management. Routledge. ISBN 9781317469735. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c Canibol, Hans-Peter. "Siemens Hit With Bad Publicity. CEO Klaus Kleinfeld takes a few blows.". The Atlantic Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Blau, John. "Bankrupt BenQ Mobile sues parent again". Washington Post. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens feels pressure as staff shareholders plan rebellion at AGM". The Guardian. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "CHRONOLOGY: Twists in Siemens corruption scandal". Reuters. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Matthews, Christopher M. "Siemens Under Investigation For Payments To Russian Company". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Mark Landler, Carter Dougherty. "Scandal at Siemens Tarnishes Promising Results". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Sims, G. Thomas. "Siemens Chief Says He Will Step Down". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "SEC Charges Siemens AG for Engaging in Worldwide Bribery". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b http://news.muckety.com/2009/12/03/klaus-kleinfeld-settles-with-siemens-ag/22601
^ "DOJ Sentencing Memorandum" (PDF). U.S. District Court for the District Of Columbia. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Siemens offers former Managing Board members until mid of November 2009 to indicate willingness to settle corruption damages
^ "Germany: Siemens Plans Suit". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Alcoa Hires Former Head of Siemens, and Expects Him to Succeed Its Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b "Alcoa Names Chief Executive". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Kris Maher; Mike Esterl; Joann S. Lublin. "Alcoa Puts Faith in Ex-Siemens CEO". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Hotter, Andrea. "Turnaround Time". American Metal Market. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b "INTERVIEW: The Alcoa turnaround". MetalBulletin. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Saudi Arabian Mining Company Joint Venture". Alcoa. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Miller, John W. "Alcoa to Cut Capacity 12%". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Maria Bartiromo talks to Alcoa's Klaus Kleinfeld". USA Today. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b McGrath, Maggie. "Alcoa Acquiring Titanium Supplier RTI In $1.5 Billion Deal". Forbes. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b Stevenson, Abigail. "Big money about to flow into this stock". CNBC. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ De La Merced, Michael J. "Alcoa Buys Jet Engine Parts Maker Firth Rixson for $2.85 Billion". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Polek, Gregory. "Tital Acquisition to Expand Alcoa’s Aerospace Footprint". Aviation International News. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Today's CEO Leader in STEM: Klaus Kleinfeld of Alcoa". STEM Connector blog. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Column: Lack of skilled employees hurting manufacturing". USA Today. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Obama Taps Alcoa's Klaus Kleinfeld; 3D Printing; China Aluminum Price Up". MetalMiner. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b Stahl, George. "Alcoa’s official demerger gets mixed market reaction". The Australian. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ Whiteman, Lou. "Investors Flock to Alcoa Over Arconic Post-Split". TheStreet. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Arconic. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ BENOIT, DAVID. "AInside the Activist Battle That Felled Arconic’s Klaus Kleinfeld". Wall Street Journal. Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 18 April 2017. 
^ "Arconic CEO Klaus Kleinfeld steps down". The Wall Street Journal. 17 April 2017. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ "Steering Committee". Bilderberg Meetings. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Board of Trustees". Brookings Institution. Archived from the original on 5 July 2014. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b "World Economic Forum Announces New Foundation Board Members". World Economic Forum. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ Board of Directors. "The Metropolitan Opera". Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Steering Committee". U.S.-Russia Business Council. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "China’s Premier Meets Top Business Leaders in Davos". World Economic Forum. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Alcoa. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Kleinfeld to exit Morgan Stanley Board". Wall Street Jourrnal. Retrieved 21 April 2017. 
^ "Ousted Arconic CEO Kleinfeld Resigns From HP Enterprise Board". Wall Street Jourrnal. Retrieved 27 April 2017. 
^ "Yale Chief Executive Leadership Institute to Honor Klaus Kleinfeld, Chairman and CEO of Alcoa, with Legend in Leadership Award". Yale School of Management. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "BCIU Dwight D. Eisenhower Global Awards Gala". Business Council for International Understanding. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "The Business Council for International Understanding to Honor Klaus Kleinfeld, Pelè and Maurice Greenberg as 2014 Dwight D. Eisenhower Awards Recipients". Business Council for International Understanding. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "2014 Platts Global Metals Awards Winners". Platts. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Alcoa Chairman and CEO Klaus Kleinfeld Named Platts CEO of the Year as Company Transformation Accelerates". Alcoa. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 

External links[edit]

Siemens AG official website
Siemens Corporation USA official website
Alcoa official website



Preceded by
Heinrich von Pierer
CEO of Siemens AG
2005 – 2007
Succeeded by
Peter Löscher


Preceded by
Alain Belda
CEO of Alcoa Inc.
2008 – 2016
Succeeded by
Company renamed


Preceded by
New company
CEO of Arconic
2016 – 2017
Succeeded by
David Hess








v
t
e


Siemens



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Energy Sector

Siemens Wind Power


Industry Sector

Siemens Milltronics Process Instruments
Siemens Mobility
Siemens PLM Software


Siemens Financial Services
Siemens Healthineers
Siemens Canada
Siemens Mexico
Siemens Pakistan






Former and defunct




Acuson Corporation1
C. A. Parsons and Company1
Dispolok2
Helios AG2
Infineon Technologies2
Osram2
Roke Manor Research2
Siemens Communications1
Siemens Dematic2
Siemens Home and Office Communication Devices2
Siemens Hearing Instruments2
Siemens IT Solutions and Services2
Siemens Mobile2
Siemens VAI1
Siemens Nixdorf Informationssysteme2
Siemens Plessey2
Siemens VDO2
Wincor Nixdorf2
ROLM1








Joint ventures and
shareholdings





Current




A2SEA (49%)
AREVA NP (34%)
Atos (15%)
German Shanghai Metro Group
Primetals Technologies (49%)
Siemens Saudi Arabia






Former and defunct




BiiN
BSH Bosch and Siemens Home Appliances

Gaggenau
NEFF


Eurotrain
Fujitsu Siemens Computers
Krauss-Maffei
Nokia Siemens Networks (49.9%)
Siemens Matsushita Components
Unify GmbH & Co. KG (49%)








Predecessors



Siemens & Halske
Siemens-Schuckert
Siemens-Reiniger-Werke





Products, services
and projects





Current




FINEX
Locomotives
Multiple units
Siemens Modular Metro
Siemens Inspiro
Software products
Tram vehicles
Mobility projects






Defunct




Elektrische Viktoria
Mobile phones
Simatic S5 PLC
SIMpad








People



Wilfried Feldenkirchen
Joe Kaeser
Karlheinz Kaske
Klaus Kleinfeld
Peter Löscher
Bernhard Plettner
Heinrich von Pierer
Jim Reid-Anderson
Erich Reinhardt
Ernst von Siemens
Carl Friedrich von Siemens
Carl Heinrich von Siemens
Hermann von Siemens
Peter von Siemens
Werner von Siemens
Georg Wilhelm von Siemens
Carl Wilhelm Siemens
Gerd Tacke





Places



Großsiedlung Siemensstadt
Siemens Arena
Siemensstadt





Other



Phoebus cartel
Siemens Competition
Siemens Foundation
Siemens Open
Siemens scandal (Japan, 1914)
Siemens scandal (Greece, 2008)
Werner von Siemens Ring








1Now integrated into other Siemens divisions or business groupings 2Sold


 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Alcoa



Related companies



Alcoa Power Generating Inc.
Alcoa Tenn Federal Credit Union
Alcoa World Alumina and Chemicals
Halco Mining
Howmet Castings
Kawneer
Reynolds Group Holdings





People



Charles Martin Hall
Klaus Kleinfeld





Related articles



Alcoa, Tennessee
Lever House (Alcoa corporate headquarters)
United States v. Alcoa






Template:Arconic



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 74522537
LCCN: n94027910
GND: 113101805










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Klaus_Kleinfeld&oldid=788438195"					
Categories: German chief executivesAmerican people of German descentPeople from BremenLiving peopleMembers of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group1957 birthsSiemens peopleAlcoa peopleArconic peopleChief operating officersHidden categories: Use dmy dates from March 2017Articles with hCardsOfficial website not in WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisNederlandsРусскийSuomiSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 11:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











Klaus Kleinfeld - Wikipedia





















 






Klaus Kleinfeld

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Klaus Kleinfeld





Born
Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld
(1957-11-06) 6 November 1957 (age 59)
Bremen, Germany


Nationality
German[1]


Citizenship
American


Alma mater
Diplom, Business Administration, University of Goettingen,
Göttingen, Germany
Ph.D., Strategic Management
University of Wuerzburg
Würzburg, Germany


Occupation
Ex-Chairman and CEO of Arconic


Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld (born 6 November 1957) was chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of Arconic. Kleinfeld is former chairman and CEO of Alcoa Inc., and former president and CEO of Siemens AG.[1][2][3] Kleinfeld stepped down as chairman and CEO of Arconic on 17 April 2017.[4]
In August 2007, Kleinfeld was appointed COO of New York, NY-based Alcoa Inc.[5] In May 2008, Kleinfeld was appointed CEO of Alcoa, succeeding Alain Belda. In April 2010, Kleinfeld was named chairman of Alcoa and continued to serve as CEO and Chairman of the Board until his resignation in April 2017.[1][6]
Since becoming Alcoa's CEO, Kleinfeld has implemented a transformation strategy to reduce the company's reliance on commodities, transforming it into a global leader in lightweight metals and increasing its reputation for manufacturing innovation.[7] On 28 September 2015, Alcoa completed its transformation with an announcement that it would split into two publicly traded companies the following year – one comprising Alcoa’s upstream businesses, and another comprising the Company’s value-add mid- and downstream businesses.[8] Kleinfeld will lead the value-add company as chairman and CEO and serve as chairman of the upstream company.[9] On completion of the split, he will continue to lead the new downstream company and will also serve as chairman of the upstream company during the critical initial phase to ensure a smooth and effective transition.[10]
Kleinfeld served as CEO of Munich, Germany-based Siemens AG from January 2005 until July 2007.[11] Kleinfeld’s efforts to modernize the company led to conflict with defenders of Siemens’ traditional business culture.[12] However, the company’s financial performance flourished.[12][13] Previously, Kleinfeld transformed Siemens Management Consulting into an effective partner for the global businesses.[11] He contributed significantly to the profitable turnaround of Siemens’ regional business in the U.S.[11]
In 2006, a German government investigation uncovered slush funds in secret bank accounts maintained by Siemens in order to win contracts.[13][14] Investigators found no evidence of wrongdoing by Kleinfeld and no charges were brought against him. In 2009, Kleinfeld, along with other former top Siemens executives, agreed to pay Siemens a sum to settle a related civil matter.[14][15][16] In June 2007, Kleinfeld left Siemens, citing uncertainty about his future with the company after divisions among Siemens board members concerning the extension of his contract became public.[17][18][19]
Kleinfeld started his career in 1982 by joining a specialized marketing consulting firm where he worked with clients such as Siemens, Henkel, Citibank, EFFEN, and various industry associations.[20]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 Siemens AG

2.1.1 Bribery investigation


2.2 Alcoa

2.2.1 STEM education initiatives


2.3 Arconic

2.3.1 Resignation from Arconic


2.4 Boards


3 Awards and recognition
4 Personal life
5 Publications
6 References
7 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld was born on 6 November 1957 in Bremen, Germany. He earned a business degree from Georg August University in Göttingen, Germany and a Ph.D. in management from the University of Würzburg in Würzburg, Germany.[20]
Career[edit]
In 1982, Kleinfeld began his career as a marketing consultant.[6] In 1986, he joined Ciba-Geigy, a multinational pharmaceutical company based in Basel, Switzerland, where he was a product manager in the company’s Pharmaceutical Division.[21]
Siemens AG[edit]
In 1987, Kleinfeld joined Munich-based Siemens AG, a global engineering and technology services firm based in the U.S. and Germany.[12] His first position was in the company’s Corporate Sales and Marketing unit, where he worked as a marketing research manager.[22] In 1990, he founded and led Siemens Management Consulting, an internal global partner for Siemens’ businesses that played a major role in the restructuring of many Siemens’ business units around the world and provided a foundation for Kleinfeld’s future operational and portfolio actions at Alcoa.[23]
In January 2001, Kleinfeld was promoted to chief operating officer (COO) of Siemens USA.[24] The recession in the U.S. had adversely impacted profits and Kleinfeld conceived a radical strategy to improve the performance of Siemens' operating companies. He also sought to fix, sell or close operations of recently acquired companies and create new cross-selling opportunities. Unprofitable operations were reduced from 24 to 8 and other cost-cutting measures saved an estimated $100 million.[25] From January 2005 to June 2007, Kleinfeld served as CEO of Siemens USA.[26]
In January 2004, Kleinfeld was appointed to Siemens’ Corporate Executive Committee. Also in 2004, Kleinfeld was appointed Vice President of Siemens AG.[27]
In 2004, Kleinfeld undertook instituting the customer- and shareholder-focused corporate culture, pressuring German unions to loosen labor rules and extending the German workweek from 35 to 40 hours with no additional pay.[12] Kleinfeld said that German workers “have to adjust and understand what the world is like” to remain competitive.[1][28][29] In just over two years, sales rose 16 percent, profits increased 35 percent, and shares soared 40 percent.[12][13] In January 2005 he was named CEO, succeeding Heinrich von Pierer.[30]
Kleinfeld’s plan to modernize the company led to conflict with defenders of Siemens’ traditional business culture.[12][31] Because of the traditional two-tier German governance structure, a supervisory board that included union and shareholder representatives balked at Kleinfeld's restructuring plans.[13][32] While his strategies were generally viewed positively by the worldwide financial press, Kleinfeld was criticized by German media, mostly for a perceived lack of social responsibility pertaining to Siemens workers.[33]
Under Kleinfeld’s leadership, the Siemens’ financially stricken mobile handset business was sold to Taiwan's BenQ in June 2005.[33] The division’s German subsidiary, BenQ Mobile GmbH & Co. OHG, declared bankruptcy about one year later when the Taiwanese parent enterprise stopped all funding, resulting in extensive redundancies.[34] This led to speculation in the German media that Siemens had off-loaded the division to avoid dealing with the fallout of its imminent demise.[31] At about the same time, Siemens' Supervisory Board increased the salary of the Siemens Managing Board by 30%.[35] In an attempt to limit damage over negative publicity, the board pledged their pay rises to a relief fund set up by Siemens to aid workers affected by the handset sale.[31][33] Prior to his role as CEO, Kleinfeld transformed Siemens Management Consulting into an effective partner for the global businesses and he contributed significantly to the profitable turnaround of Siemens’ regional business in the U.S. By April 2007, all Siemens Groups reached or exceeded target margins for the first time.[11]
Bribery investigation[edit]
In November 2006, a fraud investigation by the German government became public.[36] The investigation later found that Siemens maintained slush funds in secret bank accounts outside Germany that the company used to win contracts.[13][14][37] Once the investigation became public, Kleinfeld hired outside legal and auditing experts to conduct an independent investigation and revamp the company’s internal accounting and control practices and eliminate potential improper practices.[38] The independent investigation later found that the company paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bribes, which were legal in Germany until 1999, but that there were “no indications of personal misconduct or that Kleinfeld had any knowledge of events” related to the scandal.[39] Corruption charges were brought against Siemens by the SEC.[40] Kleinfeld and other former Siemens executives and board members were accused of “failing to prevent corruption".[41] No charges were brought against Kleinfeld and the Department of Justice cited Siemens’ cooperation and the independent investigation initiated by Kleinfeld as factors for reducing Siemens’ monetary penalty.[42]
In June 2007, Kleinfeld left Siemens, citing uncertainty about his future with the company after divisions among Siemens board members concerning the extension of his contract became public.[17][18][19] In September 2009, Siemens threatened to sue Kleinfeld and other former executives for supervisory failings and extended a settlement offer to compensate the company for millions of dollars in fines and damage to its “reputation."[43][44] Kleinfeld agreed to settle the matter for 2 million euros.[15][41]
Alcoa[edit]
In 2003, Kleinfeld became a member of Alcoa’s Board of Directors.[1] In August 2007, Alcoa appointed Kleinfeld president and chief operating officer.[45] In May 2008, he was named CEO, succeeding Alain J. P. Belda.[6][46] By the end of 2008, the world was experiencing the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression and the aluminum industry suffered a dramatic downturn. In April 2008, Alcoa reported that first-quarter profits fell more than 50% compared to the same period a year earlier.[20][46][47] In 2009, Alcoa stock, which hit a peak share price of $47 in July 2007, slumped to below $5.50 per share. Kleinfeld instituted a turnaround program that focused on strengthening cash flow and adding new responsibilities to senior leaders’ roles.[48]
In late 2009, Alcoa formed a joint venture with the Saudi Arabian Mining Company, Ma’aden, to build the lowest-cost aluminum facility in the world.[49][50] Toward the end of 2010, Alcoa’s stock rebounded to $15 per share.[20] In April 2010, Kleinfeld was named chairman of Alcoa.[1][6]
In 2012, Kleinfeld began closing a number of costly, outdated smelting facilities.[51] In 2013, Kleinfeld predicted continuing strong sales growth for Alcoa, citing a backlog in aerospace manufacturing and an increasing demand for lightweight aluminum products in the automotive and construction industries because of a “historic shift” toward fuel and energy efficiency.[52]
Kleinfeld has striven to reshape Alcoa from an aluminum-only company to a diversified lightweight multi-materials technology, engineering and manufacturing company and he directed the acquisition of three companies to position Alcoa to the aerospace business.[49][53][54] In November 2014, Alcoa completed a $2.85 billion acquisition of jet engine components manufacturer Firth Rixson.[55] In March 2015, the company acquired German titanium and aluminum castings supplier Tital.[56] Also in March 2015, Alcoa announced a $1.5 billion acquisition of global titanium supplier RTI International Metals.[53] Alcoa has also developed new markets for aluminum, such as the aluminum skin of Samsung Galaxy phones and stronger, more fuel-efficient aluminum truck wheels.[54]
Kleinfeld has implemented a transformation strategy to reduce the company's reliance on commodities, transforming it into a global leader in lightweight metals and increasing its reputation for manufacturing innovation.[7] On 28 September 2015, Alcoa completed its transformation with an announcement that it would split into two publicly traded companies the following year – a spin-off called Alcoa Corp., and another comprising the renamed Alcoa Inc., Arconic, which would hold onto Alcoa Inc.'s value-add mid- and downstream businesses.[8] Kleinfeld remained as Arconic's chairman and CEO following the split. Kleinfeld initially proposed to serve as chairman of the upstream company during the critical initial phase to ensure a smooth and effective transition.[10] However, the proposal to serve as chairman of the new upstream company was rejected by the board and Kleinfeld has no affiliation with the new company.
STEM education initiatives[edit]
Under Kleinfeld’s direction, Alcoa has supported STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) workforce development initiatives to train and educate students and teachers globally.[57] A July 2012 op-ed piece co-authored by Kleinfeld and Richard Haass, president of the Council on Foreign Relations, proposed closer business and government collaboration to narrow the STEM skills gap between the labor market and manufacturers.[58] In September 2013, President Obama appointed Kleinfeld to the President’s Advanced Manufacturing Partnership Steering Committee 2.0 for Alcoa’s continuing efforts to maintain U.S. leadership in emerging technologies.[59]
Arconic[edit]
On 1 November 2016, Alcoa separated its raw aluminum operation from business units that supply the aerospace and automotive markets.[60] The renamed Alcoa Inc., Arconic (ARNC), produces finished parts for the automotive and aerospace industries.[61] The spin-off retained is a newly created company Alcoa Corp., that retains the Alcoa name. Alcoa Corp. holds onto the raw aluminum operations. The split was announced in September 2015.[60] Kleinfeld serves as chairman and CEO of Arconic.[62]
Resignation from Arconic[edit]
On 31 January 2017, the hedge fund Elliott Management Corporation launched a proxy contest against the company. Elliott publicly called for the firing of Kleinfeld, citing the company’s lackluster stock performance, missed profit forecasts, and inefficient spending.[63] On 17 April 2017, Kleinfeld resigned as chairman and CEO by mutual agreement with the board of Arconic, after sending an unauthorized letter to Elliott.[64]
Boards[edit]
He is a member of the Bilderberg Group Steering Committee,[65] the Brookings Institution Board of Trustees,[66] the Foundation Board of the World Economic Forum,[67] the Board of the World Economic Forum USA,[67] and the Metropolitan Opera Advisory Board.[68] In 2009, Kleinfeld was named Chairman of the Board of the U.S.-Russia Business Council (USRBC), which promotes trade and investment between the U.S. and Russia.[69] In 2013, Kleinfeld joined the U.S.-China Business Council Board of Directors and is a member of the Chinese Premier’s Global CEO Advisory Council.[70] Previously, Kleinfeld served on the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG from 2005 to 2014, was a director of Citigroup Inc. from 2005 to 2007, and served as a member of the Managing Board of Siemens AG from 2004 to 2007.[71] Mr. Kleinfeld also served on the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley and Hewlett Packard Enterprise until April 2017.[72][73]
Awards and recognition[edit]
In December 2014, Kleinfeld received a Legend in Leadership Award from the Yale Chief Executive Leadership Institute.[74] Also in December 2014, Kleinfeld received a Dwight D. Eisenhower Global Leadership Award from the Business Council for International Understanding.[75][76] In May 2014, Kleinfeld was named CEO of the Year at the 2014 Platts Global Metals Awards.[77][78]
Personal life[edit]
Kleinfeld resides in New York with his wife, Birgit, and two children.[1][21]
Publications[edit]

Corporate Identity und strategische Unternehmensführung, Akademie-Verlag München 1994, ISBN 3-929115-16-6

References[edit]

^ a b c d e f g "Klaus Kleinfeld". Alcoa. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Meet Klaus Kleinfeld". Reuters. Retrieved 8 April 2013. 
^ "Alcoa Inc.". Bloomberg. 
^ "Arconic CEO Exits After ‘Poor Judgment’". Bloomberg. Retrieved 18 April 2017. 
^ Alcoa: News: News Releases: Klaus Kleinfeld Elected Alcoa President and Chief Operating Officer
^ a b c d "Executive Profile: Klaus-Christian Kleinfeld Ph.D.". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b Goldwyn Blumenthal, Robin. "Alcoa’s CEO Is Remaking the Industrial Giant". Barron's. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ a b Dow Jones Business News. "Alcoa to Split as Aluminum Glut Pressures Prices". CNBC. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ John W. Miller; Chelsey Dulaney. "Alcoa to Split as Aluminum Glut Pressures Prices". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 28 September 2015. 
^ a b Sonja Elmquist; Joe Deaux. "Alcoa to Split in Two as CEO Kleinfeld’s Strategy Takes Hold". Washington Post. Retrieved 29 September 2015. 
^ a b c d "Chairmen of the Managing Board, Siemens AG". Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e f DK Publishing (2009). 1000 CEOs. Penguin. ISBN 9780756661243. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d e Tricker, Bob (2009). Essentials for Board Directors: An A to Z Guide. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 9781576603543. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c Sak Onkvisit, John Shaw (2009). International Marketing: Strategy and Theory. Routledge. ISBN 9781135275471. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b Nicholson, Chris V. "Siemens to Collect Damages From Former Chiefs in Bribery Scandal". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Conklin, David W. (2010). The Global Environment of Business: New Paradigms for International Management. SAGE. ISBN 9781412950282. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Alcoa Hires Former Head of Siemens, and Expects Him to Succeed Its Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Siemens' Kleinfeld to step down as CEO". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b "Kleinfeld Throws in the Towel: Siemens CEO Undermined by Board". Spiegel. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c d "Profile: Klaus Kleinfeld". European CEO. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b Cox, James. "CEO of U.S. unit made Siemens' profile sing". USA Today. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens' New Boss". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Aluminium Luminaries – Klaus Kleinfeld – Aluminium Insider". Aluminium Insider. 2016-01-21. Retrieved 2017-02-24. 
^ Lucks, Kai (2007). Transatlantic Mergers and Acquisitions. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 9783895786129. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Chairmen of the Managing Board, Siemens AG". www.siemens.com. Retrieved 2017-03-28. 
^ "Siemens Annual Report 2004" (PDF). Siemens. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens CEO Klaus Kleinfeld: "Nobody’s Perfect, but a Team Can Be". Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Flynn Vencat, Emily. "The Last Word: Klaus Kleinfeld". Newsweek. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Landler, Mark. "Siemens Chooses Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c The World from Berlin: Siemens Strikes Back - International - SPIEGEL ONLINE - News
^ Gerardo R. Ungson, Yim-Yu Wong (2014). Global Strategic Management. Routledge. ISBN 9781317469735. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b c Canibol, Hans-Peter. "Siemens Hit With Bad Publicity. CEO Klaus Kleinfeld takes a few blows.". The Atlantic Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Blau, John. "Bankrupt BenQ Mobile sues parent again". Washington Post. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Siemens feels pressure as staff shareholders plan rebellion at AGM". The Guardian. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "CHRONOLOGY: Twists in Siemens corruption scandal". Reuters. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Matthews, Christopher M. "Siemens Under Investigation For Payments To Russian Company". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Mark Landler, Carter Dougherty. "Scandal at Siemens Tarnishes Promising Results". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Sims, G. Thomas. "Siemens Chief Says He Will Step Down". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "SEC Charges Siemens AG for Engaging in Worldwide Bribery". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ a b http://news.muckety.com/2009/12/03/klaus-kleinfeld-settles-with-siemens-ag/22601
^ "DOJ Sentencing Memorandum" (PDF). U.S. District Court for the District Of Columbia. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ Siemens offers former Managing Board members until mid of November 2009 to indicate willingness to settle corruption damages
^ "Germany: Siemens Plans Suit". New York Times. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Alcoa Hires Former Head of Siemens, and Expects Him to Succeed Its Chief". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b "Alcoa Names Chief Executive". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Kris Maher; Mike Esterl; Joann S. Lublin. "Alcoa Puts Faith in Ex-Siemens CEO". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Hotter, Andrea. "Turnaround Time". American Metal Market. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b "INTERVIEW: The Alcoa turnaround". MetalBulletin. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Saudi Arabian Mining Company Joint Venture". Alcoa. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Miller, John W. "Alcoa to Cut Capacity 12%". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Maria Bartiromo talks to Alcoa's Klaus Kleinfeld". USA Today. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b McGrath, Maggie. "Alcoa Acquiring Titanium Supplier RTI In $1.5 Billion Deal". Forbes. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b Stevenson, Abigail. "Big money about to flow into this stock". CNBC. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ De La Merced, Michael J. "Alcoa Buys Jet Engine Parts Maker Firth Rixson for $2.85 Billion". New York Times. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ Polek, Gregory. "Tital Acquisition to Expand Alcoa’s Aerospace Footprint". Aviation International News. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Today's CEO Leader in STEM: Klaus Kleinfeld of Alcoa". STEM Connector blog. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Column: Lack of skilled employees hurting manufacturing". USA Today. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ "Obama Taps Alcoa's Klaus Kleinfeld; 3D Printing; China Aluminum Price Up". MetalMiner. Retrieved 21 June 2015. 
^ a b Stahl, George. "Alcoa’s official demerger gets mixed market reaction". The Australian. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ Whiteman, Lou. "Investors Flock to Alcoa Over Arconic Post-Split". TheStreet. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Arconic. Retrieved 9 November 2016. 
^ BENOIT, DAVID. "AInside the Activist Battle That Felled Arconic’s Klaus Kleinfeld". Wall Street Journal. Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 18 April 2017. 
^ "Arconic CEO Klaus Kleinfeld steps down". The Wall Street Journal. 17 April 2017. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ "Steering Committee". Bilderberg Meetings. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Board of Trustees". Brookings Institution. Archived from the original on 5 July 2014. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ a b "World Economic Forum Announces New Foundation Board Members". World Economic Forum. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ Board of Directors. "The Metropolitan Opera". Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Steering Committee". U.S.-Russia Business Council. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "China’s Premier Meets Top Business Leaders in Davos". World Economic Forum. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Klaus Kleinfeld". Alcoa. Retrieved 17 June 2015. 
^ "Kleinfeld to exit Morgan Stanley Board". Wall Street Jourrnal. Retrieved 21 April 2017. 
^ "Ousted Arconic CEO Kleinfeld Resigns From HP Enterprise Board". Wall Street Jourrnal. Retrieved 27 April 2017. 
^ "Yale Chief Executive Leadership Institute to Honor Klaus Kleinfeld, Chairman and CEO of Alcoa, with Legend in Leadership Award". Yale School of Management. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "BCIU Dwight D. Eisenhower Global Awards Gala". Business Council for International Understanding. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "The Business Council for International Understanding to Honor Klaus Kleinfeld, Pelè and Maurice Greenberg as 2014 Dwight D. Eisenhower Awards Recipients". Business Council for International Understanding. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "2014 Platts Global Metals Awards Winners". Platts. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 
^ "Alcoa Chairman and CEO Klaus Kleinfeld Named Platts CEO of the Year as Company Transformation Accelerates". Alcoa. Retrieved 24 June 2015. 

External links[edit]

Siemens AG official website
Siemens Corporation USA official website
Alcoa official website



Preceded by
Heinrich von Pierer
CEO of Siemens AG
2005 – 2007
Succeeded by
Peter Löscher


Preceded by
Alain Belda
CEO of Alcoa Inc.
2008 – 2016
Succeeded by
Company renamed


Preceded by
New company
CEO of Arconic
2016 – 2017
Succeeded by
David Hess








v
t
e


Siemens



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Energy Sector

Siemens Wind Power


Industry Sector

Siemens Milltronics Process Instruments
Siemens Mobility
Siemens PLM Software


Siemens Financial Services
Siemens Healthineers
Siemens Canada
Siemens Mexico
Siemens Pakistan






Former and defunct




Acuson Corporation1
C. A. Parsons and Company1
Dispolok2
Helios AG2
Infineon Technologies2
Osram2
Roke Manor Research2
Siemens Communications1
Siemens Dematic2
Siemens Home and Office Communication Devices2
Siemens Hearing Instruments2
Siemens IT Solutions and Services2
Siemens Mobile2
Siemens VAI1
Siemens Nixdorf Informationssysteme2
Siemens Plessey2
Siemens VDO2
Wincor Nixdorf2
ROLM1








Joint ventures and
shareholdings





Current




A2SEA (49%)
AREVA NP (34%)
Atos (15%)
German Shanghai Metro Group
Primetals Technologies (49%)
Siemens Saudi Arabia






Former and defunct




BiiN
BSH Bosch and Siemens Home Appliances

Gaggenau
NEFF


Eurotrain
Fujitsu Siemens Computers
Krauss-Maffei
Nokia Siemens Networks (49.9%)
Siemens Matsushita Components
Unify GmbH & Co. KG (49%)








Predecessors



Siemens & Halske
Siemens-Schuckert
Siemens-Reiniger-Werke





Products, services
and projects





Current




FINEX
Locomotives
Multiple units
Siemens Modular Metro
Siemens Inspiro
Software products
Tram vehicles
Mobility projects






Defunct




Elektrische Viktoria
Mobile phones
Simatic S5 PLC
SIMpad








People



Wilfried Feldenkirchen
Joe Kaeser
Karlheinz Kaske
Klaus Kleinfeld
Peter Löscher
Bernhard Plettner
Heinrich von Pierer
Jim Reid-Anderson
Erich Reinhardt
Ernst von Siemens
Carl Friedrich von Siemens
Carl Heinrich von Siemens
Hermann von Siemens
Peter von Siemens
Werner von Siemens
Georg Wilhelm von Siemens
Carl Wilhelm Siemens
Gerd Tacke





Places



Großsiedlung Siemensstadt
Siemens Arena
Siemensstadt





Other



Phoebus cartel
Siemens Competition
Siemens Foundation
Siemens Open
Siemens scandal (Japan, 1914)
Siemens scandal (Greece, 2008)
Werner von Siemens Ring








1Now integrated into other Siemens divisions or business groupings 2Sold


 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Alcoa



Related companies



Alcoa Power Generating Inc.
Alcoa Tenn Federal Credit Union
Alcoa World Alumina and Chemicals
Halco Mining
Howmet Castings
Kawneer
Reynolds Group Holdings





People



Charles Martin Hall
Klaus Kleinfeld





Related articles



Alcoa, Tennessee
Lever House (Alcoa corporate headquarters)
United States v. Alcoa






Template:Arconic



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 74522537
LCCN: n94027910
GND: 113101805










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Klaus_Kleinfeld&oldid=788438195"					
Categories: German chief executivesAmerican people of German descentPeople from BremenLiving peopleMembers of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group1957 birthsSiemens peopleAlcoa peopleArconic peopleChief operating officersHidden categories: Use dmy dates from March 2017Articles with hCardsOfficial website not in WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisNederlandsРусскийSuomiSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 11:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






TrialX |   Page not found
       

AppbakeryiConnectTrialspaceDoryCureTalks8th Grade Media 














404 - Page not found
 The page you are looking for is not found The page you are looking for does not exist. It may have been moved, or removed altogether. Perhaps you can return back to the site’s homepage and see if you can find what you are looking for. Back to homepage          Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
