 






Barbara Klencke, Chief Development Officer, ProNAi Therapeutics


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Barbara Klencke



Chief Development Officer
at
ProNAi Therapeutics


Location: San Francisco Bay Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Barbara Klencke



Chief Development Officer
at
ProNAi Therapeutics


Location: San Francisco Bay Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Barbara Klencke, M.D. is Senior Vice President, Development responsible for the development functions of Biometrics, Clinical Operations, Clinical Science, Medical Writing, Regulatory Affairs, Clinical Pharmacology and Project Management. She joined Onyx in 2011 after serving as Group Medical Director in Product Development, Oncology at Genentech, Inc. where she led clinical teams on molecules that have since made great advances for patients as marketed oncology medicines. Dr. Klencke’s interest in drug development began after a 20 year career delivering patient care, initially in nursing and then in medicine, including many years teaching medicine and pursing clinical research at the University of California at San Francisco where she also completed her training in Hematology and Oncology. She earned her medical degree at the University of California at Davis and her bachelor’s degree in Nursing from Indiana University at Bloomington.



5

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
R&D in Biotech, Environmental and various industries (no marketing product yet)




Tags
Oncology, Clinical Trials, Clinical Development




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Barbara KlenckeCareer (5)






Jun-2015




ProNAi Therapeutics



Chief Development Officer







Jan-2011 to Jun-2015




Onyx Pharmaceuticals



Sr VP, Development







2003 to Jan-2011




Genentech



Group Medical Director







Aug-2002 to Jul-2003




Chiron/ Novartis



Medical Director







Jun-1995 to Jul-2002




UCSF Medical Center



Assistant Professor of Medicine








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Barbara KlenckeEducation






1990



University of California, Davis - School of Medicine


Medicine









 Edit



Barbara KlenckeAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Barbara Klencke






 Edit



Barbara KlenckeLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Barbara Klencke









Barbara KlenckeInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Barbara Klencke









Barbara KlenckeInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Barbara Klencke








Barbara KlenckeRelated People








Colleagues at ProNAi Therapeutics







Christian Hassig

Senior Vice President of Research
Jun-2016









Keith Anderson

SVP Technical Operations
2015









Gregg   Smith

Vice President, Preclinical
Nov-2015









Diane Gardiner

Vice President, Human Resources
Feb-2015








View all 
Peers (12)







Jeff Packman

Chief Development Officer of Clementia Pharmaceuticals









Steven Gelone

Chief Development Officer of Nabriva Therapeutics









Ken  Bartizal

Chief Development Officer of Cidara Therapeutics









Steve Wigginton

Chief Development Officer of Evolent Health









Roni Mamluk

Chief Development Officer of Chiasma









Lawrence Friedhoff

Chief Development Officer of Axovant Sciences












View all 



Barbara KlenckeRecommended Market Profiles (2)








Healthcare Venture Deals

5,000 - 10,000 employees
123 companies








Healthcare IPO Companies

10,000 or More employees
81 companies


















    Barbara Klencke | Onyx Pharmaceuticals , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com




















 



 ProNAi Appoints Dr. Barbara Klencke as Chief Development Officer 
         










    










 






 











 









ProNAi Appoints Dr. Barbara Klencke as Chief Development Officer

Jun 23, 2015, 08:00 ET
		  		  						
						 from   ProNAi Therapeutics Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


VANCOUVER, June 23, 2015 /PRNewswire/ - ProNAi Therapeutics Inc., a clinical-stage oncology company pioneering a novel class of therapeutics based on its proprietary DNAi technology platform, today announced that it has appointed Dr. Barbara Klencke, M.D., as Chief Development Officer. Dr. Klencke is an accomplished oncology drug developer with a demonstrable track record of success, having made substantial contributions to the development and approval of numerous significant oncology products, including Kyprolis, Kadcyla, Avastin and Tarceva. 
"Barbara has extensive experience leading the strategic development of novel oncology compounds and advancing these products successfully through the registration process," said Dr. Nick Glover, President and CEO of ProNAi Therapeutics. "Our ability to attract such a highly-respected strategic drug development expert as Dr. Klencke reflects the scope of the opportunity for our lead DNAi-based cancer drug, PNT2258, and for the broader potential of the DNAi technology platform underlying our novel approach to treating cancer."
Previously, Dr. Klencke served as the Senior Vice President, Development at Onyx Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Amgen Inc., from January 2011 to June 2015, and prior to that was the Group Medical Director in Product Development, Oncology at Genentech, Inc., having joined the company in July 2003. In this period, she led a variety of oncology programs including those for Kyprolis (carfilzomib), Kadcyla (ado-trastuzumab emtansine), Avastin (bevacizumab), and Tarceva (erlotinib). Prior to that, Dr. Klencke served as the Medical Director at Chiron Corporation, a biotechnology company later acquired by Novartis International AG, and as an Assistant Professor of Medicine at the University of California, San Francisco Medical Center. Dr. Klencke holds a B.S. from Indiana University and an M.D. from the University of California, Davis.
"Of the many oncology programs I've been involved with, ProNAi's lead therapeutic targeting BCL2 stands out as a novel and compelling product candidate with the potential to impact a wide range of cancers," added Dr. Klencke. "I've also been highly impressed by the quality of the team ProNAi has assembled to advance PNT2258, and I am committed to working closely with them to drive this program forward."
About ProNAi TherapeuticsProNAi Therapeutics is a clinical-stage oncology company pioneering a novel class of therapeutics based on its proprietary DNAi technology platform for patients with cancer and hematological diseases. ProNAi's lead DNAi product candidate, PNT2258, is designed to treat cancers that overexpress BCL2, an important and validated oncogene known to be dysregulated in many types of cancer. ProNAi is pursuing a multi-faceted clinical development strategy designed to efficiently achieve regulatory approval and maximize the commercial opportunity of PNT2258. ProNAi recently initiated "Wolverine", a Phase 2 trial evaluating PNT2258 for the treatment of relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. For more information, please visit www.pronai.com. 
 SOURCE  ProNAi Therapeutics Inc.  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jul 15, 2015, 19:46 ET
Preview: ProNAi Therapeutics Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering













Jun 18, 2015, 08:00 ET
Preview: ProNAi Appoints Dr. Nicole Onetto and Mr. Robert Pelzer to its Board of Directors






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




Barbara Klencke, Sierra Oncology Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Barbara Klencke

Chief Development Officer,
Sierra Oncology Inc






Career History




Chief Development Officer
Sierra Oncology Inc, 1/2017-PRESENT


Chief Development Officer
Pronai Therapeutics Inc, 6/2015-1/2017









Website:
www.sierraoncology.com






Corporate Information
Address:

2150-885 West Georgia Street
Vancouver, BC V6C 3E8
Canada


Phone:
1-604-558-6536


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.sierraoncology.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Indiana University
Bachelor's Degree


University of California
MD








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














Find a Doctor, Symptom Checker, Conditions, Medications, Procedures and Hospitals - iTriageHealth.com



























































  ProNAi Appoints Dr. Barbara Klencke as Chief Development Officer









































FR























×
Member Sign In


Online Member Centre

Cision Communications Cloud

Cision PR Edition

CisionPoint

MediaSource Monitoring/Evaluation

Visible Intelligence

FastFinder

My CNW

CNW Access

Register for my CNW



Close










×
Search




Search



 Go !








 Advanced Search 


 Close 

















 See more news releases in      Biotechnology   Medical Pharmaceuticals  Personnel Announcements  

ProNAi Appoints Dr. Barbara Klencke as Chief Development Officer
			  



























































 















VANCOUVER, June 23, 2015 /CNW/ - ProNAi Therapeutics Inc., a clinical-stage oncology company pioneering a novel class of therapeutics based on its proprietary DNAi technology platform, today announced that it has appointed Dr. Barbara Klencke, M.D., as Chief Development Officer. Dr. Klencke is an accomplished oncology drug developer with a demonstrable track record of success, having made substantial contributions to the development and approval of numerous significant oncology products, including Kyprolis, Kadcyla, Avastin and Tarceva. 
"Barbara has extensive experience leading the strategic development of novel oncology compounds and advancing these products successfully through the registration process," said Dr. Nick Glover, President and CEO of ProNAi Therapeutics. "Our ability to attract such a highly-respected strategic drug development expert as Dr. Klencke reflects the scope of the opportunity for our lead DNAi-based cancer drug, PNT2258, and for the broader potential of the DNAi technology platform underlying our novel approach to treating cancer."
Previously, Dr. Klencke served as the Senior Vice President, Development at Onyx Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Amgen Inc., from January 2011 to June 2015, and prior to that was the Group Medical Director in Product Development, Oncology at Genentech, Inc., having joined the company in July 2003. In this period, she led a variety of oncology programs including those for Kyprolis (carfilzomib), Kadcyla (ado-trastuzumab emtansine), Avastin (bevacizumab), and Tarceva (erlotinib). Prior to that, Dr. Klencke served as the Medical Director at Chiron Corporation, a biotechnology company later acquired by Novartis International AG, and as an Assistant Professor of Medicine at the University of California, San Francisco Medical Center. Dr. Klencke holds a B.S. from Indiana University and an M.D. from the University of California, Davis.
"Of the many oncology programs I've been involved with, ProNAi's lead therapeutic targeting BCL2 stands out as a novel and compelling product candidate with the potential to impact a wide range of cancers," added Dr. Klencke. "I've also been highly impressed by the quality of the team ProNAi has assembled to advance PNT2258, and I am committed to working closely with them to drive this program forward."
About ProNAi TherapeuticsProNAi Therapeutics is a clinical-stage oncology company pioneering a novel class of therapeutics based on its proprietary DNAi technology platform for patients with cancer and hematological diseases. ProNAi's lead DNAi product candidate, PNT2258, is designed to treat cancers that overexpress BCL2, an important and validated oncogene known to be dysregulated in many types of cancer. ProNAi is pursuing a multi-faceted clinical development strategy designed to efficiently achieve regulatory approval and maximize the commercial opportunity of PNT2258. ProNAi recently initiated "Wolverine", a Phase 2 trial evaluating PNT2258 for the treatment of relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. For more information, please visit www.pronai.com. 
SOURCE  ProNAi Therapeutics Inc.
  For further information:  James Smith, Vice President, Corporate Affairs, ProNAi Therapeutics, 604.558.6545, jsmith@pronai.com







  Release contains wide tables.
					  View fullscreen.
			




 Organization Profile








ProNAi Therapeutics Inc.
 More on this organization
 







Custom Packages
Browse our custom packages or build your own to meet your unique communications needs.
Start today.




CNW Membership
Fill out a CNW membership form or contact us at 1 (877) 269-7890




Learn about CNW services
Request more information about CNW products and services or call us at 1 (877) 269-7890




























































 




	ProNAi Therapeutics Inc Appoints Dr Barbara Klencke As Chief Development Officer













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






ProNAi Therapeutics, Inc. Appoints Dr. Barbara Klencke As Chief Development Officer  











Tweet








6/23/2015 6:37:18 AM


VANCOUVER, June 23, 2015 /PRNewswire/ - ProNAi Therapeutics Inc., a clinical-stage oncology company pioneering a novel class of therapeutics based on its proprietary DNAi technology platform, today announced that it has appointed Dr. Barbara Klencke, M.D., as Chief Development Officer. Dr. Klencke is an accomplished oncology drug developer with a demonstrable track record of success, having made substantial contributions to the development and approval of numerous significant oncology products, including Kyprolis, Kadcyla, Avastin and Tarceva. "Barbara has extensive experience leading the strategic development of novel oncology compounds and advancing these products successfully through the registration process," said Dr. Nick Glover, President and CEO of ProNAi Therapeutics. "Our ability to attract such a highly-respected strategic drug development expert as Dr. Klencke reflects the scope of the opportunity for our lead DNAi-based cancer drug, PNT2258, and for the broader potential of the DNAi technology platform underlying our novel approach to treating cancer."Previously, Dr. Klencke served as the Senior Vice President, Development at Onyx Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Amgen Inc., from January 2011 to June 2015, and prior to that was the Group Medical Director in Product Development, Oncology at Genentech, Inc., having joined the company in July 2003. In this period, she led a variety of oncology programs including those for Kyprolis (carfilzomib), Kadcyla (ado-trastuzumab emtansine), Avastin (bevacizumab), and Tarceva (erlotinib). Prior to that, Dr. Klencke served as the Medical Director at Chiron Corporation, a biotechnology company later acquired by Novartis International AG, and as an Assistant Professor of Medicine at the University of California, San Francisco Medical Center. Dr. Klencke holds a B.S. from Indiana University and an M.D. from the University of California, Davis."Of the many oncology programs I've been involved with, ProNAi's lead therapeutic targeting BCL2 stands out as a novel and compelling product candidate with the potential to impact a wide range of cancers," added Dr. Klencke. "I've also been highly impressed by the quality of the team ProNAi has assembled to advance PNT2258, and I am committed to working closely with them to drive this program forward."About ProNAi TherapeuticsProNAi Therapeutics is a clinical-stage oncology company pioneering a novel class of therapeutics based on its proprietary DNAi technology platform for patients with cancer and hematological diseases. ProNAi's lead DNAi product candidate, PNT2258, is designed to treat cancers that overexpress BCL2, an important and validated oncogene known to be dysregulated in many types of cancer. ProNAi is pursuing a multi-faceted clinical development strategy designed to efficiently achieve regulatory approval and maximize the commercial opportunity of PNT2258. ProNAi recently initiated "Wolverine", a Phase 2 trial evaluating PNT2258 for the treatment of relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. For more information, please visit www.pronai.com. SOURCE  ProNAi Therapeutics Inc.
Help employers find you! Check out all the jobs and post your resume.






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
ProNAi Therapeutics, Inc. Files Registration Statement For Proposed Initial Public Offering  Incyte (INCY) Reorganizes and Shakes Up Management to Drive Growth  ProNAi Therapeutics, Inc. Strengthens Leadership Team; Opens Vancouver Corporate Headquarters  Cipla Executives Resigning, But Company Says Nothing Amiss  ProNAi Therapeutics, Inc. Appoints Dr. Nicole Onetto And Mr. Robert Pelzer To Its Board Of Directors  Pronutria Biosciences Announces Key Additions To Executive Team  ProNAi Therapeutics, Inc. Initiates Phase 2 Trial Of PNT2258 In Patients With Relapsed Or Refractory Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma (DLBCL)  Ex-AstraZeneca PLC (AZN) CMO Takes Helm at Tiny Syndax Marina Biotech, Inc. (MRNA) Reports That Licensee ProNAi Therapeutics, Inc. Presented Interim Phase 2 Data On Its BCL2-Targeting DNAi® Therapeutic At American Society of Hematology 2014   AxoGen, Inc. (AXGN) Chief Marketing Officer Named CEO Of Privately-Held Life Sciences Company  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Sierra Oncology (Formerly Known As ProNAi Therapeutics, Inc.)




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 





























