

Kleo Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























kleo inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Kleo, Inc., doing business as ClassWallet, provides a platform for schools and non-profits to manage funds. The Company offers platform for school systems to disburse and track funds, online reporting, automating payments, purchasing, reimbursements, e-commerce services. ClassWallet serves customers in the States of Florida and Delaware.




Corporate Information
Address:

6100 Hollywood Blvd
Suite 108
Hollywood, FL 33024
United States


Phone:
1-877-969-5536


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.classwallet.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































KLEO INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    KLEO INC.











Company number F10000004832
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 270308480
        

Company Type Foreign for Profit
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 11/1/2010
        

Principal Address
            4141 NE 2nd Avenue, Suite 203B, MIAMI, FL, 33137
            


Mailing Address 4141 NE 2nd AVENUE, Suite 203B, MIAMI, FL, 33137
        
KLEO INC. Fictitious Names

Active
CLASSWALLET.COM

KLEO INC. Principals

Chairman, E, O
                Rosenberg James
                 


Address
                645 NE 55TH TERR, MIAMI, FL, 33137
                 



President, r, e, s
                Steinhardt Neil
                 


Address
                4141 NE 2nd Avenue, MIAMI, FL, 33137
                 



B, o, a, r
                Guttman William
                 


Address
                4141 NE 2nd AVENUE, MIAMI, FL, 33137
                 







Last Annual Reports

2016 2/16/2016
            

2016 2/16/2016
            

2015 3/3/2015
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name ROSENBERG           JAMES (p)
        

Agent Address
                645 NE 55TH TERR, MIAMI, FL, 33137
                

Description
KLEO INC. has been set up 11/1/2010 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The KLEO INC. principal adress is 4141 NE 2nd Avenue, Suite 203B, MIAMI, FL, 33137. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 4141 NE 2nd AVENUE, Suite 203B, MIAMI, FL, 33137. 
The company`s registered agent is ROSENBERG           JAMES 645 NE 55TH TERR, MIAMI, FL, 33137.  
The company`s management are Chairman, E, O - Rosenberg James, President, r, e, s - Steinhardt Neil, B, o, a, r - Guttman William. The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 2/16/2016.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
KLEO INVESTMENTS, LLC
KLEOKATRA ENTERTAINMENT INC.
KLEO LLC
KLEO-MAR CORPORATION
K LEONARD LLC
KLEON CORP













Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:51 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops and markets immunotherapies utilizing small molecules to activate an individual's own immune system to fight against cancers. The company was founded in 2015 and is based in New Haven, Connecticut.


New Haven, CT United StatesFounded in 2015



www.kleopharmaceuticals.com







Key Executives for Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Dr. Douglas J. Manion M.D., Frcp(C)


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Dr. David A. Spiegel M.D., Ph.D.


      	Co-Founder, President of Kleo Laboratories and Director
      








Mr. Roy Prieb


      	Co-Founder, CFO, COO and Director
      








Dr. Joseph F. Grosso Ph.D.


      	Chief Scientific Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Key Developments

PeptiDream and Kleo Pharmaceuticals Announce Collaboration Agreement to Develop Novel Immunotherapies for Oncology
Jul 18 17
PeptiDream Inc. and Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. announced a collaboration agreement to co-develop proprietary immune-oncology products in multiple indications. Under the terms of the agreement, PeptiDream will use its proprietary Peptide Discovery Platform System ("PDPS") technology to identify macrocyclic/constrained peptides against multiple oncology targets of interest selected by Kleo, and to optimize hit peptides into optimized binders that will be engineered by Kleo into novel ARM and SyAM products. Kleo will receive an upfront payment and will have the right to develop and commercialize all compounds resulting from the collaboration. PeptiDream is eligible to receive a tiered share of proceeds from any products that arise from the collaboration based on degree to which PeptiDream funds development of the product. Specific financial terms were not disclosed.


Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Announces Executive Changes
Jun 9 17
Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. announced the appointment of Douglas J. Manion, M.D. FRCP(C) as Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Dr. David Spiegel M.D., Ph.D., co-founder of Kleo, takes the role of President, Kleo Laboratories. Dr. Manion will also serve on the company's Board of Directors. Dr. Manion has had senior leadership roles in advancing therapies for a wide range of therapeutic areas including oncology, infectious diseases, autoimmunity, cardiology, metabolic diseases, genetically-defined diseases and fibrosis. He has been involved with the initial approval or life-cycle expansion of over 20 major brands, 10 of which reached blockbuster status globally. Doug is a drug discovery and development leader with over 20 years of experience including Dupont Pharmaceuticals, GlaxoSmithKline and, most recently, Bristol-Myers Squibb.


Kleo Pharmaceuticals Appoints Roy Prieb as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Sep 22 16
Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced the appointment of Roy Prieb as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer effective immediately. Mr. Prieb will also serve on the company's Board of Directors. He is a co-founder of Kleo Pharmaceuticals and the entrepreneur who secured its technology license from Yale University and organized the company's series A financing, which was led by Biohaven Pharmaceuticals. Roy Prieb is a technology entrepreneur with over 15 years of experience in business strategy, development, and operations. He has helped launch, fund, and grow several digital ventures including Saaspire, Kellogg Media Group, Qiosk.com, and JibJab.com. Earlier in his career, Mr. Prieb was a consultant with The Boston Consulting Group.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      February 28, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      September 1, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., please visit www.kleopharmaceuticals.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close















































 



 Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Appoints Douglas J. Manion M.D. as Chief Executive Officer 
         










    










 













 











 



















Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Appoints Douglas J. Manion M.D. as Chief Executive Officer
        																																																		
              
















 News provided by
Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.  
Jun 09, 2017, 03:00 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc., a biotechnology company pioneering a new class of immunotherapies utilizing small molecules to activate an individual's own immune system to fight against cancers and infectious diseases, announced today the appointment of Douglas J. Manion, M.D. FRCP(C) as Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Dr. David Spiegel M.D., Ph.D., co-founder of Kleo, takes the role of President, Kleo Laboratories. Dr. Manion will also serve on the company's Board of Directors. Dr. Manion has had senior leadership roles in advancing therapies for a wide range of therapeutic areas including oncology, infectious diseases, autoimmunity, cardiology, metabolic diseases, genetically-defined diseases and fibrosis. He has been involved with the initial approval or life-cycle expansion of over 20 major brands, 10 of which reached blockbuster status globally.








"Doug brings an incredible wealth of drug discovery and development expertise and experience to the Kleo team. Without a doubt, the addition of Doug will further accelerate Kleo's place as a leader in the field of immunotherapy be it in cancer, infectious diseases or other areas of high unmet medical need," said Declan Doogan, M.D., Chairman of the Board, Kleo Pharmaceuticals.
"We are delighted to welcome Doug to Kleo. It was clear from day one that Doug shared our passion for bringing innovative immunotherapy solutions to patients in need. His extensive experience and broad connections to the pharmaceutical and investor communities will be invaluable as Kleo Pharmaceuticals evolves into an industry leader," said David Spiegel.
"I am thrilled to join Kleo Pharmaceuticals as it accelerates its quest to provide novel immunotherapies for patients with high unmet medical need. The science is so compelling. I look forward to partnering with the scientists at Kleo led by David Spiegel and the rest of the team, in advancing a truly innovative approach to enlist patients' own immune systems to fight serious disease," said Doug Manion.
Doug is a drug discovery and development leader with over 20 years of experience including Dupont Pharmaceuticals, GlaxoSmithKline and, most recently, Bristol-Myers Squibb. He earned a B.A.Sc. in Civil Engineering prior to his Medical Degree both from the University of Ottawa, Canada. He completed training in Internal Medicine and Infectious Diseases in Ottawa and a post-doctoral fellowship in bench and clinical research in HIV/AIDS at the Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School in Boston. He is currently a non-executive Board Member for Celleron Therapeutics in Oxford, UK.
About Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.  
Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a biotechnology company initially formed on the basis of intellectual property from the Spiegel Lab at Yale University. The company was founded by Dr. David Spiegel and Roy Prieb and is focused on developing a new class of targeted immunotherapies. The company is based in New Haven, CT. Further information regarding Kleo can be found at: http://kleopharmaceuticals.com.
About Biohaven
Biohaven (NYSE:    BHVN) provided the initial Series A funding to Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and entered into a master services agreement to provide clinical development support to help advance Kleo's small molecule, immune based therapeutics called Antibody Recruiting Molecules (ARMs) and Synthetic Antibody Mimics (SyAMS). Biohaven is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a portfolio of innovative, late-stage product candidates targeting neurological diseases, including rare disorders. Biohaven has licensed intellectual property from companies and institutions including Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, AstraZeneca AB, Yale University, Catalent, ALS Biopharma LLC, Rutgers and Massachusetts General Hospital. Biohaven is a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and its United States operations are based in New Haven, Connecticut. 
Forward-Looking Statements
This news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal and Canadian securities laws. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties, including statements that are based on the current expectations and assumptions of the Company's management. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding the Company's plans and objectives, expectations and assumptions of management are forward-looking statements. The use of certain words, including the words "estimate," "project," "intend," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "will," "plan," "could," "may" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. Various important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements including receipt of regulatory approvals and market conditions. The forward-looking statements are made as of this date and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Contact:Roy PriebKleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.203-691-6361 x2202 email: pr@kleopharmaceuticals.com website: www.kleopharmaceuticals.com
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kleo-pharmaceuticals-inc-appoints-douglas-j-manion-md-as-chief-executive-officer-300471493.html
SOURCE Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.



 

















Jul 18, 2017, 03:00 ET
Preview: PeptiDream and Kleo Pharmaceuticals Announce Collaboration Agreement to Develop Novel Immunotherapies for Oncology




















Sep 22, 2016, 03:00 ET
Preview: Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Appoints David A. Spiegel as Chief Executive Officer








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 











Jul 18, 2017, 03:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              PeptiDream and Kleo Pharmaceuticals Announce Collaboration...






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Biotechnology
  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
  Pharmaceuticals
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Appoints Douglas J. Manion M.D. as Chief Executive Officer


 News provided by
Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.  
Jun 09, 2017, 03:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Appoints Douglas J. Manion M.D. as Chief Executive OfficerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 39 mins.S&P Futures2,475.00+6.50 (+0.26%)Dow Futures21,604.00+105.00 (+0.49%)Nasdaq Futures5,936.00+2.00 (+0.03%)Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Appoints Douglas J. Manion M.D. as Chief Executive OfficerPR NewswireJune 9, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareNEW HAVEN, Conn., June 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc., a biotechnology company pioneering a new class of immunotherapies utilizing small molecules to activate an individual's own immune system to fight against cancers and infectious diseases, announced today the appointment of Douglas J. Manion, M.D. FRCP(C) as Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Dr. David Spiegel M.D., Ph.D., co-founder of Kleo, takes the role of President, Kleo Laboratories. Dr. Manion will also serve on the company's Board of Directors. Dr. Manion has had senior leadership roles in advancing therapies for a wide range of therapeutic areas including oncology, infectious diseases, autoimmunity, cardiology, metabolic diseases, genetically-defined diseases and fibrosis. He has been involved with the initial approval or life-cycle expansion of over 20 major brands, 10 of which reached blockbuster status globally.Kleo Pharmaceuticals LogoMore"Doug brings an incredible wealth of drug discovery and development expertise and experience to the Kleo team. Without a doubt, the addition of Doug will further accelerate Kleo's place as a leader in the field of immunotherapy be it in cancer, infectious diseases or other areas of high unmet medical need," said Declan Doogan, M.D., Chairman of the Board, Kleo Pharmaceuticals."We are delighted to welcome Doug to Kleo. It was clear from day one that Doug shared our passion for bringing innovative immunotherapy solutions to patients in need. His extensive experience and broad connections to the pharmaceutical and investor communities will be invaluable as Kleo Pharmaceuticals evolves into an industry leader," said David Spiegel."I am thrilled to join Kleo Pharmaceuticals as it accelerates its quest to provide novel immunotherapies for patients with high unmet medical need. The science is so compelling. I look forward to partnering with the scientists at Kleo led by David Spiegel and the rest of the team, in advancing a truly innovative approach to enlist patients' own immune systems to fight serious disease," said Doug Manion.Doug is a drug discovery and development leader with over 20 years of experience including Dupont Pharmaceuticals, GlaxoSmithKline and, most recently, Bristol-Myers Squibb. He earned a B.A.Sc. in Civil Engineering prior to his Medical Degree both from the University of Ottawa, Canada. He completed training in Internal Medicine and Infectious Diseases in Ottawa and a post-doctoral fellowship in bench and clinical research in HIV/AIDS at the Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School in Boston. He is currently a non-executive Board Member for Celleron Therapeutics in Oxford, UK.About Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a biotechnology company initially formed on the basis of intellectual property from the Spiegel Lab at Yale University. The company was founded by Dr. David Spiegel and Roy Prieb and is focused on developing a new class of targeted immunotherapies. The company is based in New Haven, CT. Further information regarding Kleo can be found at: http://kleopharmaceuticals.com.About BiohavenBiohaven (BHVN) provided the initial Series A funding to Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and entered into a master services agreement to provide clinical development support to help advance Kleo's small molecule, immune based therapeutics called Antibody Recruiting Molecules (ARMs) and Synthetic Antibody Mimics (SyAMS). Biohaven is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a portfolio of innovative, late-stage product candidates targeting neurological diseases, including rare disorders. Biohaven has licensed intellectual property from companies and institutions including Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, AstraZeneca AB, Yale University, Catalent, ALS Biopharma LLC, Rutgers and Massachusetts General Hospital. Biohaven is a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and its United States operations are based in New Haven, Connecticut.Read MoreForward-Looking StatementsThis news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal and Canadian securities laws. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties, including statements that are based on the current expectations and assumptions of the Company's management. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding the Company's plans and objectives, expectations and assumptions of management are forward-looking statements. The use of certain words, including the words "estimate," "project," "intend," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "will," "plan," "could," "may" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. Various important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements including receipt of regulatory approvals and market conditions. The forward-looking statements are made as of this date and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.CONTACT INFORMATIONContact: Roy Prieb Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. 203-691-6361 x2202  email: pr@kleopharmaceuticals.com website: www.kleopharmaceuticals.comTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kleo-pharmaceuticals-inc-appoints-douglas-j-manion-md-as-chief-executive-officer-300471493.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextCreepy 'FruitFly' Surveillance Malware Hits American Apple MacsForbesStart Earning Miles With The Best Travel CardWise BreadSponsoredProtect Yourself Against C. Diff InfectionsConsumer ReportsSwaziland halves world's highest HIV infection rate: reportAFPGrab builds out war chest in a fight for car-share dominanceAssociated PressEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredHIV fight advances with new drug cocktails, fresh vaccine hopesReutersParents railed against the Boy Scouts of America after Trump's campaign-style speechBusiness InsiderHere's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderHitler's Final Bunker Broken Into By PhotographerTrend ChaserSponsoredFirst ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ Trailer LeakedInvestorPlaceChina is crushing American tech titansYahoo Finance VideoMcDonald's, GM, and Domino's — What you need to know in markets on TuesdayYahoo FinanceDog Gets On Bus Alone Every Day Without OwnerNews Daily FeedSponsoredObamacare is hurting these people—and Congress is doing nothing about itYahoo FinanceThe Navy's newest, most sophisticated aircraft carrier doesn't have urinalsBusiness InsiderAfter spate of Chinese patrols, Taiwan says it's prepared to defend itselflegin: If Chine surrendered to Taiwan then they could be United.Join the Conversation1 / 521










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





















Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Appoints Douglas J. Manion M.D. As Chief Executive Officer - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Appoints Douglas J. Manion M.D. As Chief Executive Officer









PR Newswire




Jun 9, 2017 3:00 AM EDT













 


















































  NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc., a biotechnology company pioneering a new class of immunotherapies utilizing small molecules to activate an individual's own immune system to fight against cancers and infectious diseases, announced today the appointment of Douglas J. Manion, M.D. FRCP(C) as Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Dr. David Spiegel M.D., Ph.D., co-founder of Kleo, takes the role of President, Kleo Laboratories. Dr. Manion will also serve on the company's Board of Directors. Dr. Manion has had senior leadership roles in advancing therapies for a wide range of therapeutic areas including oncology, infectious diseases, autoimmunity, cardiology, metabolic diseases, genetically-defined diseases and fibrosis. He has been involved with the initial approval or life-cycle expansion of over 20 major brands, 10 of which reached blockbuster status globally.     "Doug brings an incredible wealth of drug discovery and development expertise and experience to the Kleo team. Without a doubt, the addition of Doug will further accelerate Kleo's place as a leader in the field of immunotherapy be it in cancer, infectious diseases or other areas of high unmet medical need," said Declan Doogan, M.D., Chairman of the Board, Kleo Pharmaceuticals. "We are delighted to welcome Doug to Kleo. It was clear from day one that Doug shared our passion for bringing innovative immunotherapy solutions to patients in need. His extensive experience and broad connections to the pharmaceutical and investor communities will be invaluable as Kleo Pharmaceuticals evolves into an industry leader," said David Spiegel. "I am thrilled to join Kleo Pharmaceuticals as it accelerates its quest to provide novel immunotherapies for patients with high unmet medical need. The science is so compelling. I look forward to partnering with the scientists at Kleo led by David Spiegel and the rest of the team, in advancing a truly innovative approach to enlist patients' own immune systems to fight serious disease," said Doug Manion. Doug is a drug discovery and development leader with over 20 years of experience including Dupont Pharmaceuticals, GlaxoSmithKline and, most recently, Bristol-Myers Squibb. He earned a B.A.Sc. in Civil Engineering prior to his Medical Degree both from the University of Ottawa, Canada. He completed training in Internal Medicine and Infectious Diseases in Ottawa and a post-doctoral fellowship in bench and clinical research in HIV/AIDS at the Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School in Boston. He is currently a non-executive Board Member for Celleron Therapeutics in Oxford, UK.  About Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.   Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a biotechnology company initially formed on the basis of intellectual property from the Spiegel Lab at Yale University. The company was founded by Dr. David Spiegel and Roy Prieb and is focused on developing a new class of targeted immunotherapies. The company is based in New Haven, CT. Further information regarding Kleo can be found at: http://kleopharmaceuticals.com.  About Biohaven Biohaven (NYSE: BHVN) provided the initial Series A funding to Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and entered into a master services agreement to provide clinical development support to help advance Kleo's small molecule, immune based therapeutics called Antibody Recruiting Molecules (ARMs) and Synthetic Antibody Mimics (SyAMS). Biohaven is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a portfolio of innovative, late-stage product candidates targeting neurological diseases, including rare disorders. Biohaven has licensed intellectual property from companies and institutions including Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, AstraZeneca AB, Yale University, Catalent, ALS Biopharma LLC, Rutgers and Massachusetts General Hospital. Biohaven is a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and its United States operations are based in New Haven, Connecticut.  Forward-Looking Statements This news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal and Canadian securities laws. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties, including statements that are based on the current expectations and assumptions of the Company's management. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding the Company's plans and objectives, expectations and assumptions of management are forward-looking statements. The use of certain words, including the words "estimate," "project," "intend," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "will," "plan," "could," "may" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. Various important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements including receipt of regulatory approvals and market conditions. The forward-looking statements are made as of this date and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Walmart in Focus Amid 'Horrific' Human Trafficking Incident in Texas That Causes Nine Deaths


GM May Slash Six Car Models to Combat Slumping Sales, Avoid Plant Layoffs


Amazon Tumbling Almost 40% Is Not as Crazy as It Sounds


Brutal Reactions to Alphabet and Hasbro Results Show You Need to Be a Trading Mercenary


Caterpillar Blows Wall Street Away, Stock Pops 5%











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 



















 Home - ClassWallet 



























































 






















        

























No menu assigned!












  






Paper Trail. Without the Paper.
Seamlessly allocate spending and track purchases without paperwork or receipts.
Trusted by leading school districts, universities and education funds



  



WATCH VIDEO








Close







FREE DEMO




FREE DEMO First Name: *  Last Name: *  Email: *  Phone:  Organization:    



Close









  





Here’s What We Can Do For You


  






Eliminate Unnecessary Paperwork




Eliminate paper and receipts from your purchase tracking and reimbursement processes.











Minimize Administrative Overhead




Automate purchasing, payments, charges, reimbursements, and reconciliation in a single platform.











Better Tracking and Processes




SKU level reporting of every purchase and digitzed copies of every receipt accessible through user friendly reports.











Streamline Funds Allocation




Empower more stakeholders to make purchases while maintaining centralized control and accountability.










  











The Product
 
Learn more about our award winning platform, including the many features and benefits that allow us to create value for our customers for their needs in tracking:


  





Classroom Stipends & Purchases
Unappropriated Funds
Title I Tracking










Student Activity Funds
Grants Management
Donations





LEARN MORE










  











The Company
 
See what real customers have to say about ClassWallet and find out how people are using our solution to make life better for themselves and their organizations.


LEARN MOREVIEW JOBS










  











Thought Leadership
 
ClassWallet was established with the vision of simplifying the way education dollars are managed and tracked, providing more efficiency and time and cost savings for business officers to educators and everyone in between. Today, we are an industry-leading funds management and tracking platform, serving some of the largest organizations in the country.



LEARN MORE ABOUT THE VISIONARIES BEHIND CLASSWALLET















  






Winner of Education Industry Associate Innovation Lab













© 2017 ClassWallet. // Privacy Policy // Terms of Use 877.969.5536 



      










Why ClassWallet?
Product

Pay By Cash
Education Funds Tracking
Team Sports Expense Tracking
School Choice


Our Story
Blog
Support
Request a Demo
Login





 

















































Press — Kleo Pharmaceuticals




















































Roy Prieb


July 18, 2017




PeptiDream and Kleo Pharmaceuticals Announce Collaboration Agreement to Develop Novel Immunotherapies for Oncology



Roy Prieb


July 18, 2017





New Haven, CT – July 18, 2017PeptiDream Inc., a public Tokyo-based biopharmaceutical company (“PeptiDream”)(TOKYO:4587) and Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc., a New Haven-based company using its proprietary Antibody Recruiting Molecule (“ARM”) and Synthetic Antibody Mimic (“SyAM”) platform technologies to develop small molecule immunotherapies (“Kleo”), announced today a collaboration agreement to co-develop proprietary immune-oncology products in multiple indications.  Under the terms of the agreement, PeptiDream will use its proprietary Peptide Discovery Platform System (“PDPS”) technology to identify macrocyclic/constrained peptides against multiple oncology targets of interest selected by Kleo, and to optimize hit peptides into optimized binders that will be engineered by Kleo into novel ARM and SyAM products. Kleo will receive an upfront payment and will have the right to develop and commercialize all compounds resulting from the collaboration. PeptiDream is eligible to receive a tiered share of proceeds from any products that arise from the collaboration based on degree to which PeptiDream funds development of the product. Specific financial terms were not disclosed.“We are very excited to enter into this collaboration agreement with PeptiDream ,” said Douglas Manion, MD, CEO of Kleo. “We think combining PeptiDream’s PDPS technology with Kleo’s ARM and SyAM platform represents a truly potent partnership that will generate many more effective targeted treatments for patients. We are looking forward to advancing this new paradigm of small molecule immunotherapies into the clinic.”“PeptiDream has long been on the forefront of transforming PDPS-identified peptides into peptide therapeutics, small molecule drugs, and peptide drug conjugates (PDCs),” said Keiichi Kubota, CEO of PeptiDream. “We greatly look forward to working with innovative leaders like Kleo to leverage our capabilities to develop the next generation of first-in-class and best-in-class immunotherapies.”About Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a biotechnology company initially formed on the basis of intellectual property from the Spiegel Lab at Yale University and funded by a series A round led by Biohaven Pharmaceuticals Holding Ltd (NYSE: BHVN) . The company was founded by Dr. David Spiegel and Roy Prieb and is focused on developing a new class of targeted immunotherapies. The company is based in New Haven, CT. Further information regarding Kleo can be found at: http://kleopharmaceuticals.com.About PeptiDreamPeptiDream Inc. is a public (Tokyo Stock Exchange 1st Section 4587) biopharmaceutical company founded in 2006 employing our proprietary Peptide Discovery Platform System(PDPS), a state-of-the-art highly versatile discovery platform which enables the production of highly diverse (trillions) non-standard peptide libraries with high efficiency, for the identification of highly potent and selective hit candidates, which then can be developed into peptide-based, small molecule-based, or peptide-drug-conjugate-based therapeutics. PeptiDream aspires to be a world leader in drug discovery and development to address unmet medical needs and improve the quality of life of patients worldwide. Further information regarding PeptiDream can be found at: http://peptidream.comForward-Looking StatementsThis news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal and Canadian securities laws. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties, including statements that are based on the current expectations and assumptions of the Company's management. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding the Company's plans and objectives, expectations and assumptions of management are forward-looking statements. The use of certain words, including the words "estimate," "project," "intend," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "will,” "plan," "could," "may" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. Various important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements including receipt of regulatory approvals and market conditions. The forward-looking statements are made as of this date and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.CONTACT INFORMATIONContact:Roy PriebKleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.203-691-6961E: rprieb@kleopharmaceuticals.comwebsite: www.kleopharmaceuticals.com







Brian Dowd


June  9, 2017




Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Appoints Douglas J. Manion, MD as Chief Executive Officer



Brian Dowd


June  9, 2017





New Haven, CT—June 9, 2017Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc., a biotechnology company pioneering a new class of immunotherapies utilizing small molecules to activate an individual’s own immune system to fight against cancers and infectious diseases, announced today the appointment of Douglas J. Manion M.D. FRCP(C) as Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Dr. David Spiegel M.D., Ph.D., co-founder of Kleo, takes the role of President, Kleo Laboratories.  Dr. Manion will also serve on the company’s Board of Directors.  Dr. Manion has had senior leadership roles in advancing therapies for a wide range of therapeutic areas including oncology, infectious diseases, autoimmunity, cardiology, metabolic diseases, genetically-defined diseases and fibrosis.  He has been involved with the initial approval or life-cycle expansion of over 20 major brands, 10 of which reached blockbuster status globally.“Doug brings an incredible wealth of drug discovery and development expertise and experience to the Kleo team.  Without a doubt, the addition of Doug will further accelerate Kleo’s place as a leader in the field of immunotherapy be it in cancer, infectious diseases or other areas of high unmet medical need,” said Declan Doogan, M.D., Chairman of the Board, Kleo Pharmaceuticals.“We are delighted to welcome Doug to Kleo.  It was clear from day one that Doug shared our passion for bringing innovative immunotherapy solutions to patients in need.  His extensive experience and broad connections to the pharmaceutical and investor communities will be invaluable as Kleo Pharmaceuticals evolves into an industry leader”, said David Spiegel.“I am thrilled to join Kleo Pharmaceuticals as it accelerates its quest to provide novel immunotherapies for patients with high unmet medical need.  The science is so compelling.  I look forward to partnering with the scientists at Kleo led by David Spiegel and the rest of the team, in advancing a truly innovative approach to enlist patients’ own immune systems to fight serious disease,” said Doug Manion.Doug is a drug discovery and development leader with over 20 years of experience including Dupont Pharmaceuticals, GlaxoSmithKline and, most recently, Bristol-Myers Squibb.  He earned a B.A.Sc. in Civil Engineering prior to his Medical Degree both from the University of Ottawa, Canada.  He completed training in Internal Medicine and Infectious Diseases in Ottawa and a post-doctoral fellowship in bench and clinical research in HIV/AIDS at the Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School in Boston.  He is currently a non-executive Board Member for Celleron Therapeutics in Oxford, UK.About Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a biotechnology company initially formed on the basis of intellectual property from the Spiegel Lab at Yale University. The company was founded by Dr. David Spiegel and Roy Prieb and is focused on developing a new class of targeted immunotherapies. The company is based in New Haven, CT. Further information regarding Kleo can be found at: http://kleopharmaceuticals.com. About BiohavenBiohaven (NYSE: BHVN) provided the initial Series A funding to Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and entered into a master services agreement to provide clinical development support to help advance Kleo’s small molecule, immune based therapeutics called Antibody Recruiting Molecules (ARMs) and Synthetic Antibody Mimics (SyAMS).  Biohaven is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a portfolio of innovative, late-stage product candidates targeting neurological diseases, including rare disorders. Biohaven has licensed intellectual property from companies and institutions including Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, AstraZeneca AB, Yale University, Catalent, ALS Biopharma LLC, Rutgers and Massachusetts General Hospital. Biohaven is a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and its United States operations are based in New Haven, Connecticut. Forward-Looking StatementsThis news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal and Canadian securities laws. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties, including statements that are based on the current expectations and assumptions of the Company's management. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding the Company's plans and objectives, expectations and assumptions of management are forward-looking statements. The use of certain words, including the words "estimate," "project," "intend," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "will,” "plan," "could," "may" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. Various important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements including receipt of regulatory approvals and market conditions. The forward-looking statements are made as of this date and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.CONTACT INFORMATIONContact:Roy PriebKleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.203-691-6961 email: pr@kleopharmaceuticals.comwebsite: www.kleopharmaceuticals.com







Roy Prieb


September 22, 2016




Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Appoints Roy Prieb as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer



Roy Prieb


September 22, 2016





New Haven, CT—September 19, 2016Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc., a biotechnology company pioneering a new class of immunotherapies utilizing small molecules to activate an individual’s own immune system to fight against cancers and infectious diseases, announced today the appointment of Roy Prieb as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer effective immediately. Mr. Prieb will also serve on the company’s Board of Directors. He is a co-founder of Kleo Pharmaceuticals and the entrepreneur who secured its technology license from Yale University and organized the company’s series A financing, which was led by Biohaven Pharmaceuticals.“Roy’s strategic insight and leadership have been key to putting Kleo on the path to success. He was one of the first people to recognize and articulate the value of our platform and has been a tremendous advocate for the company among investors and partners. We are excited to have him on board to help us execute our vision and lead this company to the next level,” said David Spiegel, M.D. Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer at Kleo Pharmaceuticals.“Kleo has the opportunity to reshape the field of immunotherapy and transform the lives of so many patients. We are looking forward to bringing together the right people and partners to advance our small molecule immunotherapies into the clinic. It will be an exciting journey and I am thrilled to be part of the team that will meet its challenges and deliver its successes,” said Roy Prieb.Roy Prieb is a technology entrepreneur with over 15 years of experience in business strategy, development, and operations. He has helped launch, fund, and grow several digital ventures including Saaspire, Kellogg Media Group, Qiosk.com, and JibJab.com. Earlier in his career, Mr. Prieb was a consultant with The Boston Consulting Group. He received his B.A. from Harvard University and M.B.A. from Wharton Business School.About Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a biotechnology company initially formed on the basis of intellectual property from the Spiegel Lab at Yale University. The company was founded by Dr. David Spiegel and Roy Prieb is focused on developing a new class of targeted immunotherapies. The company is based in New Haven, CT. Further information regarding Kleo can be found at: http://kleopharmaceuticals.com.About Biohaven PharmaceuticalsBiohaven recently provided Series A funding to Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and entered into a master services agreement to provide clinical development support to help advance Kleo’s small molecule, immune based therapeutics called Antibody Recruiting Molecules (ARMs) and Synthetic Antibody Mimics (SyAMS). Biohaven is a privately-held biopharmaceutical company with expertise in late stage clinical development and has a portfolio of multiple late stage drug assets. Biohaven has licensed intellectual property from Yale University, Catalent, ALS Biopharma LLC, and Massachusetts General Hospital. The company has advanced multiple candidates into the clinic and plans on pivotal trials beginning late 2016. Biohaven is owned by a group of investors including Yale University, Portage Biotech Inc. (OTC Market: PTGEF, Canadian Securities Exchange: PBT.U), John W. Childs and other private investors. Further information regarding Biohaven can be found at: http://biohavenpharma.com.Forward-Looking StatementsThis news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal and Canadian securities laws. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties, including statements that are based on the current expectations and assumptions of the Company's management. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding the Company's plans and objectives, expectations and assumptions of management are forward-looking statements. The use of certain words, including the words "estimate," "project," "intend," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "will,” "plan," "could," "may" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. Various important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements including receipt of regulatory approvals and market conditions. The forward-looking statements are made as of this date and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.CONTACT INFORMATIONContact:Roy PriebKleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.(203) -428-4596 email: pr@kleopharmaceuticals.comwebsite: www.kleopharmaceuticals.com 







Roy Prieb


September 22, 2016




Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Appoints David A. Spiegel as Chief Executive Officer



Roy Prieb


September 22, 2016





New Haven, CT—September 19, 2016Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc., a biotechnology company pioneering a new class of immunotherapies utilizing small molecules to activate an individual’s own immune system to fight against cancers and infectious diseases, announced today the appointment of David A. Spiegel, M.D. Ph.D., as Chief Executive Officer effective immediately. Dr. Spiegel will also serve on the company’s Board of Directors. He is a co-founder of Kleo Pharmaceuticals and the scientist who discovered and developed Antibody Recruiting Molecules (ARMs) and Synthetic Antibody Mimics (SyAMs) in his laboratory at Yale University.“Because the ARM and SyAM platforms are unique technologies with such tremendous potential for expanding the field of immunotherapy, we felt it was absolutely key for us to have David’s mind and leadership at the helm of the company that will champion this approach in the clinic. We are looking forward to contributing our development and commercial experience and expertise to transform David’s vision into a life-changing reality for patients,” said Declan Doogan, M.D., Chairman of the Board for Biohaven Pharmaceuticals, which led Kleo’s series A financing.“This is a golden age for immunotherapies and I am very grateful to be a part of this revolution in patient treatment options,” said Dr. Spiegel. “Small molecule immunotherapies have so many unique and potentially advantageous characteristics when compared to biologics that it will be exciting to see where our platforms will ultimately be best deployed in the fight against disease.”Dr. Spiegel is a Professor of Chemistry and Pharmacology at Yale University where he heads the Spiegel Research Group. During his time as a faculty member, he has led research efforts in a number of successful directions, ranging from the development of antibody-recruiting molecules to fundamental studies of advanced glycation end-products. He has co-authored over 40 peer-reviewed publications and is an inventor with over a dozen patents. He has consulted to International Flavors and Fragrances, Novartis Institute for Biomedical Research, Bristol-Myers Squibb, and Allied-Bristol Life Sciences. He has been recognized with various awards and honors, including the NIH Director’s New Innovator Award, the Department of Defense Era of Hope Scholar Award, the Ellison Medical Foundation New Scholar Award in Aging Research, the Novartis Early Career Award in Organic Chemistry, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Grand Challenges Explorations Award, an Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Fellowship, an Arthur C. Cope Early Career Scholars Award, and others.About Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a biotechnology company initially formed on the basis of intellectual property from the Spiegel Lab at Yale University. The company was founded by Dr. David Spiegel and Roy Prieb is focused on developing a new class of targeted immunotherapies. The company is based in New Haven, CT. Further information regarding Kleo can be found at: http://kleopharmaceuticals.com.About Biohaven PharmaceuticalsBiohaven recently provided Series A funding to Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and entered into a master services agreement to provide clinical development support to help advance Kleo’s small molecule, immune based therapeutics called Antibody Recruiting Molecules (ARMs) and Synthetic Antibody Mimics (SyAMS). Biohaven is a privately-held biopharmaceutical company with expertise in late stage clinical development and has a portfolio of multiple late stage drug assets. Biohaven has licensed intellectual property from Yale University, Catalent, ALS Biopharma LLC, and Massachusetts General Hospital. The company has advanced multiple candidates into the clinic and plans on pivotal trials beginning late 2016. Biohaven is owned by a group of investors including Yale University, Portage Biotech Inc. (OTC Market: PTGEF, Canadian Securities Exchange: PBT.U), John W. Childs and other private investors. Further information regarding Biohaven can be found at: http://biohavenpharma.com.Forward-Looking StatementsThis news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal and Canadian securities laws. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties, including statements that are based on the current expectations and assumptions of the Company's management. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding the Company's plans and objectives, expectations and assumptions of management are forward-looking statements. The use of certain words, including the words "estimate," "project," "intend," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "will,” "plan," "could," "may" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. Various important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements including receipt of regulatory approvals and market conditions. The forward-looking statements are made as of this date and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.CONTACT INFORMATIONContact:Roy PriebKleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.(203) - 691 - 6332email: pr@kleopharmaceuticals.comwebsite: www.kleopharmaceuticals.com







Roy Prieb


September  6, 2016




Kleo looks to new I-O tack with ARMs and SyAMs



Roy Prieb


September  6, 2016





By Marie Powers, News EditorBioworld Today, September 6, 2016Yale University spinout Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. raised a series A to fund development of its antibody recruiting molecules, or ARMs, and synthetic antibody mimics, or SyAMs,..







Roy Prieb


September  1, 2016




Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Secures Series A Funding to Advance the Development of Antibody Recruiting Molecules (ARMs) and Synthetic Antibody Mimics (SyAMs)



Roy Prieb


September  1, 2016





ARMs and SyAMs represent a new class of targeted immunotherapies utilizing small molecules to fight cancer and infectious diseaseNew Haven, CT - September 1, 2016Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc., a biotechnology company pioneering a new class of immunotherapies utilizing small molecules to activate an individual’s own immune system to fight against cancers and infectious diseases, announced today it has completed its Series A funding. The Series A round is being led by Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Company, Ltd. (Biohaven) and will support the company’s development platform of Antibody Recruiting Molecules (ARMs) and Synthetic Antibody Mimics (SyAMs).ARMs are bifunctional or ‘two-headed’ chemical structures designed such that one head interacts with disease-relevant molecular targets (such as cancers), while the other head interacts directly with antibodies already present in a person’s bloodstream. SyAMs are novel synthetic molecules that possess both the targeting and effector cell activating functions of antibodies. The new drugs being developed by Kleo recruit the immune system to target and kill disease specific cells.Kleo Pharmaceuticals was founded on the research of David A. Spiegel, MD PhD, a professor of Chemistry and Pharmacology at Yale University. “Biologics have been the gold standard for immunotherapies. With ARMs and SyAMs, we have the opportunity to raise that bar,” said Dr. Spiegel. ”Our ability to rationally design and synthesize small molecules that emulate the functionality of biologics represents a great advancement in the field. Our molecules are hundreds of times lighter than their biological counterparts and thus may infiltrate tissue more efficiently than large proteins. These small molecules are easier to produce, more tractable to engineer, and non-immunogenic.  It’s a tremendously exciting time.”“Kleo’s groundbreaking technology opens up exciting new paths in the development of innovative immunotherapies,” said Declan Doogan, M.D., Chairman of Biohaven Pharmaceuticals. “We were drawn to this opportunity by both the strength of the technology and the ambitious vision Dr. Spiegel has for applying it to advance treatment options for patients across a wide range of indications. In addition to our investment, we look forward to partnering with Kleo’s team to help drive clinical development of its ARM and SyAM platform technologies.” About Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a biotech company initially formed on the basis of intellectual property from the Spiegel Lab at Yale University. The company was founded by Dr. David Spiegel and Roy Prieb and is focused on developing a new class of targeted immunotherapies. Further information regarding Kleo Pharmaceuticals can be found at: http://kleopharmaceuticals.comAbout BiohavenBiohaven is a privately-held biopharmaceutical company with particular expertise in late stage clinical development and has portfolio of multiple late stage drug assets. Biohaven has licensed intellectual property from Yale University, Catalent, ALS Biopharma LLC and Massachusetts General Hospital. Further information regarding Biohaven can be found at: http://biohavenpharma.com Contact:Roy PriebKleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.(203) 691-6332email: pr@kleopharmaceuticals.comwebsite: www.kleopharmaceuticals.com







Roy Prieb


September  1, 2016




Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. Licenses Intellectual Property from Yale University Related to Targeted Immunotherapies 



Roy Prieb


September  1, 2016





Proprietary platform technology covering Antibody Recruiting Molecules (ARMs) and Synthetic Antibody Mimics (SyAMs) represent two novel classes of small molecules targeting the immune systemNew Haven, CT—September 1, 2016Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.  announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement with Yale University to license world-wide intellectual property rights related to Antibody Recruiting Molecules (ARMs) and Synthetic Antibody Molecules (SyAMs) originally developed in the laboratory of David A. Spiegel, MD, PhD.This new class of drugs discovered by Dr. Spiegel are bifunctional small molecules that can recruit the immune system to target and kill specific disease cells. These molecules combine the advantages of biologics with those of traditional small molecules. The technology promises to further expand the already large, growing market for immunotherapies by improving overall treatment efficacy, safety and accessibility.Dr. Spiegel commented,  ”This technology emerged from years of research that began as an exploration of using small molecules to manipulate the body’s natural capabilities in fighting disease. Initial proof of concept experiments in animals successfully demonstrate the safety and efficacy of ARMs and SyAMs as immunomodulatory drugs. I’m very excited to see how they will perform in clinical development.“Kleo received support to launch the platform from the Office of Cooperative Research (OCR) which guides the commercialization process for Yale faculty and researchers. The intellectual property technology and lead molecules licensed from Yale includes all  aspects of the ARM and SyAM platform with the exception of a single target (PSMA) that was previously licensed from Yale University to Allied-Bristol Life Sciences (ABLS) last year.“We see tremendous opportunities to leverage Dr. Spiegel’s research in the development of novel treatments for a wide range of diseases,” said Roy Prieb, co-founder at Kleo Pharmaceuticals. “We are excited to bring to bear the necessary resources and industry talent to translate his success in the lab into advances in clinical development. It’s been an absolute pleasure working with Yale and Dr. Spiegel to form this partnership and we look forward to building a long, fruitful collaboration.”Jon Soderstrom, PhD, Managing Director of OCR said “Dr. Spiegel and the OCR team have worked together to cultivate the intellectual property, solidify the business opportunity and build relationships with investors to make the founding of Kleo a reality. I think he’s a fantastic example of how entrepreneurship is flourishing in our academic community. We look forward to seeing the technology make its way into new, effective treatments for patients. “  About the Yale Office of Cooperative ResearchSince its founding in 1982, the Yale Office of Cooperative Research (OCR) has built a significant portfolio of inventions and patents and has grown into an engine of regional economic development. Its mission is to facilitate the translation of research from Yale’s labs into products and services that benefit society. OCR is recognized as a leading force for catalyzing economic growth by identifying, counseling and nurturing early-stage technologies and guiding the transition into robust companies. Learn more at: ocr.yale.edu.About Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc.Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. is creating a new class of drugs utilizing small molecules as targeted immunotherapies. The molecules, called Antibody Recruiting Molecules (ARMs) and Synthetic Antibody Mimics (SyAMs) are bifunctional small molecules that can recruit the immune system to target and kill specific disease-causing cells. The company’s technology is built on the research of Dr. David Spiegel, MD, PhD of Yale University and has primary application in oncology indications as well as potential in infectious disease.Contact:Roy PriebKleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.(203) 691-6332email: pr@kleopharmaceuticals.comwebsite: www.kleopharmaceuticals.com







Roy Prieb


December 31, 2015




Kleo Pharmaceuticals Awarded $50K Innovation Prize By Boehringer Ingelheim and Boehringer Ingelheim Venture Fund



Roy Prieb


December 31, 2015





Kleo Pharmaceuticals was awarded the inaugural $50K Innovation Prize sponsored by Boehringer Ingelheim and Boehringer Ingelheim Venture Fund as recognition of its work in developing small molecule immunotherapies.New Haven, CT - December 31, 2015Kleo Pharmaceuticals Inc (Kleo). a biotechnology company pioneering a new class of small molecule immunotherapies, won the inaugural $50K Innovation Prize at the partnering day event hosted at Massachusetts Biotechnology Council (MassBio), and sponsored by Boehringer Ingelheim (BI) and Boehringer Ingelhiem Venture Fund (BIVF). Kleo was one of 15 early stage companies selected to present and compete at the event, which was attended by more than 200 industry and academic innovators in the life sciences. Attendees voted to determine the top five companies with the most technologies and the winner was selected from that group by a panel of BI and BIVF professionals. "We are thrilled to be part of such a vibrant biotech community," said Dr. David Spiegel,  Kleo's founder, "It's a great honor to be recognized by BI and BIVF for the work that has been done and what we are setting out to do with small molecule immunotherapies. We look forward to advancing our technology to the clinic and building a collaborative relationship with the industry. Many thanks to all who participated." About Kleo PharmaceuticalsKleo Pharmaceuticals Inc. is creating a new class of drugs utilizing small molecules as targeted immunotherapies. The molecules, called Antibody Recruiting Molecules (ARMs) and Synthetic Antibody Mimics (SyAMs) are bifunctional small molecules that can recruit the immune system to target and kill specific disease-causing cells. The company's technology is built on the research of Dr. David Spiegel, MD, PhD of Yale University and has primary application in oncology indications as well as potential in infectious diseases.Additional Information:Boehringer Ingelheim Newsletter - December 2015 Contact InformationRoy PriebKleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.(203) 691-6332email: pr@kleopharmaceuticals.comwebsite: www.kleopharmacuticals.com



















