


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Home | Klingenstein Fields






























CLIENT LOGIN


Toggle Navigation












            Who We Are
            Our MissionOur HeritageKey Team Members
            Working With Us
            Wealth Planning Investment ManagementYour Customized PortfolioYour Trusted Partner
            Our Strategies
            Core Equity Strategy
            News & Insights
            
        
            Contact
            
        
            Client Login
            
        

































X








X








X








X








X





































































Providing customized wealth management to meet the sophisticated needs of wealthy families for generations.




Who We Are



Working With Us









 Most Recent:
Raising Financially Responsible Children
Pitfalls in Sustaining Wealth for Future Generations
















Contact | Klingenstein Fields






























CLIENT LOGIN


Toggle Navigation












            Who We Are
            Our MissionOur HeritageKey Team Members
            Working With Us
            Wealth Planning Investment ManagementYour Customized PortfolioYour Trusted Partner
            Our Strategies
            Core Equity Strategy
            News & Insights
            
        
            Contact
            
        
            Client Login
            
        











We look forward to helping you.
We understand and respect that when you choose us as your wealth advisor, you welcome us into your lives. We value that relationship and will do all we can to serve you and the trust you place in us.
We invite you to learn more about Klingenstein Fields Wealth Advisors.
 Klingenstein Fields Wealth Advisors 125 Park Avenue Suite 1700 New York, NY 10017-5529  Tel: 212.492.7000 Fax: 212.492.7007 info@klingenstein.com
















Disclosure Information | Klingenstein Fields






























CLIENT LOGIN


Toggle Navigation












            Who We Are
            Our MissionOur HeritageKey Team Members
            Working With Us
            Wealth Planning Investment ManagementYour Customized PortfolioYour Trusted Partner
            Our Strategies
            Core Equity Strategy
            News & Insights
            
        
            Contact
            
        
            Client Login
            
        










IMPORTANT DISCLOSURE INFORMATION
Klingenstein, Fields & Co., L.L.C., doing business as Klingenstein Fields Wealth Advisors (“KFWA”) is an SEC registered investment adviser located in New York, New York. KFWA and its representatives are in compliance with the current filing requirements imposed upon SEC registered investment advisers by those states in which KFWA maintains clients. KFWA may only transact business in those states and other jurisdictions in which it is registered, or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration requirements. KFWA’s website is limited to the dissemination of general information pertaining to its advisory services, together with access to additional investment-related information, publications, and links. Accordingly, the publication of KFWA’s website on the Internet should not be construed by any consumer and/or prospective client as KFWA’s solicitation to effect, or attempt to effect transactions in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, over the Internet. Any subsequent, direct communication by KFWA with a prospective client shall be conducted by a representative that is either registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration in the state where the prospective client resides. For information pertaining to the registration status of KFWA, please contact the SEC or the state securities regulators for those states in which KFWA maintains a notice filing. A copy of KFWA’s current written disclosure statement discussing KFWA’s business operations, services, and fees is available by clicking here. KFWA does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of any information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to KFWA website or incorporated herein, and takes no responsibility therefore. All such information is provided solely for convenience purposes only and all users thereof should be guided accordingly.
Please remember that different types of investments involve varying degrees of risk, and there can be no assurance that the future performance of any specific investment or investment strategy (including those undertaken or recommended by KFWA), will be profitable or equal any historical performance level(s).
Certain portions of KFWA’s website (i.e. newsletters, articles, commentaries, etc.) may contain a discussion of, and/or provide access to, KFWA (and those of other investment and non-investment professionals) positions and/or recommendations as of a specific prior date. Due to various factors, including changing market conditions, such discussion may no longer be reflective of current position(s) and/or recommendation(s). Moreover, no client or prospective client should assume that any such discussion serves as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized advice from KFWA, or from any other investment professional. KFWA is neither an attorney nor an accountant, and no portion of the website content should be interpreted as legal, accounting or tax advice.
Rankings and/or recognition by unaffiliated rating services and/or publications should not be construed by a client or prospective client as a guarantee that he/she will experience a certain level of results if KFWA is engaged, or continues to be engaged, to provide investment advisory services, nor should it be construed as a current or past endorsement of KFWA by any of its clients. Rankings published by magazines, and others, generally base their selections exclusively on information prepared and/or submitted by the recognized adviser. Rankings are generally limited to participating advisers.
To the extent that any client or prospective client utilizes any economic calculator or similar interactive device contained within or linked to KFWA’s website, the client and/or prospective client acknowledges and understands that the information resulting from the use of any such calculator/device, is not, and should not be construed, in any manner whatsoever, as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized individual advice from KFWA, or from any other investment professional.
Each client and prospective client agrees, as a condition precedent to his/her/its access to KFWA’s website, to release and hold harmless KFWA, its officers, directors, owners, employees and agents from any and all adverse consequences resulting from any of his/her/its actions and/or omissions which are independent of his/her/its receipt of personalized individual advice from KFWA.















Our Strategies | Klingenstein Fields






























CLIENT LOGIN


Toggle Navigation












            Who We Are
            Our MissionOur HeritageKey Team Members
            Working With Us
            Wealth Planning Investment ManagementYour Customized PortfolioYour Trusted Partner
            Our Strategies
            Core Equity Strategy
            News & Insights
            
        
            Contact
            
        
            Client Login
            
        










GLOBAL VALUE STRATEGY
The manager of the Global Value Strategy believes that valuation discipline is a key ingredient to successful investment outcomes. As a result, we search across the globe for companies that appear out of favor, with significant earnings prospects that we believe are selling at major discount, 30-50% in many cases, to intrinsic value. We try to maintain a 50/50 split between U.S. and non-U.S holdings. Our investment process is labor intensive with rigid parameters on valuation. We seek to identify situations where other investors have reacted emotionally, This gives us an opportunity to buy the shares of businesses that would otherwise be considered cash generating machines at very attractive prices where we believe there is limited incremental down-side risk. 
To find these opportunities we run a series of weekly screens, across global markets, that highlight companies trading at multi-year lows and businesses that are available at low multiples to earnings. We eliminate financially weak companies and insist that our new idea list only contain businesses with minimal debt service and strong free cash flow. We will initiate a position if shares can be purchased at a 30-40% discount to its intrinsic or private market value and we feel that it has 50-100% upside potential over a 3-5 year period.
INVESTMENT STRATEGY ADVANTAGES
Historically, owning high-quality undervalued companies for the long term has produced superior returns in comparison to other investment strategies. High-quality companies tend to have stable business models that perform well in both good and bad economic times.
INVESTMENT CHARACTERISTICS

Low debt ratios
Strong free cash flow
Strong prospective earnings momentum
Low earnings multiples










﻿




























Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC Cuts Stake in AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for AbbVie Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor AbbVie Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Nord/LB Analysts Give Allianz SE (ALV) a €174.00 Price Target
Bayer AG (BAYN) PT Set at €120.00 by Baader Bank
UBS AG Reiterates “€68.00” Price Target for Drillisch AG (DRI)
Covestro AG (ETR:1COV) PT Set at €58.00 by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
Bertrandt AG (ETR:BDT) Given a €100.00 Price Target at Warburg Research
Mitchells & Butlers plc (MAB) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Northgate plc (LON:NTG) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts
Tullow Oil plc (LON:TLW) Rating Reiterated by Macquarie
Paysafe Group Plc (LON:OPAY) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages
Osram Licht AG (FRA:OSR) PT Set at €51.00 by Kepler Capital Markets
GlaxoSmithKline plc (LON:GSK) PT Set at GBX 1,700 by Morgan Stanley
Credit Suisse Group Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Foxtons Group PLC (LON:FOXT)
Merck KGaA (MRK) PT Set at €110.00 by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
Brooks Macdonald Group plc (LON:BRK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer
Ascential PLC (ASCL) Price Target Increased to GBX 410 by Analysts at Citigroup Inc.
J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give Daimler AG (DAI) a €85.00 Price Target
Compass Group plc (LON:CPG) PT Raised to GBX 1,630 at Canaccord Genuity
HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Sunday
Ladbrokes Coral Group PLC (LAD) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital
Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) Given a €15.40 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts



 


Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC Cuts Stake in AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV)

					Posted by Rex Bailey on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC cut its position in  AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) by 11.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 21,244 shares of the company’s stock after selling 2,613 shares during the period. Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC’s holdings in AbbVie were worth $1,384,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of  AbbVie during the fourth quarter worth about $823,984,000.  Glenview Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of  AbbVie during the fourth quarter worth about $570,905,000.  Wedge Capital Management L L P NC acquired a new stake in shares of  AbbVie during the first quarter worth about $46,744,000.  DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main acquired a new stake in shares of  AbbVie during the fourth quarter worth about $41,452,000.  Finally, Orbis Allan Gray Ltd boosted its stake in shares of  AbbVie by 11.8% in the fourth quarter. Orbis Allan Gray Ltd now owns 5,485,407 shares of the company’s stock worth $343,496,000 after buying an additional 579,378 shares during the period. 68.08% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get AbbVie Inc. alerts:



AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) opened at 74.63 on Monday. The company has a market capitalization of $118.78 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.34 and a beta of 1.51. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $71.21 and a 200 day moving average of $65.76. AbbVie Inc. has a one year low of $55.06 and a one year high of $75.04. 




AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The company reported $1.28 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.26 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $6.54 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.49 billion. AbbVie had a net margin of 24.07% and a return on equity of 148.83%. AbbVie’s quarterly revenue was up 9.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.15 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts predict that  AbbVie Inc. will post $5.53 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, July 14th will be paid a dividend of $0.64 per share. This represents a $2.56 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.43%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 12th. AbbVie’s payout ratio is 66.32%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally  published by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/24/klingenstein-fields-co-llc-cuts-stake-in-abbvie-inc-nyseabbv.html. 
ABBV has been the subject of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of AbbVie from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 4th. Vetr raised shares of AbbVie from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $74.38 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, May 8th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price objective on shares of AbbVie from $64.00 to $65.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of AbbVie in a research note on Friday, May 26th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $65.00 price objective on shares of AbbVie in a research note on Wednesday, June 7th. Nine analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $74.52.
In other news, CFO William J. Chase sold 38,300 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.35, for a total transaction of $2,502,905.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 209,043 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $13,660,960.05. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Laura J. Schumacher sold 79,800 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.00, for a total transaction of $5,586,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 187,625 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $13,133,750. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 278,135 shares of company stock valued at $18,841,085 over the last ninety days. 0.23% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
AbbVie Company Profile
AbbVie Inc (AbbVie) is a research-based biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of pharmaceutical products. Its products are focused on treating conditions, such as chronic autoimmune diseases in rheumatology, gastroenterology and dermatology; oncology, including blood cancers; virology, including hepatitis C virus (HCV) and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV); neurological disorders, such as Parkinson’s disease and multiple sclerosis; metabolic diseases, including thyroid disease and complications associated with cystic fibrosis, and other serious health conditions.







Receive News & Ratings for AbbVie Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AbbVie Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Bayer AG  PT Set at €120.00 by Baader Bank





Nord/LB Analysts Give Allianz SE  a €174.00 Price Target





UBS AG Reiterates “€68.00” Price Target for Drillisch AG 





Bertrandt AG  Given a €100.00 Price Target at Warburg Research





Covestro AG  PT Set at €58.00 by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. 





Northgate plc  Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 






































News & Insights | Klingenstein Fields






























CLIENT LOGIN


Toggle Navigation












            Who We Are
            Our MissionOur HeritageKey Team Members
            Working With Us
            Wealth Planning Investment ManagementYour Customized PortfolioYour Trusted Partner
            Our Strategies
            Core Equity Strategy
            News & Insights
            
        
            Contact
            
        
            Client Login
            
        












Timely communications and insights to keep you informed.
News and Insights
Our goal is to provide you with valuable investment and market insights and perspectives.




Categories
KFWA in the news
Newsletters and articles
White papers










When Our Clients Talk, KFWA Listens




                            July 2017
                            
                        


Read more













What's New at KFWA 




                            July 2017
                            
                        


Read more













Raising Financially Responsible Children




                        
                            Raising Financially Responsible Children
                        

                        
                            June 2017
                            
                        


Read more













Money the Last Taboo




                        
                            The Last Taboo
                        

                        
                            June 2017
                            
                        


Read more













Innovative Thinking




                        
                            Ideas that help us better serve you
                        

                        
                            May 2017
                            
                        


Read more









Prev
 

Next











Klingenstein Fields Wealth Advisors: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 5:03 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Klingenstein Fields Wealth Advisors



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Klingenstein, Fields & Co., LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals, typically high net worth individuals. It also manages accounts for pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, charitable organizations, and corporations. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It also launches and manages equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in public equity markets of the United States. It invests in value stocks of large cap companies. The firm utilizes top-down approach to select the sectors and fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach to make its investments. Klingens...
Klingenstein, Fields & Co., LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals, typically high net worth individuals. It also manages accounts for pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, charitable organizations, and corporations. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It also launches and manages equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in public equity markets of the United States. It invests in value stocks of large cap companies. The firm utilizes top-down approach to select the sectors and fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach to make its investments. Klingenstein, Fields & Co. was founded in 1989 and is based in New York City.
Detailed Description


125 Park AvenueSuite 1700New York, NY 10017-5529United StatesFounded in 1989



Phone: 212-492-7000

Fax: 212-492-7007

www.klingenstein.com







Key Executives for Klingenstein Fields Wealth Advisors




Mr. Kenneth D. Pollinger


      	Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman
      








Mr. James W. Fields


      	President
      








Mr. Kenneth H. Fields


      	Co-Chairman and Co-Founder
      








Mrs. Jennifer Swei


      	Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
      








Ms. Susan H. Curry


      	Chief Operating Officer and Senior Vice President
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Klingenstein Fields Wealth Advisors Key Developments

Klingenstein Fields Wealth Advisors Promotes Maria Chambers to Chief Compliance Officer
Jan 27 17
Klingenstein Fields Wealth Advisors reported that Maria Chambers, Vice President, has been promoted to Chief Compliance Officer at the firm. According to a company release, Chambers' responsibilities include administering KFWA's compliance program, overseeing day to day compliance needs, maintaining and developing compliance policies, procedures and processes. Chambers joined KFWA in 2014 as Deputy Chief Compliance Officer with broad-based experience in investment management compliance.


Klingenstein Fields Wealth Advisors Promotes Maria Chambers to Chief Compliance Officer
Jan 18 17
Klingenstein Fields Wealth Advisors announced that Maria Chambers, Vice President, has been promoted to Chief Compliance Officer at the firm. Ms. Chambers's responsibilities include administering KFWA's compliance program, overseeing day to day compliance needs, maintaining and developing compliance policies, procedures and processes. Ms. Chambers joined KFWA in 2014 as Deputy Chief Compliance Officer with broad-based experience in investment management compliance. Before joining KFWA, she was a Vice President and Senior Compliance Officer at Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, where she and her team were responsible for investment guidelines and trade compliance, compliance risk assessment, overseeing annual review and testing, as well as mutual fund reporting and functioning as a general resource to investment management personnel. Prior to that, Ms. Chambers was a Compliance Officer at Morgan Stanley Investment Management, overseeing the compliance program for the firm's ultra-high net worth custom separately managed account and wrap account platforms, representing compliance in the strategic acquisitions of advisers and managing a team responsible for the North American compliance risk assessment and testing program and sub-adviser oversight.


Lacey Johnson Joins Klingenstein Fields Wealth Advisors as Director and Wealth Advisor
Apr 19 16
Klingenstein Fields Wealth Advisors (KFWA) announced that Lacey Johnson has joined the firm as a Director and Wealth Advisor. In this role, Ms. Johnson will be responsible for advising high-net-worth clients on a range of wealth management issues, as well as helping to grow the firm's client base. Ms. Johnson joins the firm from Fidelity Investments where she was Vice President, Financial Consultant responsible for the development and retention of over $1.5 billion in client assets.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Klingenstein Fields Wealth Advisors, please visit www.klingenstein.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Home | Klingenstein Fields






























CLIENT LOGIN


Toggle Navigation












            Who We Are
            Our MissionOur HeritageKey Team Members
            Working With Us
            Wealth Planning Investment ManagementYour Customized PortfolioYour Trusted Partner
            Our Strategies
            Core Equity Strategy
            News & Insights
            
        
            Contact
            
        
            Client Login
            
        

































X








X








X








X








X





































































Providing customized wealth management to meet the sophisticated needs of wealthy families for generations.




Who We Are



Working With Us









 Most Recent:
Raising Financially Responsible Children
Pitfalls in Sustaining Wealth for Future Generations












Advent’s Product Suite Provides Klingenstein, Fields & Co., L.L.C. with Comprehensive Front- to Back-Office Platform


































SEARCH ADVENT.COM





























EVENTS  |
                        




CONTACT  |
                        




LOGIN














SOLUTIONS


OUR CLIENTS


SERVICES


PARTNERS


INSIGHTS


ABOUT US





















































Advent’s Product Suite Provides Klingenstein, Fields & Co., L.L.C. with Comprehensive Front- to Back-Office Platform








Advent’s Product Suite Provides Klingenstein, Fields & Co., L.L.C. with Comprehensive Front- to Back-Office Platform





Advent’s Product Suite Provides Klingenstein, Fields & Co., L.L.C. with Comprehensive Front- to Back-Office Platform
Wealth Manager Leaves CheckFree APL for Advent’s Automated and Integrated Solution
SAN FRANCISCO – September 1, 2009 – Advent Software, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADVS), a leading provider of software and services for the global investment management industry, today announced that wealth management firm, Klingenstein, Fields & Co., L.L.C. is enjoying the benefits of Advent’s integrated suite of products.
Based in Manhattan, NY, Klingenstein has over $3 billion in assets under management and specializes in serving high-net-worth individuals and families.  The firm was looking to replace its current platform, which included CheckFree APL and other systems.  Klingenstein turned to Advent for its robust automated and integrated technology platform.  The decision to replace the firm’s core portfolio management system drove a wholesale change in Klingenstein’s operating platform, from a patchwork of systems to an integrated Advent suite comprised of:

Advent Portfolio Exchange® (APX), the award-winning end-to-end portfolio management solution that integrates the front-office functions of prospecting, marketing, and customer relationship management with the back-office operations of portfolio accounting and reporting.
Moxy®, Advent’s industry-leading trade order management system.
Advent’s straight-through processing tools, notably Advent® Custodial Data (ACD), its custodial data aggregation service which links APX with some 500 custodians, and Rex®, which automates reconciliation and eliminates manual error-checking.
Advent Revenue Center® for streamlined billing and revenue management.
“Previously, we had a number of systems that were neither integrated nor compatible; we knew that we stood to gain significant efficiencies through better integration,” said Jonathan Roberts, Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer, Klingenstein, Fields & Co.  “The comprehensive, integrated approach of Advent’s product suite made them very desirable, and having a complete straight-through-processing loop has produced unprecedented time savings and dramatic efficiency gains across the business.  It was very important for us to find a proven technology partner committed to investing in the future of its products and we have found that with Advent.”
“Advent’s product suite provides Klingenstein with an efficient and cost-effective front- to back-office solution designed to reliably handle the operational demands of their business and support their wealth management strategy,” said Anthony Sperling, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Advent’s Investment Management Group.  “We are delighted to be working with Klingenstein to provide them with a platform that facilitates their continued success.”
About AdventAdvent Software, Inc., a global firm, has provided trusted solutions to the world’s financial professionals since 1983.  Firms in 60 countries rely on Advent technology to run their mission-critical operations.  Advent’s quality software, data, services and tools enable financial professionals to improve service and communication to their clients, allowing them to grow their business while controlling costs.  Advent is the only financial services software company to be awarded the Service Capability and Performance certification for being a world-class support and services organization.  For more information on Advent products visit our product page.
Advent, the Advent logo, Advent Software, Advent Portfolio Exchange, Advent Revenue Center, Moxy and Rex are registered trademarks of Advent Software, Inc.  All other company names or marks mentioned herein are those of their respective owners.
Contact: Jessica MillerAdvent Software, Inc.(415) 645-1668jmiller@advent.com   
 


























 




Klingenstein Fields & Co LLC                                                                                             - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Klingenstein Fields & Co LLC
                                    



 





















K 


Klingenstein Fields & Co LLC                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



125 PARK AVE FL 17 NEW YORK, NY 10017
Get Directions



(212) 492-7000
www.klingenstein.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 1989
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $9,239,865.00
 Employee Count 33
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Frederick A Klingenstein                                                                                                







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Klingenstein Fields & Co Llc                                                                                             was founded in 1989, and is located at 125 Park Ave Fl 17 in New York. Additional information is available at www.klingenstein.com                                                                                     or by contacting Frederick A Klingenstein                                                                                                 at (212) 492-7000. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







K

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















John Klingenstein, Klingenstein Fields & Co LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
























Feedback





John Klingenstein

Principal/Co-Founder,
Klingenstein Fields & Co LLC






Career History




Principal/Co-Founder
Klingenstein Fields & Co LLC, PRESENT


President Emeritus
Esther A & Joseph Klingenstein Fund Inc/The, PRESENT


Partner
Klingenstein Fields & Co LLC, 1959-1989


Co-Founder
Klingenstein Fields & Co LLC, 1989-UNKNOWN


Partner
Wertheim & Co, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Yale University
Bachelor's Degree, Engineering


University of Michigan
Master's Degree








Memberships



Board Memberships




Teachers College


Trustee, PRESENT




Trustees of Columbia University in The City of New York/The


Trustee, PRESENT




Rensselaerville Institute/The


Trustee Emeritus, PRESENT



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


























Emerson Electric’s (EMR) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Emerson Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Suncor Energy  Inc. (SU) Upgraded to “Sell” by BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Downgrades Shutterstock, Inc. (NYSE:SSTK) to Hold					

Stericycle, Inc. (NASDAQ:SRCL) Upgraded at BidaskClub					

Student Transportation Inc (STB) Downgraded to Hold at BidaskClub					

Sterling Construction Company Inc (NASDAQ:STRL) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

Videocon d2h Limited (VDTH) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

Tennant Company (NYSE:TNC) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Downgrades Torchmark Corporation (TMK) to Hold					

Taylor Morrison Home Corp (NASDAQ:TMHC) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

Southern Company (The) (SO) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Sell					

Tucows Inc. (NASDAQ:TCX) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub					

Sanofi (NYSE:SNY) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub					

Gentherm Inc (THRM) Downgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub					

Sempra Energy (SRE) Rating Increased to Hold at BidaskClub					

SJW Corporation (SJW) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Hold					

BidaskClub Lowers Six Flags Entertainment Corporation New (NYSE:SIX) to Sell					

QUALCOMM Incorporated (NASDAQ:QCOM) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Strong Sell”					

Pretium Resources, Inc. (PVG) Rating Increased to Buy at BidaskClub					

QCR Holdings, Inc. (QCRH) Cut to “Hold” at BidaskClub					

Sunstone Hotel Investors, Inc. (NYSE:SHO) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Emerson Electric’s (EMR) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus					

						 July 19th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Nicole Kennedy 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 






Tweet










Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by research analysts at Stifel Nicolaus in a report issued on Wednesday. They currently have a $68.00 price objective on the industrial products company’s stock. Stifel Nicolaus’ target price points to a potential upside of 13.66% from the company’s current price.
A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Morgan Stanley  restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Emerson Electric in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. JMP Securities assumed coverage on shares of Emerson Electric in a report on Monday, June 19th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $70.00 target price for the company. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Emerson Electric from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, June 16th. Royal Bank Of Canada  restated a “hold” rating and set a $62.00 target price on shares of Emerson Electric in a report on Tuesday, June 6th. Finally, TheStreet upgraded shares of Emerson Electric from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. Emerson Electric currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $56.96.
Shares of Emerson Electric (EMR) traded up 0.6687% on Wednesday, hitting $60.2301. The company had a trading volume of 413,975 shares. The stock has a market cap of $38.82 billion, a PE ratio of 25.7284 and a beta of 1.20. The company has a 50-day moving average of $59.60 and a 200 day moving average of $59.52. Emerson Electric has a 12 month low of $49.22 and a 12 month high of $64.37. 




Emerson Electric (NYSE:EMR) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.58 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.58. The firm had revenue of $3.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.49 billion. Emerson Electric had a net margin of 8.72% and a return on equity of 23.37%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.57 earnings per share.  Analysts anticipate that  Emerson Electric will post $2.60 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Emerson Electric’s (EMR) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus” was first  posted by Watch List News and is owned by of Watch List News. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/emerson-electrics-emr-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-stifel-nicolaus/1452793.html. 
Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Seven Eight Capital LP purchased a new position in  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth about $234,000.  Ancora Advisors LLC purchased a new position in  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth about $158,000.  Guggenheim Capital LLC raised its position in  Emerson Electric by 3.9% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 880,473 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $49,087,000 after buying an additional 33,427 shares during the last quarter.  HCR Wealth Advisors purchased a new position in  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth about $1,120,000.  Finally, Congress Asset Management Co. MA purchased a new position in  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth about $201,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  68.87% of the company’s stock. 
About Emerson Electric
Emerson Electric Co is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions.



Receive News & Ratings for Emerson Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Nicole Kennedy 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 
































































Stock Observer














 















 



  
 
 







Internet Brands To Acquire WebMD in $2.8B Cash Deal
Jul 27th, 2017
				On Monday morning, Internet Brands announced a definitive agreement to purchase internet health info giant WebMD in a transaction valued at nearly $3 billion. Internet Brands—a KKR...   






Can Sears Save Its Appliances Business By Partnering with Amazon?

							Jul 23rd, 2017						 

							Amazon and Sears have been in the news a lot lately, but for the opposite reasons:...   
 





Low Fees and Good Earnings Spell An Excellent Day—and Quarter—for BlackRock

							Jul 22nd, 2017						 

							BlackRock is the largest asset management firm in the world and, on Monday,...   
 





Coca Cola (UK) To Double Recycled Plastics En Route to 100 Percent Recycled Materials in Bottles

							Jul 20th, 2017						 

							Estimates suggest that plastic bottle production is slated to grow another 20...   
 





Facebook To Unveil A Standalone Oculus VR Headset Next Year

							Jul 19th, 2017						 

							Facebook will in 2018 be unveiling a new Oculus VR headset that will operate...   
 
 
 



Headlines
Toshiba Will Pay To Finish Nuclear Reactors In Southern United States

					Jun 13th, 2017				





					The Tokyo-based Toshiba Corporation said, on Saturday, that it plans to contribute $3.68 billion to press onward with building two new nuclear reactors in the US state of Georgia. The company...  
More »

DHS Could Extend The Electronics Ban On Flights To Europe
Ford Has Designed A Crib That Mimics A Car Ride To Help Babies Sleep




Health
Can Prolonged Antibiotic Use Lead to Colon Cancer?

					Apr 7th, 2017				





					So, we are now learning that long-term antibiotic use—and a somewhat ignorant medical over-reliance on them—has contributed to the rise of superbugs. These are bacteria which are mostly immune...  
More »

Can A Daily Low-Dose Aspirin Reduce Risk from Cancer Death?
At Least 1 in 5 Adults in the US Infected By High-Risk Strain of HPV
Smoking Rates Down but Population Growth Keeps Smoking Death Rate High







Economy
OPEC Meeting Will Address Concerns Over Global Oil Glut

					Jul 26th, 2017				





					OPEC has recently expressed concerns regarding its plans to drain the global glut—which is supposed to help raise crude prices—is failing.
At a long-planned meeting in St. Petersburg, Russia,...  
More »

Oil Prices Up, but still struggling with direction




Technology
DHS Could Extend The Electronics Ban On Flights To Europe

					May 13th, 2017				





					A ban on large electronic items such as laptops in commercial flights headed to the United States might in the near future affect passengers from European countries. Currently the ‘laptop ban’...  
More »

Reports Loss And Stock Falls Sharply As Shareholders Take A Hit
Survey Reveals That Microsoft’s Surface Tablet More Satisfying Than The iPad




 
 






















Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Kimbal Musk Sells 4,690 Shares of Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) Stock
Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy”
Anthem, Inc. (ANTM) Position Boosted by Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd.
B.S. Pension Fund Trustee Ltd acting for the British Steel Pension Fund Sells 1,810 Shares of Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM)
11,609 Shares in Dollar General Corporation (NYSE:DG) Acquired by Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC
Jefferies Group LLC Boosts Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) Price Target to $77.00
SFR GROUP EUR1 (NASDAQ:NUMCF) Cut to “Outperform” at Royal Bank Of Canada
CenterState Banks (NASDAQ:CSFL) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows
Pier 1 Imports, Inc. (NYSE:PIR) PT Set at $4.00 by Credit Suisse Group
Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect CVR Energy (NYSE:CVI) Share Price
BidaskClub Upgrades Chevron Corporation (CVX) to Sell
Endo International PLC (NASDAQ:ENDP) Price Target Cut to $15.00
Liberty Property Trust (NYSE:LPT) Receives “Buy” Rating from Stifel Nicolaus
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Camping World Holdings Inc. (NYSE:CWH) to Sell
McBride plc (MCB) Given Buy Rating at Investec
Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley
Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €100.00 Price Target by Societe Generale Analysts
Compass Group plc (LON:CPG) PT Raised to GBX 1,870 at Credit Suisse Group
Boston Private Financial Holdings (NASDAQ:BPFH) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.34
AbbVie Inc. Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.64 (NYSE:ABBV)



 
 
































