



Thomas J. Knapp - Osiris Therapeutics, Inc.























































PRODUCTS















Thomas J. Knapp
Back to Board of Directors


Director
 
Thomas J. Knapp was elected to the Board of Directors in 2017. Mr. Knapp has over 25 years of corporate and large legal firm experience with regulated industries, with experience including Federal and State regulatory matters, Federal government affairs, risk management, compliance, litigation, complex commercial transactions, and corporate governance. Mr. Knapp is presently Interim General Counsel and Corporate Secretary with Galena Biopharma, Inc., prior to which his experience includes serving as EVP, Chief Legal Officer, and Corporate Secretary of Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., as Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at NorthWestern Corporation, and in senior in-house attorney positions at The Boeing Company and The Burlington Northern & Santa Fe Railway Company.



 





















			MENU					



About
Therapeutic Areas
Technology
Products
Investors
Careers
News
Certifications
Connect




 



 


THOMAS J KNAPP - MEDFORD, NJ - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NJ



MEDFORD



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            THOMAS J KNAPP
                                    



 





















T 


THOMAS J KNAPP
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



22 BLACKHAWK CT MEDFORD, NJ 08055
Get Directions



(609) 953-0086





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts THOMAS J KNAPP







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Thomas J Knapp was founded in 2010. Thomas J Knapp specializes in Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




























Knapp Thomas J | Dunlawton FL | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Knapp, Thomas J?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Knapp, Thomas J
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






K







BZ Score:
90







License # 1091395




Dunlawton, FL









Knapp, Thomas J




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 



Updated: Jan 21, 2016





Overview

Knapp, Thomas J in Dunlawton, FL holds a Welder  license (1091395) according to the Wisconsin license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.BuildZoom has not verified this license since its expiration date. If you are thinking of hiring Knapp, Thomas J, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Knapp, Thomas J Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Sheet Metal Work
Ironwork and Welding






Contact


Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









858 Mason Ave, Daytona Beach, FL 32117



Moody Sheet Metal Works




License # 0016091


Daytona Beach, FL







94

BZ Score


$200
Avg Project 


2
Projects














927 Island Grove Dr, Deland, FL 32724



Jacob Sheet Metal Works Inc




License # CAC1815541


Deland, FL







106

BZ Score


$5.7K
Avg Project 


48
Projects














3900 N Forsyth Rd, Winter Park, FL 32792


Doudney Sheet Metal Works Inc




License # CSC056679


Winter Park, FL







90

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects













Knapp, Thomas J Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Knapp, Thomas J. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Knapp, Thomas J










1
Rate this ironworkers/welder







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this ironworkers/welder.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Knapp, Thomas J,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Knapp, Thomas J








94


Moody Sheet Metal Works







106


Jacob Sheet Metal Works Inc







90


Doudney Sheet Metal Works Inc






Request a Quote







License info














License Not Verified


License #1091395StatusActiveStateWisconsinTypeWelder


When BuildZoom last verified this license, it had an expiration date of December, 2012. Check the current license status of Knapp, Thomas J with the Wisconsin Department of Safety and Professional Services












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Wisconsin:













Does Knapp, Thomas J carry a valid contracting license?



All residential and commercial construction in Wisconsin requires a licensed contractor.
Knapp, Thomas J currently holds license 1091395 (Welder), which was Active when we last checked. 











Your liability risk when hiring Knapp, Thomas J



Licensed contractors in Wisconsin must carry both general liability and workers' compensation insurance, request a copy of current insurance certificates for each.











Financial recourse when hiring Knapp, Thomas J



Licensed contractors in Wisconsin are required to obtain a surety bond.In the event of losses or damages incurred during a construction project,a homeowner can file a claim against a contractors bond.











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Wisconsin, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal,and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner, choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Knapp, Thomas J
We will attempt to deliver your message to Knapp, Thomas J. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.













































































Galena Biopharma Inc. Interim GC Thomas J. Knapp's Views On Working With Outside Counsel in a Challenging Environment | Bloomberg BNA





















This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.






A cookie is a piece of data stored by your browser or device that helps websites like this one recognize return visitors. We use cookies to give you the best experience on BNA.com. Some cookies are also necessary for the technical operation of our website. If you continue browsing, you agree to this site’s use of cookies.
For even more information, see Privacy Policy: Our Policies Regarding the Collection of Information

I CONSENT TO COOKIES
MORE INFORMATION





































SIGN IN TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT 


CLOSE X





 
SIGN IN TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT






 


SIGN IN

 


Forgot your username or password?


















ALL PRODUCTS



All Products
Subscriptions
Portfolios
Books
Professional Learning





ABOUT US



About Us
Executive Team
Media
Careers
Contact Us





CONTACT US







SIGN INTO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT 


CLOSE X 




SIGN IN TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT


 
SIGN IN TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT







 


SIGN IN 



Forgot your username or password?

 








ALL


LEGAL
TAX & ACCOUNTING
EHS
HR & PAYROLL
ALL










MY ACCOUNT











Home


Legal


Insight Center


News


Corporate, Transactional and Antitrust

Galena Biopharma Inc. Interim GC Thomas J. Knapp's Views On Working With Outside Counsel in a Challenging Environment







NEWS








February 3, 2016
Galena Biopharma Inc. Interim GC Thomas J. Knapp's Views On Working With Outside Counsel in a Challenging Environment


REQUEST A TRIAL


From Corporate on Bloomberg Law

Stay current on changes and developments in corporate law with a wide variety of resources and tools.






As part of a series of
interviews with in-house counsel, Thomas J. Knapp, interim general
counsel of Galena Biopharma Inc., recently spoke with Bloomberg
BNA's Michael Greene on what it is like for a small company in the
competitive and highly regulated biopharmaceutical industry to work
with outside counsel. Knapp also discusses why he believes the law
firm model of billable hours isn't ideal for the provision of legal
services, and why it may be up to in-house counsel to drive change
in that area.




Bloomberg BNA:
 Could you
talk a little bit about how you became interim general counsel at
Galena Biopharma?


Thomas Knapp:
 I had been
general counsel of a small publicly traded pharmaceutical company
in Maryland and, after a management turnover, was looking for
another opportunity. I was introduced to the chief executive
officer of Galena Biopharma at a pharmaceutical conference in
Chicago and learned about the company, its history and its current
needs. Galena was attractive because it had a number of issues that
needed to be resolved quickly. The company is also working on a
very exciting trial to address a very serious unmet medical need—a
vaccine to prevent the reoccurrence of breast cancer. My mother
died after a recurrence of breast cancer, so the opportunity to be
part of a team working to prevent this disease was very appealing
to me. After a series of conversations with the CEO and board
members, we firmed up a deal.


BBNA: Was being an
in-house counsel always something in your plans?


Knapp: Not always. I have
had a varied career in that I have gone in-house, outside,
in-house, outside and now back inside. I've been in several
industries and with a governmental agency. If an opportunity
interested me and looked good, I jumped.


BBNA: How does the work
of being an in-house counsel differ from representing companies
while working at an external firm?


Knapp: It is quite a bit
different in that you have to make sure that your team of people is
fulfilling all of their duties accurately and appropriately, and in
the best interests of the company and its shareholders. You
obviously feel a strong sense of teamwork with all the other
employees to accomplish corporate objectives and follow the mission
of the company.
In a law firm, you are doing what's best for your
clients, but you also have to keep the interests of the law firm
(and of yourself) in your sights. In addition, even though you're
in the trenches with clients and get to know them very well, you
still go back to another office. And clients can change throughout
the day, the week, the month or the year.


BBNA: Could you address
the distinct challenges, and perhaps advantages, you may have in
each position?


Knapp: When you're
in-house you have one client—the company. You learn the people,
politics and business of the company from the inside out and are
able to take actions to help make the company successful. It is an
advantage to work with a team towards the success of one
organization. Of course, depending on the organization, it can also
be challenging to work within a corporate structure. In a law firm,
the disadvantage is that you're never really part of a team. You're
pretty much developing yourself and trying to maximize your
business. So you don't really have that sense of teamwork or the
concept of working towards a certain common goal.


BBNA: As a general
matter, what types of things attract you in looking for potential
outside counsel?


Knapp: Their ability,
experience and expertise are what I look for. An outside counsel's
understanding of the company's business is incredibly important to
me—it's the key to outside counsel success in representing any
company. It's crucially important that they know and have directly
relevant experience so they can hit the ground running and make
real contributions right out of the gate.


BBNA: What kind of things
alert you that a law firm knows your business as opposed to one
that doesn't?


Knapp: Actually, it is
easy to tell and becomes evident fairly quickly. Sometimes even one
conference call will tell the tale. After we explain a situation,
all you have to do is listen to responses and questions. If someone
knows the business, their responses and questions will be on point,
and so will their suggestions for possible actions.


BBNA: Are there any
factors that may turn you away from a particular law firm?


Knapp: Lack of knowledge
about the industry, attitude, and perhaps an unwillingness to work
on efficiencies and pricing. Also, if approaches are suggested that
aren't in keeping with the direction of the company, that firm
might not be a good fit with the organization, culturally or
otherwise. That happens sometimes. There are always several
approaches to every issue, and not everyone fits into the culture
of every organization.
So, as you would with any outside consultant, you're
looking to find the right fit. The attorney also has to be willing
to partner with you, to work with you on pricing, and to show he or
she can manage the people from the firm who are going to work for
and with your company.


BBNA: Can pricing be an
instant disqualifier?


Knapp: It would be a
disqualifier if a firm was unwilling to negotiate. In my view, all
firms should be willing to negotiate the price.


BBNA: As a general
matter, is there any type of work that you believe is better suited
to external counsel? Does being in a small company impact what
needs to be done with external counsel?


Knapp: Most smaller
organizations handle the bulk of their litigation externally. You
wouldn't be able to handle all litigation in-house because you
simply don't have the people.
Your big M&A deals probably also are going to be
outsourced.
On the other hand, regulatory and compliance issues
and contractual matters can be handled internally. In fact, if you
have a good contract administration group, you are going to be
doing probably 90 to 95 percent of your contracts in-house. And
that's probably a good thing because it allows the legal department
to learn the company's business as well as gain an appreciation of
other functional groups in the organization.
For intellectual property, you may go outside unless
you're big enough to have your own IP team. And the list goes
on.


BBNA: What type of ratio
does Galena Biopharma maintain between in-house and external
counsel?


Knapp: 50-50. Like other
small companies, Galena has a single in-house counsel. I probably
provide about 70 percent or less of the legal services for the
company because the GC role has really evolved into both a legal
and a business adviser role, so I spend a fair amount of time on
business issues.


BBNA: How many law firms
are you currently working with and do you see that continuing into
the future?


Knapp: We're using three
outside firms and that's unlikely to change in the immediate
future. Looking ahead, if the company is successful with its trial
and grows, that would be an opportunity to bring in in-house people
to deal with the additional legal services that come with
growth.


BBNA: What would tip the
scales, if anything, to using more outside firms?


Knapp: Time. There is
never enough of that commodity. Things always come up—a crisis here
or an important matter there that requires immediate attention.
That means more work for outside firms.


BBNA: What keeps you up
at night? The biopharma industry is under intense regulatory
scrutiny. How does this impact your work?


Knapp: It does impact
your work. A lot. You're always concerned that you are doing the
right thing, giving the correct advice. Making sure the i's are
dotted and the t's are crossed, and there are a lot of those. Being
swept into a government investigation is always a concern.
You're also always concerned that everyone in the
company knows what the right thing is and is doing it. There are a
lot of moving parts to keep track of. Making sure the company is on
the right track and successful, and keeping abreast and ahead of
changes in the regulatory environment certainly are things that
take up a fair amount of my attention.


BBNA: Has anything
changed within the last year that makes it more difficult to do
your job?


Knapp: You're always
going to be on the lookout to ensure that the company is in accord
with the regulatory environment. That environment, as well as the
case law for the environment, is constantly evolving. So you need
to be on top of that. I would say that's the part of the business
that changes from year to year.


BBNA: Are there other
issues you've encountered in your experience that you think may
interest other corporate counsel?


Knapp: I'm a member of a
group of in-house counsel that is working towards changing the
compensation model for external counsel. One of the suggested
approaches is compensating outside counsel by project instead of by
hours. Obviously, the model needs to be tweaked to be fair to
everyone, but it is food for thought.


BBNA: What, if anything,
can be done to change this model?


Knapp: More in-house
counsel need to negotiate this model with their outside firms. They
can experiment on small projects first to see how the arrangement
works for both parties. There is room for change, and in-house
counsel must be the drivers of that change.

Thomas J. Knapp 

Thomas Knapp has over 20 years of corporate and
large legal firm experience with regulated industries. Prior to
joining Galena Biopharma Inc., a publicly traded biopharmaceutical
company, as interim general counsel and corporate secretary, Knapp
was executive vice president, chief legal officer and corporate
secretary for Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc., a publicly traded
biopharmaceutical company, from 2010 to 2015 where he was
responsible for all in-house and outside legal activities,
including governance and compliance activities, litigation, M&A
and licensing. Prior to Sucampo, he was vice president, general
counsel and corporate secretary at NorthWestern Corp. He's also
held senior in-house attorney positions at the Boeing Co. and
Burlington Northern & Santa Fe Railway Co., and was of counsel
at Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker LLP.
Knapp also is a member of the Association of
Corporate Counsel and the American Bar Association.



Request Corporate on Bloomberg Law now













RELATED NEWS





RELATED BLOGS










BROWSE MORE LEGAL NEWS




Banking Finance & Securities


Bankruptcy


Corporate Transactional and Antitrust


Health Law


Intellectual Property


Labor & Employment


Law Practice


Litigation & E Discovery


Pension Benefits & Compensation


Privacy & Data Security


Tax Law


Technology Telecommunications & Internet





BROWSE MORE TAX & ACCOUNTING NEWS




Financial Accounting


Estates Gifts and Trusts


International Tax


State Tax


Federal Tax





BROWSE MORE EHS NEWS




Occupational Safety & Health


International Environment


Environmental Compliance


Conservation and Resources


Chemicals





BROWSE MORE HR & PAYROLL NEWS




International Payroll


Payroll


International Human Resources


HR Administration




 



STORY ALSO AVAILABLE ON




RELATED PRODUCTS














STANDING ORDERS

All Bloomberg BNA treatises are available on standing order, which ensures you will always receive the most current edition of the book or supplement of the title you have ordered from Bloomberg BNA’s book division. As soon as a new supplement or edition is published (usually annually) for a title you’ve previously purchased and requested to be placed on standing order, we’ll ship it to you to review for 30 days without any obligation. During this period, you can either (a) honor the invoice and receive a 5% discount (in addition to any other discounts you may qualify for) off the then-current price of the update, plus shipping and handling or (b) return the book(s), in which case, your invoice will be cancelled upon receipt of the book(s). Call us for a prepaid UPS label for your return. It’s as simple and easy as that. Most importantly, standing orders mean you will never have to worry about the timeliness of the information you’re relying on. And, you may discontinue standing orders at any time by contacting us at 1.800.960.1220 or by sending an email to books@bna.com.

 Put me on standing order at a 5% discount off list price of all future updates, in addition to any other discounts I may quality for. (Returnable within 30 days.)
    

 Notify me when updates are available (No standing order will be created).
    


CONTINUE



STANDING ORDERS

This Bloomberg BNA report is available on standing order, which ensures you will all receive the latest edition. This report is updated annually and we will send you the latest edition once it has been published. By signing up for standing order you will never have to worry about the timeliness of the information you need. And, you may discontinue standing orders at any time by contacting us at 1.800.372.1033, option 5, or by sending us an email to research@bna.com.

 Put me on standing order
    

 Notify me when new releases are available (no standing order will be created)
    


CONTINUE































News & Analysis | Bloomberg BNA



















This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.






A cookie is a piece of data stored by your browser or device that helps websites like this one recognize return visitors. We use cookies to give you the best experience on BNA.com. Some cookies are also necessary for the technical operation of our website. If you continue browsing, you agree to this site’s use of cookies.
For even more information, see Privacy Policy: Our Policies Regarding the Collection of Information

I CONSENT TO COOKIES
MORE INFORMATION





































SIGN IN TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT 


CLOSE X





 
SIGN IN TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT






 


SIGN IN

 


Forgot your username or password?


















ALL PRODUCTS



All Products
Subscriptions
Portfolios
Books
Professional Learning





ABOUT US



About Us
Executive Team
Media
Careers
Contact Us





CONTACT US







SIGN INTO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT 


CLOSE X 




SIGN IN TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT


 
SIGN IN TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT







 


SIGN IN 



Forgot your username or password?

 








ALL


LEGAL
TAX & ACCOUNTING
EHS
HR & PAYROLL
ALL










MY ACCOUNT











INSIGHT CENTER









FILTER BY







TOPICS
TOPICS





TYPE
TYPE

Clear Selections















STANDING ORDERS

All Bloomberg BNA treatises are available on standing order, which ensures you will always receive the most current edition of the book or supplement of the title you have ordered from Bloomberg BNA’s book division. As soon as a new supplement or edition is published (usually annually) for a title you’ve previously purchased and requested to be placed on standing order, we’ll ship it to you to review for 30 days without any obligation. During this period, you can either (a) honor the invoice and receive a 5% discount (in addition to any other discounts you may qualify for) off the then-current price of the update, plus shipping and handling or (b) return the book(s), in which case, your invoice will be cancelled upon receipt of the book(s). Call us for a prepaid UPS label for your return. It’s as simple and easy as that. Most importantly, standing orders mean you will never have to worry about the timeliness of the information you’re relying on. And, you may discontinue standing orders at any time by contacting us at 1.800.960.1220 or by sending an email to books@bna.com.

 Put me on standing order at a 5% discount off list price of all future updates, in addition to any other discounts I may quality for. (Returnable within 30 days.)
    

 Notify me when updates are available (No standing order will be created).
    


CONTINUE



STANDING ORDERS

This Bloomberg BNA report is available on standing order, which ensures you will all receive the latest edition. This report is updated annually and we will send you the latest edition once it has been published. By signing up for standing order you will never have to worry about the timeliness of the information you need. And, you may discontinue standing orders at any time by contacting us at 1.800.372.1033, option 5, or by sending us an email to research@bna.com.

 Put me on standing order
    

 Notify me when new releases are available (no standing order will be created)
    


CONTINUE































News & Analysis | Bloomberg BNA



















This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.






A cookie is a piece of data stored by your browser or device that helps websites like this one recognize return visitors. We use cookies to give you the best experience on BNA.com. Some cookies are also necessary for the technical operation of our website. If you continue browsing, you agree to this site’s use of cookies.
For even more information, see Privacy Policy: Our Policies Regarding the Collection of Information

I CONSENT TO COOKIES
MORE INFORMATION





































SIGN IN TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT 


CLOSE X





 
SIGN IN TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT






 


SIGN IN

 


Forgot your username or password?


















ALL PRODUCTS



All Products
Subscriptions
Portfolios
Books
Professional Learning





ABOUT US



About Us
Executive Team
Media
Careers
Contact Us





CONTACT US







SIGN INTO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT 


CLOSE X 




SIGN IN TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT


 
SIGN IN TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS/ACCOUNT







 


SIGN IN 



Forgot your username or password?

 








ALL


LEGAL
TAX & ACCOUNTING
EHS
HR & PAYROLL
ALL










MY ACCOUNT











INSIGHT CENTER









FILTER BY







TOPICS
TOPICS





TYPE
TYPE

Clear Selections















STANDING ORDERS

All Bloomberg BNA treatises are available on standing order, which ensures you will always receive the most current edition of the book or supplement of the title you have ordered from Bloomberg BNA’s book division. As soon as a new supplement or edition is published (usually annually) for a title you’ve previously purchased and requested to be placed on standing order, we’ll ship it to you to review for 30 days without any obligation. During this period, you can either (a) honor the invoice and receive a 5% discount (in addition to any other discounts you may qualify for) off the then-current price of the update, plus shipping and handling or (b) return the book(s), in which case, your invoice will be cancelled upon receipt of the book(s). Call us for a prepaid UPS label for your return. It’s as simple and easy as that. Most importantly, standing orders mean you will never have to worry about the timeliness of the information you’re relying on. And, you may discontinue standing orders at any time by contacting us at 1.800.960.1220 or by sending an email to books@bna.com.

 Put me on standing order at a 5% discount off list price of all future updates, in addition to any other discounts I may quality for. (Returnable within 30 days.)
    

 Notify me when updates are available (No standing order will be created).
    


CONTINUE



STANDING ORDERS

This Bloomberg BNA report is available on standing order, which ensures you will all receive the latest edition. This report is updated annually and we will send you the latest edition once it has been published. By signing up for standing order you will never have to worry about the timeliness of the information you need. And, you may discontinue standing orders at any time by contacting us at 1.800.372.1033, option 5, or by sending us an email to research@bna.com.

 Put me on standing order
    

 Notify me when new releases are available (no standing order will be created)
    


CONTINUE



























Knapp, Spencer | Department of Chemistry & Chemical Biology



































Skip to main content









tet
         


 







 






HomeUndergradAdvisingAdvisorsFor Transfer StudentsRegistration ProblemsTransfer CreditGrade AppealsLearning GoalsAchievement Awards2017201620152014CareerCoursesFall CoursesSpring CoursesHonorsJobsMajorIntroductionCoreACSBusiness/LawChemical BiologyChemical PhysicsEnvironmentalForensic ChemistryMinorResearchApplicationGraduateGraduate Degree ProgramsHow to ApplyFellowships and AwardsCoursesFall CoursesSpring CoursesRules, Procedures and FormsJobsPeopleFacultyEmeritus FacultyTeaching FacultyResearch ProfessorsResearch StaffPost DocsGraduate StudentsStaffAllResearchHighlightsPriorResearch AreasAnalytical ChemistryBiophysical ChemistryInorganic ChemistryMaterials ChemistryOrganic ChemistryPhysical ChemistryBiomolecular NMRHomePeopleInstrumentsExperimentsTrainingChemistry NMRHomeInstrumentsScheduling/RatesTrainingFacilitiesOverviewCLDMass SpectrometryX-Ray FacilityGlassblowing ServicesCenters & InstitutesEventsAll UpcomingColloquia Schedule2017 EventsPast Years201620152014201320122011About UsNewsCCB NewslettersUseful LinksDirectionsThe ChairDepartment UsersAdmin ProceduresInstrument SchedulingNMR 300/400/500NMR 600/700/800X-Ray LabIT HelpdeskMaintenance Issues / EmergenciesPayroll FormsWeb Apps.LoginContact 





Search form

Search 





 

 









Knapp, Spencer





Position: Professor
Phone: 848-445-2627  FAX: 732-445-5312
E-mail: 
Office: Wright Rieman Labs 321/312B/317
Mail: Chemistry & Chemical Biology, 610 Taylor Road, Piscataway, NJ 08854
Education

B.A. 1972, Ph.D. 1975, Cornell University (Jerrold Meinwald)
NIH Postdoctoral 1975-1977, Harvard University (E. J. Corey)

Research Summary
My research interests are in synthetic organic chemistry, including the development of new synthetic methods and the synthesis of natural products. Over the last 36 years we have developed methods for the stereoselective functionalization of alkenes, the construction of a variety of nitrogen and sulfur containing heterocycles, and the selective synthesis and transformation of carbohydrates and nucleosides. Methods for the oxido-accelerated retro-Diels-Alder reaction, "iodolactamization", carboxylate selenonation, and the N-benzoylcarbamate and carbonimidothioate cyclizations were developed in these labs. We have applied this chemistry to the synthesis of approximately 20 natural products, including slaframine, tetrahydropseudodistomin, capuramycin, trehazolin, conduritol A, rosmariquinone, the shimofuridin nucleoside disaccharide, the protein kinase C inhibitor penazetadine, the ezomycin nucleoside disaccharide, the sialidase inhibitor siastatin B, the adenosine phosphodiesterase inhibitor griseolic acid B, the liposidomycin diazepanone nucleoside, and the M. tuberculosis detoxifier mycothiol. In other recent work, we have built and characterized porphyrin and chlorin dimers to help understand the structure and photophysics of the bacterial and plant photosystems, have investigated new syntheses, transformations, mechanisms, and applications of thioglycosides and seleninates, and have designed novel glycosidase inhibitors as a means to elucidate enzyme function and mechanism.
Current Work
Present synthetic targets include the nucleoside antibiotics griseolic acid A and liposidomycin B. We are also pursuing the discovery, optimization, and efficient synthesis of new antimalarial agents, as well as new methods for drug delivery and controlled release.
 
 
 
Awards & Honors
National Cancer Institute Young Investigator Award 1978-81
American Cyanamid Faculty Award 1992
Hoechst Celanese Innovative Research Award 1995
Recent Publications
Spencer Knapp. "The Tethered Nitrogen in Natural Products Synthesis" Chem. Soc. Rev. 1999, 28, 61.
Robert T. Stibrany, Spencer Knapp, Joseph A. Potenza, and Harvey J. Schugar. "The Product of a Novel Aminalization, Bis[bis(3,5-dimethylpyrazol-1-yl)(dimethylamino)methane]copper(II) perchlorate · Bis(dichloromethane)" Inorg. Chem. 1999, 38, 132.
Spencer Knapp and Krishnan Malolanarasimhan. "Oligomeric Thioglycosides with alpha-D-manno-(1'->2) Linkages from a Glycal-1,2-Episulfide" Org. Lett .  1999, 1, 611.
Spencer Knapp, Buwen Huang, Thomas J. Emge, Suzie Sheng, Karsten Krogh-Jespersen, Joseph A. Potenza, and Harvey J. Schugar. "A Pyropheophorbide Dimer with Single Pyrrole pi Overlap and a Low-Energy Q Absorption" J. Am. Chem. Soc. 1999, 121, 7977.
Spencer Knapp and Vijay K. Gore. "Synthesis of the Ezomycin Nucleoside Disaccharide" Org. Lett. 2000, 2, 1391.
Stephen Fox, Robert T. Stibrany, Joseph A. Potenza, Spencer Knapp, and Harvey J. Schugar. "Copper (II) and Nickel (II) Complexes of Binucleating Macrocyclic Bis(disulfide)tetramine Ligands" Inorg. Chem. 2000, 39, 4950.
Joseph A. Potenza, Thomas J. Emge, Jennifer Albaneze, Spencer Knapp, and Harvey J. Schugar. "A Spiro-linked Pyrene-naphthoquinone" Acta Cryst. 2000, C56, 1494.
Spencer Knapp and Dalian Zhao. "Synthesis of the Sialidase Inhibitor Siastatin B" Org. Lett. 2000, 2, 4037.
J. B. Lu, Z. P. Chen, Y. P. Yan, Spencer Knapp, Harvey Schugar, and Kuang-Yu Chen. "Aminohexanoic Hydroxamate is a Potent Inducer of the Differentiation of Mouse Neuroblastoma Cells" Cancer Lett. 2000, 160, 59.
Brian Mark, David J. Vocadlo, Spencer Knapp, Barbara L. Triggs-Raine, Stephen G. Withers, and Michael N. G. James. "Crystallographic Evidence for Substrate-assisted Catalysis in a Bacterial beta-Hexosaminidase" J. Biol. Chem. 2001, 276, 10330.
Spencer Knapp and David S. Myers. "alpha-GlcNAc Thioconjugates" J. Org. Chem. 2001, 66, 3636.
Spencer Knapp, Gregori J. Morriello, Santosh R. Nandan, Thomas J. Emge, George A. Doss, and Lijian Chen. "Assignment of the Liposidomycin Diazepanone Stereochemistry" J. Org. Chem. 2001, 66, 5822.
Spencer Knapp, Machender R. Madduru, Zhijian Lu, Gregori J. Morriello, Thomas J. Emge, and George A. Doss. "Synthesis of Griseolic Acid B by pi-Face-Dependent Radical Cyclization" Org. Lett. 2001, 3, 3583-3585.
Brian L. Mark, David J. Vocadlo, Dalian Zhao, Spencer Knapp, Stephen G. Withers, and Michael N. G. James. "Biochemical and Structural Assessment of the 1-N-Azasugar GalNAc-isofagomine as a Potent Family 20 beta-N-acetylhexosaminidase Inhibitor" J. Biol. Chem. 2001, 276, 42131-42137.
Spencer Knapp, Gregori J. Morriello, and George A. Doss. "Synthesis of the Liposidomycin Diazepanone Nucleoside" Org. Lett. 2002, 4, 603.
Spencer Knapp and David S. Myers. "Synthesis of alpha-GalNAc Thioconjugates from an alpha-GalNAc Mercaptan" J. Org. Chem. 2002, 67, 2995.
Spencer Knapp, Gregori J. Morriello, and George A. Doss. "A Stevens Rearrangement Thwarts Glycosylation with Liposidomycin Diazepanone Ribofuranosyl Donors" Tetrahedron Lett. 2002, 43, 5797.
Spencer Knapp and Etzer Darout. "The Surprise Synthesis of alpha-GlcNAc 1-C-Sulfonates" Tetrahedron Lett. 2002, 43, 6075.
Spencer Knapp, Chunhua Yang, and Thomas Haimowitz. "Addition of Trialkylaluminium Reagents to Glyconolactones. Synthesis of 1-C-Methyl GlcNAc Oxazoline and Thiazoline" Tetrahedron Lett. 2002, 43, 7101.
Spencer Knapp, Silvia Gonzales, David S. Myers, Lisa L. Eckman, and Carole A. Bewley. "A Shortcut to Mycothiol Analogues" Org. Lett. 2002, 4, 4337.
Spencer Knapp, Gregori J. Morriello, and George A. Doss. "Stereoselective Ring Contraction Diverts the Mitsunobu Reaction of a 6-Hydroxy-1,4-diazepan-2-one" Tetrahedron Lett. 2003,44, 2645.
Thomas J. Emge, Matthew J. Clements, David S. Myers, and Spencer Knapp. "(5-Bromopyrrol-3-yl) cyclohexylmethanone" Acta Cryst, 2003, E59, 1.
Brian L. Mark, Don J. Mahuran, Maia M. Cherney, Dalian Zhao, Spencer Knapp, and Michael N. G. James. "Crystal Structure of Human Hexosaminidase B: Understanding the Molecular Basis of Sandhoff and Tay-Sachs Disease" J. Mol. Biol. 2003, 327, 1093.
Zhang, X.; Fried, A.; Knapp, S.; Goldman, A. S. "Novel Synthesis of Enamines by Iridium-Catalyzed Dehydrogenation of Tertiary Amines" Chem. Commun. 2003,2060.
Spencer Knapp and Brian A. Kirk. "Glycosylation with 2'-Thio-S-acetyl Participation" Tetrahedron Lett. 2003, 44, 7601.
Spencer Knapp, Benjamin Amorelli, and George A. Doss. "A Fused GalNAc-thiazole from a Singular and Unanticipated Fragmentation" Tetrahedron Lett. 2004, 45, 8507.
Spencer Knapp and Etzer Darout. "New Reactions of Selenocarboxylates" Org. Lett. 2005, 7, 203.
Spencer Knapp, Benjamin Amorelli, Etzer Darout, Christian C. Ventocilla, Lawrence M. Goldman, Richard A. Huhn, and Ellen C. Minnihan. "A Family of Mycothiol Analogues" J. Carbohydr. Chem. 2005, 24, 103.
Spencer Knapp, Chunhua Yang, Srihari Pabbaraja, Brian Rempel, Steven Reid, and Stephen G. Withers. "Synthesis and Kinetic Analysis of the N-Acetylhexosaminidase Inhibitor XylNAc-Isofagomine" J. Org. Chem. 2005, 70, 7715.
Spencer Knapp, Richard C. Huhn, and Benjamin Amorelli. "Thionation: GlcNAc-Thiazoline Triacetate {(3aR,5R,6S,7R,7aR)-5-Acetoxymethyl-6,7-diacetoxy-2-methyl-5,6,7,7a-tetrahydro-3aH-pyrano[3,2-d]thiazole}" Org. Synth. 2007, 84, 68.
Spencer Knapp, Etzer Darout, and Benjamin Amorelli. "New Glycomimetics: Anomeric Sulfonates, Sulfenamides, and Sulfonamides" J. Org. Chem. 2006, 71, 1380.
Spencer Knapp, Vinay V. Thakur, Machender R. Madduru, Krishnan Malolanarasimhan, Gregori J. Morriello, and George A. Doss. "Short Synthesis of Octosyl Nucleosides" Org. Lett. 2006, 7, 1335.
Robert T. Stibrany, Chengmin Zhang, Thomas J. Emge, Harvey J. Schugar, Joseph A. Potenza, and Spencer Knapp. "A Tris(pyrazolyl) Arene Ligand That Selects Cu(I) over Cu(II)" Inorg. Chem. 2006, 45, 9713.
Spencer Knapp and Kehinde Ajayi. "The Anomeric Pudovik Rearrangement" Tetrahedron Lett. 2007, 48, 1945.
Spencer Knapp and Younong Yu. "Synthesis of the Oxygenated Pactamycin Core" Org. Lett. 2007, 8, 1359.
Spencer Knapp, Mohannad Abdo, Kehinde Ajayi, Richard C. Huhn, Thomas J. Emge, Eun Ju Kim, and John A. Hanover. "Tautomeric Modifications of GlcNAc-Thiazoline" Org. Lett. 2007, 9, 2321.
Eun J. Kim, Benjamin Amorelli, Mohannad Abdo,Craig J. Thomas, Dona C. Love, Spencer Knapp, and John A. Hanover. "Distinctive Inhibition of OGA Isoforms by an alpha-GlcNAc Thiolsulfonate" J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2007, 129, 14854.
Alexander Gosslau, Srihari Pabbaraja, Spencer Knapp, and Kuang Yu Chen. "Trans- and Cis-Stilbene Polyphenols Induced Rapid Perinuclear Mitochondrial Clustering and p53-Independent Aptosis in Cancer Cells But Not Normal Cells" Eur. J. Pharmacol. 2008, 587, 25.
Benjamin Amorelli, Chunhua Yang, Brian Rempel, Stephen G. Withers, and Spencer Knapp. "N-Acetylhexosaminidase Inhibitory Properties of C-1 Homologated GlcNAc- and GalNAc-Thiazolines" Bioorg. Med. Chem. Lett. 2008, 18, 2944.
Mohannad Abdo and Spencer Knapp. "Biomimetic Seleninates and Selenonates" J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2008, 130, 9234.
Chad Slawson, T. Lakshmanan, Spencer Knapp, and Gerald W. Hart. "A Mitotic GlcNAcylation/Phosphorylation Signaling Complex Alters the Post-Translational State of the Cytoskeletal Protein Vimentin" Mol. Biol. Cell 2008, 19, 4130.
Mohannad Abdo,Sijiu Liu, Bo Zhou, Chad D. Walls, Spencer Knapp, and Zhong-Yin Zhang. "Seleninate in Place of Phosphate: Irreversible Inhibition of Protein Tyrosine Phosphatases" J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2008, 130, 13196.
Spencer Knapp, David Fash, Mohannad Abdo, Thomas J. Emge, and Paul R. Rablen. "GlcNAc-Thiazoline Conformations" Bioorg. Med. Chem. 2009, 17, 1831.
James M. Macdonald, Chris A. Tarling, Edward J. Taylor, Rebecca J. Dennis, David S. Myers, Spencer Knapp, Gideon J. Davies, and Stephen G. Withers. "Chitinase Inhibition by Chitobiose and Chitotriose Thiazolines" Angewandte Chem. Internat. Ed. Engl.  2010, 49, 2599.
Kehinde Ajayi, Vinay V. Thakur, Robert C. Lapo, and Spencer Knapp. “Intramolecular alpha-Glucosaminidation: Synthesis of Mycothiol” Org. Lett. 2010, 12, 2630.
Mohannad Abdo, Zong Zhang, Vern L. Schramm, and Spencer Knapp. “Electrophilic Aromatic Selenylation: New OPRT Inhibitors” Org. Lett. 2010, 12, 2982.
Eun Ju Kim, Dona C. Love, Etzer Darout, Mohannad Abdo, Brian Rempel, Stephen G. Withers, Paul R. Rablen, John A. Hanover, and Spencer Knapp. “OGA Inhibition by GlcNAc-selenazoline” Bioorg. Med. Chem. 2010, 18, 7058.
Mohannad Abdo and Spencer Knapp. “Mechanism of a Redox Coupling of Seleninic Acid with Thiol” J. Org. Chem., 2012, 77, 3433.
Walter S. Won and Spencer Knapp. “Β-D-Arabinosyl 1-C-Sulfonic Acid” J. Sulfur Chem. 2013, 34, 33. DOI:10.1080/17415993.2012.7068
Mohannad Abdo, Zhexun Sun and Spencer Knapp. “Biohybrid -Se-S- Coupling Reactions of an Amino Acid Derived Seleninate” Molecules 2013, 18, 1963; DOI:10.3390/molecules18021963
Research Area(s): Organic Chemistry 



 

 
 

  











 





Thomas J Knapp - Dansville, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Thomas J Knapp in Dansville, NY


Thomas J Knapp

                                                                           Intelius found that Thomas J Knapp  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Dansville, NY.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Thomas J Knapp is in his 40s

Thomas Has Lived In

Dansville, NY
Springwater, NY

Thomas's Relatives

Jennifer Knapp
Francine Knapp
Jacob Knapp
Tammy Knapp







Thomas J Knapp



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Thomas? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Thomas, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Thomas J Knapp
Get a Criminal Check on Thomas J Knapp
Get a Public Record Report on Thomas J Knapp
Get a People Search Report on Thomas J Knapp


Thomas J Knapp's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Thomas J Knapp has lived as well as Thomas J Knapp's phone numbers and email addresses.




Thomas J Knapp Has Lived in 1 States
New York Address for Thomas J Knapp


 S***** D******** R* 

Dansville, NY


Has Lived In

Dansville, NY
Springwater, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Thomas J Knapp

(585) ***-**** - Dansville, NY 
(716) ***-**** - Dansville, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Thomas J Knapp



Get Email Report




Thomas J Knapp's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Thomas J Knapp


Thomas J Knapp's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Thomas J Knapp's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Thomas Knapp
Username Matches

                  ThomasKnapp
                  KnappThomas
                  Thomas.Knapp
                  Knapp.Thomas
                  Thomas_Knapp
                  Knapp_Thomas
                  Thomas-Knapp
                  Knapp-Thomas
                  TKnapp
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Knapp







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













 
Tom Knapp, international trick shooter from Elk River, dies at 62 – Twin Cities















































 

  
































Today’s Paper
Subscriptions
Newsletter
Daily Deals
 











Twin Cities












			Tom Knapp, international trick shooter from Elk…		



Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) 








			OUR PICKS:		










 

 
 

Sports



			Tom Knapp, international trick shooter from Elk River, dies at 62		

Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window)

 
						Exhibition shooter Tom Knapp of Elk River, show in a July 31, 2008 photograph, died Friday, April 26, 2013 at age 62. Knapp became an international sensation, appearing in exhibitions across Europe and North America each year on behalf of Italian gunmaker Benelli Arms. He holds a world record for shooting ten clay targets in the air in 2.2 seconds with a shotgun. (Pioneer Press file)		

By Dave Orrick | dorrick@pioneerpress.com | Pioneer PressPUBLISHED: April 30, 2013 at 11:01 pm | UPDATED: November 7, 2015 at 2:43 pm



Sign up for newsletters and alerts


Most Popular




			When the Lift Bridge closes in August, Stillwater looks to be transformed		





			Driver with DWI-related conviction arrested in ‘horrific and surreal’ fatal car-bus crash in St. Paul; car doing 70 mph, police say		





			Charley Walters: Bradford is key to more than his own future with Vikings		





			Medics respond to ‘possible drowning’ on St. Croix River; 40-year-old woman was camping with family		





			Muskie attack? Girl, 11, recovering from scary encounter on Minnesota lake		





			He offered to walk Hamline student home, then raped her, charges say		









Tom Knapp, a mustachioed Minnesotan who exhibited his shooting expertise throughout the world, has died. He was 62.
Knapp, who could shoot an aspirin out of the air with a .22 and set a world record by hurling 10 sporting clays into the air and shooting each before it hit the ground, had been hospitalized with pulmonary fibrosis before dying Friday, April 26.

His illness had prompted him to retire from his fast-talking and faster-shooting tours, which took Knapp, who lived in Elk River, and his Benelli shotgun throughout Europe and to annual appearances at Game Fair in Anoka County, as well as numerous TV appearances. But his death surprised many.

“It was kind of a major shocker,” said his wife, Colleen. “He became ill about three years ago, but miracles happen, and he recovered. Then it came back with a vengeance.”

Knapp’s skills — he could shoot a bullet through the eye of a washer tossed in the air — set audiences’ mouths agape but weren’t superhuman. At least not without the showman to reel them in.

“Tom had a specialty: He had the gift of gab,” said Chuck Delaney, owner of Game Fair. “He always had stories to tell. Some you never knew if they were true or not, but they were interesting. It takes a special person to do what he did, and he was a special guy.”

Delaney came to know Knapp, who grew up in Maple Plain, in the early 1970s, when Delaney ran the St. Anthony Gun Club and Knapp shot in leagues.

“He loved the showman side of shooting,” Delaney said. “This was long before he was famous. And he was always inventing all kinds of long-throwing trap things. There’s no trickery in trick shooting; it’s a huge amount of practice and a lot of skill.”



When he was 10, Knapp saw exhibition shooter Herb Parsons — considered the best ever at the game — on TV. He and his friends tried to mimic the master by throwing dirt clods in the air and shooting them with their BB guns, he told the Pioneer Press in 2008.

It grew from there. When Knapp finally hit a clod, he was inspired to take the trick as far as he could. His theory was this: “If you can do it once, you know it’s possible, so you should be able to do it every time,” he told the paper.

In 2005, he was inducted into the Shooters Hall of Fame at the Buffalo Bill Historical Center in Cody, Wyo.

Colleen Knapp said her husband of 14 years did throttle back when home between exhibitions.

“He had his mellow times when he just wanted to sit in his boat quietly fishing,” she said. “Our property up north, that was his getaway place to veg and do nothing. Well, he’d work on the food plots or groom the walking trails, but to him, that was vegging.”

According to his wishes, no funeral will be held. At 1 p.m. May 11, friends and family are invited to gather at the Del-Tone/Luth Gun Club in St. Cloud for what Colleen Knapp said will consist of “probably massive storytelling.”

Knapp is survived by brother John, two stepchildren, four grandchildren and many nieces and nephews.

Colleen Knapp said donations can be made to the Pulmonary Fibrosis Foundation at PulmonaryFibrosis.org.

Dave Orrick can be reached at 651-228-5512. Follow him at twitter.com/OutdoorsNow.


More in Sports






 






			Legendary Gophers and Lakers coach John Kundla passes away at 101		



July 23, 2017, 6:20 pm



			John Kundla, the legendary basketball coach of the Minneapolis Lakers and University of Minnesota, died Sunday afternoon at age 101, his family confirmed to the Pioneer Press. He passed away of natural causes at Catholic Eldercare in Northeast Minneapolis, where he had resided for years. Kundla was the first of only three coaches in NBA history to win three consecutive championships; the...		

Read More







 






			Twins fall 9-6 to Tigers in club-record marathon		



July 23, 2017, 5:42 pm



			Until Sunday’s 9-6 loss to the Detroit Tigers, Trevor Hildenberger hardly knew how it felt to give up a homer. In 185 2/3 career innings since being drafted out of Cal-Berkeley, the sidewinding right-hander had allowed just four longballs. One came in the Gulf Coast League in 2014, two more came last year at Double-A Chattanooga and the last one...		

Read More







 






			Four-star guard Gabe Kalscheur, a Gophers target, to announce decision Tuesday		



July 23, 2017, 12:05 pm



			Another local Gophers’ target will make his decision this week. DeLaSalle guard Gabe Kalscheur, a four-star recruit by Scout.com who’s ranked 223rd nationally by 247 Sports, will make his college decision at 6:15 p.m. Tuesday at DeLaSalle High School, he announced Sunday on his Twitter account. Kalscheur, who’s been a key cog for the Islanders during DeLaSalle’s current run of...		

Read More







 






			Kyle Gibson shines as Twins hold off Tigers for 6-5 win		



July 22, 2017, 11:14 pm



			We may never know which current member of their Twins’ starting rotation would have lost his spot had the trade for veteran left-hander Jaime Garcia gone through. Judging from the way Kyle Gibson mowed down the Detroit Tigers in Saturday’s 6-5 win, the fifth-year right-hander surely thought it was him.		

Read More







 






			Vikings coach Mike Zimmer on optimism, regrets and why he believes he didn’t lose the locker room		



July 20, 2017, 2:16 pm



			Steaks are being readied for the grill. as Mike Zimmer settles in for a chat about his optimism for the 2017 season, regrets about 2016 and why he felt compelled to ask his players whether he lost the locker room during the Vikings’ tumultuous meltdown from 5-0 to 8-8 and out of the playoffs.		

Read More







 






			Lynx’s Maya Moore grabs MVP in WNBA All-Star Game victory		



July 22, 2017, 5:52 pm



			Maya Moore scored 23 points and grabbed the game MVP award as the West outlasted the East 130-121 in the WNBA All-Star Game on Saturday.		

Read More









Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			






























