




















 



 AdCare Appoints Thomas W. Knaup and Allan J. Rimland to Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









AdCare Appoints Thomas W. Knaup and Allan J. Rimland to Board of Directors

		  Christopher Brogdon and Philip Radcliffe to leave the Board as of the 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
		

Oct 14, 2015, 08:00 ET
		  		  									
						 from   AdCare Health Systems, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


ATLANTA, Oct. 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- AdCare Health Systems, Inc. (NYSE MKT: ADK) (NYSE MKT: ADK.PRA), a self-managed healthcare real estate investment company that invests primarily in real estate purposed for senior living and long-term healthcare, today announced the appointment to the Board of Directors of Thomas W. Knaup, a proven leader with more than 30 years of experience, and Allan J. Rimland, AdCare's President and Chief Financial Officer. 
As an independent director, Mr. Knaup will bring to AdCare consulting expertise with a broad spectrum of clients ranging from small-cap to Fortune 50 companies. Mr. Knaup was employed for approximately 12 years with Aon, California (a division of Aon Corporation), a global professional services firm specializing in risk management, insurance and reinsurance brokerage, where he held positions of increasing responsibility, including Senior Vice President. Previously, he served in a variety of executive roles with senior management responsibilities at Alexander & Alexander, Emmett & Chandler, Near North and Warren McVeigh Griffin. In addition, Mr. Knaup has a wealth of mergers and acquisitions and financial experience. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Geology and a Master of Business Administration with a concentration in Finance and Accounting, both from the University of California, Los Angeles.
"Tom is a proven executive leader with more than 25 years of expertise in the insurance and risk management sectors, as well as finance and M&A experience with a wide range of companies," commented Bill McBride, AdCare's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. "I have known and worked with Tom for over 25 years through our involvement with other companies in the long-term care industry. I believe Tom's senior level business expertise, coupled with his knowledge and relationships in the long-term care industry, will be valuable to the Board of Directors and senior management as we take actions to grow and further diversify our portfolio through acquisitions."
Mr. Rimland has served as AdCare's President and Chief Financial Officer since April of 2015. He has over 20 years of healthcare services investment banking experience, including positions with leading bulge bracket and mid-sized investment banks. Rimland joined AdCare from Stephens Inc. where he served as Managing Director in the Healthcare Group, focusing on healthcare services companies.
"The appointment of Tom, as well as Allan, reflect the evolution of our Board to an experienced group with skills and expertise in-line with our needs going forward," continued Mr. McBride. "Tom's input and objective counsel have already been of valuable assistance to me in implementing the strategic transition of our company. Allan has been instrumental in helping us navigate this transition. We believe our board now includes greater experience in the management of a rapidly growing real estate property and holding and leasing company, with particular expertise in M&A, financing and risk management."
Mr. Knaup added, "I believe AdCare is well positioned to further enhance and expand its portfolio of properties. I look forward to working with the Board of Directors and management team to help achieve the company's strategic goals."
Christopher Brogdon has notified the Company that he is resigning from the Board, effective at the 2015 Annual  Meeting of Shareholders.  In addition, Philip Radcliffe, a current independent board member, has decided to retire from the Board upon the expiration of his term at the 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  
"On behalf of my fellow members of the board, I want to thank Chris and Phil for their years of service and leadership," added McBride. "Both have been valuable assets to our company and extremely supportive of our transition to a healthcare property holding and leasing company. We wish both Chris and Phil well in their future endeavors."  
About AdCare Health Systems
AdCare Health Systems, Inc. (NYSE MKT: ADK) (NYSE MKT: ADK.PRA) is a self-managed healthcare real estate investment company that invests primarily in real estate purposed for senior living and long-term healthcare through facility lease and sub-lease transactions. The Company currently owns, leases or manages for third parties 39 facilities. For more information about AdCare, visit www.adcarehealth.com. 
Important Cautions Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Statements contained in this press release that are not historical facts may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal law. Such statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as "believes," "expects," "plans," "intends," "anticipates" and variations of such words or similar expressions, but their absence does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking. Such forward-looking statements reflect management's beliefs and assumptions and are based upon information currently available to management and involve known and unknown risks, results, performance or achievements of AdCare, which may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Such factors are identified in the public filings made by AdCare with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including AdCare's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. There is no assurance that such factors or other factors will not affect the accuracy of such forward-looking statements. Except where required by law, AdCare undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this press release.
 
 SOURCE  AdCare Health Systems, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.adcarehealth.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Oct 28, 2015, 16:05 ET
Preview: AdCare Health Systems, Inc. Schedules Conference Call to Discuss Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results













Sep 30, 2015, 08:00 ET
Preview: AdCare Board Declares a Quarterly Cash Dividend of $0.06 per Share of Common Stock






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





May 03, 2017, 08:00 ET
AdCare Health Systems, Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend on Series...








May 03, 2017, 08:00 ET
AdCare Health Systems Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results








May 03, 2017, 08:00 ET
AdCare Completes Purchase of Alabama Facility for $5.5 Million











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




Thomas W. Knaup - Independent Director at AdCare Health Systems, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Thomas W. Knaup
Independent Director at AdCare Health Systems, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Thomas W. Knaup
Independent Director at AdCare Health Systems, Inc.



 Overview



Age



68
                                  (Born 1949)
                                              




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 18 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
December 14, 2015





                        AdCare Announces Results of 2015 Annual Shareholder Meeting                    





PR Newswire
November 12, 2015





                        AdCare Reports Third Quarter Results                    





PR Newswire
October 14, 2015





                        AdCare Appoints Thomas W. Knaup and Allan J. Rimland to Board of Directors                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Allan Rimland

President, Chief Executive Officer & Chief Financial Officer at AdCare Health Systems, Inc.




William McBride III

Former Chief Executive Officer & President at AdCare Health Systems, Inc.





Brent Morrison

Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director at Zuma Capital Management LLC




Peter J. Hackett

Former Chief Executive Officer at CSH Group, Inc.





Philip S. Radcliffe

Former Independent Director at AdCare Health Systems, Inc.




Laurence E. Sturtz

Former President & Chief Executive Officer at Strata Corporation





Michael J. Fox

Founder at Park City Capital LLC




David A. Tenwick

Founder at AdCare Health Systems, Inc.





Brian Szames

Treasurer at Macy's, Inc.




Chris Brogdon

Owner & Operator at Brogdon Family, LLC







See 8 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 8 More 


 


 Paths to Thomas W. Knaup



            Thomas W. Knaup          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Thomas W. Knaup






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Thomas W. Knaup.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


University of California -  Los Angeles

                  UCLA's primary purpose as a public research university is the creation, dissemination, preservation and application of knowledge for the betterment of our global society. To fulfill this mission, UCLA is committed to academic freedom in its fullest terms: We value open access to information, free and lively debate conducted with mutual respect for individuals, and freedom from intolerance. In all of our pursuits, we strive at once for excellence and diversity, recognizing that openness and inclusion produce true quality. These values underlie our three institutional responsibilities.

Learning and teaching at UCLA are guided by the belief that undergraduate, graduate and professional school students and their teachers belong to a community of scholars. This community is dedicated to providing students with a foundational understanding of a broad range of disciplines followed by the opportunity for in-depth study in a chosen discipline. All members of the community are engaged together in discovering and advancing knowledge and practice. Learning occurs not only in the classroom but also through engagement in campus life and in communities and organizations beyond the university.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Independent Director

                    2015 - Current                  


AdCare Health Systems, Inc.

                    AdCare Health Systems, Inc. operates as a healthcare real estate investment company that invests primarily in real estate purposed for long-term care and senior living. Its business consists of leasing and subleasing such facilities to tenants, which operate the facilities. Its facilities provide a range of healthcare and related services for both long-term and short-stay patients and residents. The company was founded by David A. Tenwick, J. Michael Williams and Gary L. Wade on August 14, 1991 and is headquartered in Suwanee, GA.                  





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Thomas W. Knaup is affiliated with
                            AdCare Health Systems, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤

















Thomas W Knaup, 69  - Corona Del Mar, CA | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 TK


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Thomas Knaup
 Corona Del Mar, CA
 Age: 69 -
								06/10/1948








AKA:
                                                Thomas Kanup, Thomas W Knaup, Thomas Wesley Knaup, Thomas K Knaup, Tom Knaup













Work Info







Marital Status






Unavailable






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Thomas










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







(949) 200-****









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











43*** **** Ave


Corona Del Mar, CA 92625







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Corona Del Mar
, CA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Corona Del Mar
, CA.
         is related to
                Chase Knaup.
        















About & Contact Information


Thomas's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Corona Del Mar
, CA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Corona Del Mar
, CA.
         is related to
                Chase Knaup.
        




Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
43*** **** Ave
Corona Del Mar, CA
View Address


Past Address
40*** **** Ave




Corona Del Mar
, CA
View Address


Past Address
35*** **** 364




Corona Del Mar
, CA
View Address


Past Address
35*** **** Hwy




Corona Del Mar
, CA
View Address





                                                     
                                                            Current Phone Number
                                                        
(949) 200-****



                                                     
                                                            Previous Phone Number
                                                        
(949) 701-****



                                                     
                                                            Previous Phone Number
                                                        
(949) 701-****





    Thomas may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Thomas's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Thomas may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Thomas may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Thomas may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Thomas may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Thomas may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Thomas's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Thomas may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Thomas may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Thomas's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Thomas Knaup's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Thomas










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Thomas may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Thomas. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Thomas may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Thomas may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Thomas may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Thomas may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 CK

Chase Knaup

                                            Tustin, CA



 ST

Seth Timmons

                                            Santa Ana, CA




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Thomas may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies










Find Another Thomas Knaup






tk


Thomas Knaup, 75 
Maple Lake, MN



tk


Thomas Knaup, 46 
Cape Girardeau, MO



tk


Thomas Knaup, 54 
Cape Girardeau, MO



tk


Thomas Knaup, 63 
Saint Louis, MO



tk


Thomas Knaup, 64 
Sturgeon Bay, WI



tk


Thomas Knaup, 54 
Tigerton, WI




                                View More
                            














A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Thomas build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Thomas Knaup
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Thomas's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Thomas have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Thomas
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Thomas

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Thomas

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Thomas?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Thomas Knaup?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Thomas 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Thomas .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Thomas Knaup
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Thomas Knaup's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Thomas's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Thomas Knaup











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












�
Send a message to  Thomas



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Thomas Knaup











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Tue Jul 25 05:58:46 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 










Insider Trading - Knaup Thomas W - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Knaup Thomas W





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-16Option Award
2016-12-204:11 pm
N/AN/A
Adcare Health Systems Inc
ADK
Knaup Thomas WDirector
34,722
$0
57,588(Direct)
View


2015-10-21Option Award
2015-10-2209:58 am
N/AN/A
Adcare Health Systems Inc
ADK
Knaup Thomas WDirector
22,866
$0
22,866(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Tue, 25 Jul 2017 07:58:47 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










Thomas W  Knaup - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Thomas W  Knaup
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Thomas W  Knaup. Find out Thomas W  Knaup address and contact details. View other people related to Thomas W  Knaup - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

3535 E COAST HWY #364  CORONA DEL MAR 92625 CA




Companies related to Thomas W  Knaup
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001004724ADCARE HEALTH SYSTEMS, INCDirector 454 SATELLITE BLVD SUITE 100 SUWANEE 30024




Thomas W  Knaup on the Web
Persons related to Thomas W  Knaup - ADCARE HEALTH SYSTEMS, INCNamePositionCityRimland  AllanRoswellGentry  BoydSpringfieldGentry  BoydSpringfieldGentry  BoydRoswellMorrison  BrentRoswellMARTIN D  BREWATLANTAMARTIN D  BREWCFO GAINESVILLEChristopher F  BrogdonDirector ROSWELLChristopher F  BrogdonDirector ATLANTACONNIE B  BROGDON10% Owner ROSWELLCONNIE B  BROGDON10% Owner ATLANTAE Clinton  CainROSWELLANTHONY J  CANTONE TINTON FALLSSusan I.  ChristensenVP Sales/Infant Products Div COMPTONBrogdon  ChristopherAtlantaBrogdon  ChristopherSpringfieldBrogdon  ChristopherRoswellJeffrey Scott  CunninghamVice President - CFO CLAYTONTenwick  DavidPowellTenwick  DavidSpringfieldTenwick  DavidRoswellTenwick  DavidRosellRubenstein  DavidSpringfieldRubenstein  DavidRoswellRonald W  FlemingChief Financial Officer ROSWELLMichael J  FoxDirector DALLASMichael J  FoxDirector DALLASWade  GarySpringfieldWade  GarySpringfieldWade  GaryRoswellBOYD P  GENTRYCo-CEO ATLANTABOYD P  GENTRYCEO ATLANTABOYD P  GENTRYCEO ATLANTABOYD P  GENTRYChief Executive Officer ATLANTAPETER J  HACKETTDirector PETER J  HACKETTDirector SPRINGFIELDPETER J  HACKETTSPRINGFIELDPETER J  HACKETTDirector SPRINGFIELDLevine  JeffreySpringfieldLevine  JeffreySpringfieldLevine  JeffreyRoswellMcClellan  JoshuaSpringfieldMcClellan  JoshuaRoswellThomas W  KnaupDirector CORONA DEL MARSturtz  LaurenceBonita SpringsSturtz  LaurenceSpringfieldSturtz  LaurenceRoswellJEFFREY L  LEVINEDirector SPRINGFIELDJEFFREY L  LEVINEDirector SPRINGFIELDJEFFREY L  LEVINEDirector KETTERINGBrew  MartinSpringfieldBrew  MartinRoswellWILLIAM  MCBRIDE IIIChairman & CEO PORTLANDWILLIAM  MCBRIDE IIICEO & PRESIDENT ROSWELLJoshua J  McClellanDirector NIWOTFox  MichaelRoswellBrent  MorrisonDirector ROSWELLPark City Capital, LLCDALLASHackett  PeterSpringfieldHackett  PeterSpringfieldHackett  PeterRoswellClarence A  PetersonWORTHINGTONClarence A  PetersonDirector WORTHINGTONClarence A  PetersonDirector WORTHINGTONRadcliffe  PhilipSpringfieldRadcliffe  PhilipSpringfieldRadcliffe  PhilipRoswellRadcliffe  PhilipRosewellPhilip S  RadcliffeDirector WILLIAMSBURGPhilip S  RadcliffeDirector WILLIAMSBURGSharon L  ReynoldsSr. Vice President GROVEPORTSharon L  ReynoldsGROVEPORTSharon L  ReynoldsORIENTAllan J  RimlandPresident & CFO ATLANTAFleming  RonaldRoswellDavid  RubensteinROSWELLDavid  RubensteinChief Operaions Officer ALPHARETTACunningham  ScottSpringfieldReynolds  SharonSpringfieldClarence A  Shelton IIICOO TALLEDEGALaurence E  SturtzBONITA SPRINGSLaurence E  SturtzDirector BONITA SPRINGSLaurence E  SturtzDirector BONITA SPRINGSBRIAN M  SZAMESDirector SUWANEEDavid A  TenwickDirector POWELLGary L  WadePresident-CEO SPRINGFIELDGary L  WadeDirector SPRINGFIELDMcBride,  William IIIRoswellJ Michael  WilliamsSPRINGFIELDJ Michael  WilliamsExec VP - COO SPRINGFIELDJ Michael  WilliamsSPRINGFIELD












 















Thomas W. Knaup - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Thomas W. Knaup
Board Member at AdCare Health Systems Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Thomas W. Knaup? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Thomas W. Knaup's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Thomas W. Knaup's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Thomas W. Knaup's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Thomas W. Knaup through your network of contacts.
												








Thomas W. Knaup's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
AdCare Health Systems Inc.


Past
To view Thomas W. Knaup's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
68

 
 


Thomas W. Knaup's Biography



Mr. Knaup, age 68, has served as a director since October 14, 2015. From November 2014 through September 2015, Mr. Knaup provided certain insurance-related consulting services to the Company. Since 2004, Mr. Knaup has worked as a private real estate investor. Prior to that, Mr. Knaup was employed for approximately twelve years with Aon, California (a division of Aon Corporation, a global professional services firm specializing in risk management, insurance and reinsurance brokerage), where he held positions of increasing responsibility, including Senior Vice President. Mr. Knaup has over 30 years of experience in the insurance brokerage busin ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Knaup, age 68, has served as a director since October 14, 2015. From November 2014 through September 2015, Mr. Knaup provided certain insurance-related consulting services to the Company. Since 2004, Mr. Knaup has worked as a private real estate investor. Prior to that, Mr. Knaup was employed for approximately twelve years with Aon, California (a division of Aon Corporation, a global professional services firm specializing in risk management, insurance and reinsurance brokerage), where he held positions of increasing responsibility, including Senior Vice President. Mr. Knaup has over 30 years of experience in the insurance brokerage business and has developed a strong expertise in the long-term care industry. Mr. Knaup's expertise and background in the insurance and long-term care industries and his work in the field of real estate investment provide experience that the Board considers valuable.
		
Source: AdCare Health Systems Inc. on 10/21/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Thomas W. Knaup's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Thomas W. Knaup. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Thomas W. Knaup's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Thomas W. Knaup's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Thomas W. Knaup through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Thomas W. Knaup


















Thomas W. Knaup's Connections (8)





Sign up now to view Thomas W. Knaup's 8 connections »









David A. Tenwick
Board Member, AdCare Health Systems Inc.









Brent S. Morrison
Board Member, AdCare Health Systems Inc.









Allan J. Rimland
President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer, AdCare Health Systems Inc.









William McBride
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, AdCare Health Systems Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993






























































Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















ADK Thomas W. Knaup Insider Trades for AdCare Health Systems Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































AdCare Health Systems Inc.

                  NYSE American: ADK
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

AdCare Health Systems Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 24, 2017, 3:59 p.m.


ADK

/quotes/zigman/1474622/composite


$
1.01




Change

-0.04
-3.81%

Volume
Volume 36,300
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/1474622/composite
Previous close

$
			1.05
		


$
				1.01
			
Change

-0.04
-3.81%





Day low
Day high
$1.00
$1.05










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.90
        

            $2.60
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Thomas W. Knaup



Mr. Thomas W. Knaup is Independent Class II Director at AdCare Health Systems, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at AdCare Health Systems, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of California, Los Angeles and an MBA from the University of California, Los Angeles.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





12/16/2016
34,722


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/21/2015
22,866


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Allan J. Rimland 
President, CEO, CFO, Director & Secretary




Ms. Sharon L. Reynolds 
Senior Vice President-Nursing Facility Operations




Mr. David A. Tenwick 
Class II Director




Mr. E. Clinton Cain 
Chief Accounting Officer, Senior VP & Controller




Mr. Thomas W. Knaup 
Independent Director




Mr. Brent Steven Morrison 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael Joseph Fox 
Lead Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:58 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:57aFacebook earnings: After a sudden change,  Instagram is in focus
8:57aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
8:57aTrump administration stymies push for improved climate-risk disclosure among companies
8:54aAlphabet earnings keep Google investors in dark
8:54aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
8:52aLululemon shares down 0.8% in Tuesday premarket trading
8:50aLululemon price target cut to $60 from $66 at Stifel
8:50aLululemon downgraded to hold from buy at Stifel
8:47aDemocrats repackage same old ideas and rebrand it ‘populism’
8:46aYouTube and Hulu TV bundles will be rated like traditional networks by Nielsen
8:45aGold rally stalls, bucks weaker-dollar boost, ahead of Fed update
8:44aThis is how Congress could craft a bipartisan health-care bill
8:42aHCA Healthcare stock drops 7% on Q2 profit, revenue misses
8:41aBipartisan political squabbling over drug prices has already cost biotech companies $21 billion
8:41aEli Lilly's stock falls 1.8% premarket after Q2 results, NDA delay
8:40a‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
8:36aHCA Healthcare Q2 same-facility admissions up 0.8%
8:35aHCA Healthcare affirms 2017 revenue outlook of $43.0 mln-$44.0 mln
8:35aHCA Healthcare cuts 2017 EPS outlook to $7.00-$7.30 from $7.20-$7.60
8:34aHCA Healthcare Q2 revenue $10.73 bln vs. $10.32 bln; FactSet consensus $10.76 bln
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































