













Corporate Leadership | United Rentals



















 
























This site requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript to continue
        using this site.





















                      SIGN IN / REGISTER                    


 Find A Location Customer Care




                    English                  






                            Español                          



                            Français                          










                ×
              




 
                        SIGN IN / REGISTER                      

 Find A Location Customer Care





Rent Equipment
Used Equipment
Solutions
Services
Safety & Training
Our Company
 









                          Call us                        




















                      Search                    








                      Your Cart                    


















      ×
    




Search form

Search 





 













United RentalsOur CompanyAbout United RentalsCorporate Leadership


							Our Company						

Founded in 1997, United Rentals is the largest equipment rental company in the world, with a store network nearly three times the size of any other provider, and locations in 49 states and 10 Canadian provinces.  Learn More About United Rentals  Download Annual Reports 



 
 


















            Executive Leadership 




            Senior Vice Presidents 




            Vice Presidents 




            Regional Vice Presidents 




 
 





Executive Leadership  








      Michael J. Kneeland
    

      President and Chief Executive Officer
    



          Learn more about Michael J. Kneeland
        

Michael Kneeland was appointed president and chief executive officer of United Rentals, and a director of the company, in 2008. He had previously served as interim chief executive officer since 2007. Mr. Kneeland joined United Rentals in 1998 as district manager upon the company's acquisition of Equipment Supply Company. In 1999 his responsibilities were expanded to include multiple districts within United Rentals' aerial operations. He was subsequently named vice president-aerial operations in 2000, and vice president-southeast region in 2001, before being appointed executive vice president-operations in 2003. His more than 33 years of management experience in the equipment rental industry includes key positions in sales and operations with private, public and investor-owned companies, including Freestate Industries, Inc. Mr. Kneeland served as Freestate's president from 1995 until the company was sold to Equipment Supply Company in 1996. From 1996 to 1998 he served as general manager for Rylan Rents d/b/a Freestate Industries, a division of Equipment Supply. At the time it was acquired by United Rentals, Equipment Supply was the largest aerial equipment rental company in North America. In 2011, Mr. Kneeland was appointed to serve on the board of directors of YRC Worldwide, Inc., a leading provider of transportation and global logistics services, where he serves as the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. In 2015, he was designated Co-Chair, Transportation Stakeholder Alliance (The Business Council of Fairfield County) and was also appointed to the National Advisory Board for the Johns Hopkins Berman Institute of Bioethics.




 







      William B. Plummer
    

      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
    



          Learn more about William B. Plummer
        

William Plummer was appointed chief financial officer of United Rentals in 2008. His more than two decades of financial leadership experience include positions as chief financial officer of Dow Jones & Company, where he set policy for global finance and corporate strategy, and vice president and treasurer of Alcoa Inc., where he was responsible for global treasury policy and relationship management with commercial and investment banks. Previously, he held executive positions with Mead Corporation and General Electric Capital Corporation.  Mr. Plummer serves as a director for John Wiley & Sons, Inc., where he is a member of the audit and technology committees, and for Global Payments Inc., where he is a member of the audit committee.  Mr. Plummer holds degrees in aeronautics and astronautics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a master of business administration degree from Stanford University's Graduate School of Business.




 







      Matthew J. Flannery
    

      Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
    



          Learn more about Matthew J. Flannery
        

Matthew J. Flannery was appointed as our executive vice president and chief operating officer in April 2012. Mr. Flannery has extensive experience in all areas of the Company’s operations, having previously served as executive vice president—operations and sales, senior vice president—operations east and in two regional vice president roles in aerial operations. Mr. Flannery has also served as a district manager, district sales manager and branch manager of the Company. He has over two decades of sales, management and operations experience in the rental industry. Mr. Flannery joined the Company in 1998 as part of the Company’s acquisition of Connecticut-based McClinch Equipment.




 







      Dale A. Asplund
    

      Executive Vice President, Business Services and Chief Information Officer
    



          Learn more about Dale A. Asplund
        

Dale Asplund was promoted to Executive Vice President - Business Services and Chief Information Officer in January 2017, after previously serving as senior vice president - business services and chief information officer since April 2012 and senior vice president – business services since 2011. Joining the company in 1998, he has held various senior positions that included responsibility for supply chain, fleet management and shared services. His current position also includes management for the Company’s information technology systems. Mr. Asplund previously worked for United Waste Systems, Inc. as a divisional manager.




 







       Craig A. Pintoff
    

      Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative and Legal Officer
    



          Learn more about  Craig A. Pintoff
        

Mr. Pintoff was promoted to executive vice president—chief administrative and legal officer in March 2017, with responsibility for leading the Company’s legal and human resources functions, after previously serving as senior vice president, general counsel and human resources since January 2016. Mr. Pintoff has led the United Rentals human resources team since 2005, first as vice president, and since April 2011, as senior vice president. He joined United Rentals in 2003 as director-legal affairs. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Pintoff was chief benefits and employment counsel for Crompton Corporation in Connecticut. Previously, he was an attorney for White & Case LLP in Manhattan. Mr. Pintoff holds a Juris Doctor from the Columbia Law School and an LL.M. from the New York University School of Law. 




 

 





Senior Vice Presidents  





Michael D. Durand
Senior Vice President - Operations


Michael Durand was appointed to lead the company’s Pacific West Region in 2013. He joined United Rentals in 2002 as a branch manager, and held subsequent field management roles as sales manager, district manager, and regional sales and marketing director for the Northwest Region. 




Jeffrey J. Fenton
Senior Vice President – Business Development


 Jeffrey J. Fenton was named senior vice president—business development of United Rentals in 2013.  Prior to joining the Company, he was a Principal of Devonshire Advisors LLC for nine years, and held senior executive and board positions with BlueLinx Holdings Inc., Global MotorSports Group, Transamerica Trailer Leasing and Maxim Crane Works Holdings, Inc. During his over 20 years with General Electric, he served in numerous positions culminating in chief executive officer of GE Capital Modular Space and was an officer of GE Capital Corporation. Mr. Fenton is also a director of ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc.




Joli Gross
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary


Joli Gross was promoted to Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in May 2017. Ms. Gross previously held the position of Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, and joined United Rentals in 2002 as Director of Legal Affairs. Prior to joining the Company, she was an associate with the law firm of Day, Berry & Howard, specializing in commercial real estate and contracts; and an associate with Edwards & Angell, specializing in civil litigation and arbitration.  Ms. Gross holds a Juris Doctor from the New England School of Law and a Bachelor of Arts from Boston University.




David A. Hobbs
Senior Vice President - Operations


David Hobbs was named senior vice president – operations in 2014, nine years after joining United Rentals as a district sales manager. Previously he held management roles at the district, region and corporate levels, most recently as vice president – gulf region beginning in 2009. David has well over a decade of experience in the equipment rental industry, including positions with H&E Equipment Services as director of salesforce and training, and branch manager; and sales positions for BPS Equipment.




Christopher K. Hummel
Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer


Christopher K. Hummel was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer in 2016. Prior to United Rentals, Mr. Hummel served as the chief marketing officer of Schneider Electric SE, with responsibility for the development and implementation of Schneider’s global marketing strategy. Mr. Hummel brings more than two decades of senior management experience to United Rentals, having previously held senior sales and marketing positions at Unify, SAP and Oracle. He holds a master’s degree from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University, as well as a bachelor’s degree from Tufts University. 




Paul I. McDonnell
Senior Vice President - Sales & Specialty Operations


Paul McDonnell was named Senior Vice President – Sales & Specialty Operations in January 2017.  Mr. McDonnell brought more than a decade of construction industry experience to United Rentals when he joined the company as trench safety district manager in 1999. He was later promoted to region vice president – trench safety, power and hvac and then senior vice president - operations for the specialty regions in 2008. Prior to joining United Rentals, Mr. McDonnell was a construction project manager for Ryan Engineering, and general manager of D&E Steelplate Rental.




Kenneth B. Mettel
Senior Vice President - Performance Analytics


Kenneth Mettel became senior vice president, performance analytics in December 2014. Prior to that, he held the role of senior vice president, planning and analysis, beginning in April 2011. Earlier, he served as the company's vice president-strategy and planning. Prior to joining United Rentals in 2001, Mr. Mettel held senior management positions with International Paper as vice president, strategic planning, and with Unilever as director of financial analysis. His previous experience includes five years as finance manager, U.S. Toys with Mattel, Inc.




Jessica T. Graziano
Senior Vice President & Controller and Principal Accounting Officer 


Ms. Graziano was promoted to Senior Vice President—Controller and Principal Accounting Officer in March 2017, with responsibility for oversight of the Company’s accounting, risk management and financial planning and analysis departments, after previously serving as vice president—controller and principal accounting officer since joining the Company in December 2014. Before joining the Company, Ms. Graziano served as senior vice president—chief accounting officer, corporate controller and treasurer of Revlon, Inc. since April 2013. Prior to that, she served as Revlon’s senior vice president—global operations finance from December 2010 through March 2013 and as Revlon’s vice president and controller—U.S. customer finance from July 2009 to December 2010. Prior to Revlon, Ms. Graziano held other financial positions with UST Inc. (Altria Group) and KPMG LLP. Ms. Graziano holds a Bachelor’s degree from Villanova in Accountancy and an MBA in Finance from Fairfield University and is a certified public accountant. 




Irene Moshouris
Senior Vice President - Treasurer


Irene Moshouris was promoted to senior vice president, treasurer in April 2011. Joining the company in 2006 as Treasurer - Vice President, she is responsible for treasury, tax and credit. Her current position also includes real estate. Previously, she was vice president and deputy treasurer with Avon Products, Inc. Prior to Avon, Ms. Moshouris served as corporate tax manager with GTE Corporation; as tax director - pharmaceutical group, and tax manager - research and planning, with Sterling Winthrop, Inc.; and as tax manager and tax analyst with Arthur Anderson & Co.




Kevin C. Parr
Senior Vice President – Operations


Kevin Parr was named senior vice president – operations in 2013. He has more than 30 years of industry experience, first with UpRight, Inc., and then with Horizon Equipment, a business of W.R. Carpenter North America. He joined United Rentals in 2000 upon the company’s acquisition of Horizon, initially serving as fleet manager for the Aerial East Region, and subsequently as district manager, region sales and marketing manager, region vice president – Aerial East, and vice president – Northeast Region





 





Regional Vice Presidents  





 Robert C. Bower
  Vice President - Pacific West Region


Robert Bower was named vice president – national accounts in 2014, and has more than a decade of experience in the equipment rental industry. During his tenure, he has held various leadership positions with increasing responsibility to include: branch and district manager, integration team lead, and most recently, region sales and marketing director for the pacific west region.




Chris A. Burlog
Vice President - Midwest Region


Chris Burlog was named vice president - midwest region in 2009, eight years after joining United Rentals as district manager. Following 7 years as a successful DM, Chris was promoted to the position of RSMM for the Rocky Mountain Region, where he achieved great success in Key Customer and New Account growth. Chris also contributed in a key leadership role as a project leader in Operation United and proved to be a strong voice for the field during the project. Chris graduated with a Marketing degree from Minot State University and has a strong background in the equipment rental industry, having started his rental career as an industrial sales rep and soon becoming the sales manager of Butler Machinery, a Caterpillar dealer based in Sioux Falls, S.D.




Michael G. Cloer
Vice President – Southeast Region







John "Scott" Fisher
Vice President – Western Canada Region


Scott Fisher joined United Rentals upon the company’s merger with RSC in 2012, and was named to his current position in 2013. He previously served as RSC’s president of Canadian operations. He has over 20 years of experience in the construction equipment industry, including management roles with Skyway Canada Limited, Volvo Construction Equipment and Strongco Equipment, and sales within the Caterpillar dealer network. 




Joshuah P. Flores
  Region Vice President - Tools & Industrial Solutions


Josh Flores was named Region Vice President – Tool Solutions region in 2014 four years after joining United Rentals as District Manager.  Josh’s tenure as a District Manager was spent in both General rental and most recently in the Specialty division in Tool Solutions.  During his time as a DM within Tool Solutions he and his team delivered strong specialty revenue growth through new cold start location expansion and managed tool trailer solution sales by increasing customer productivity on jobsites.  Josh graduated with a BBA in Finance from Lamar University and has a strong background in the equipment rental industry.  He started his rental career after college as an ISR with Hertz Equipment Rental and was promoted through the ranks from OSR to Branch Manager then transitioned over to Hi-Way Equipment, A Case Construction Equipment dealer based in Houston, Texas as a General Manager before joining United Rentals in 2010.




 Todd M. Hayes
Vice President – Trench Safety Region


Todd was named vice president of the Trench Safety Region in 2012, after joining the Company in 1999 as part of the Shoring and Supply acquisition. Todd has over 20 years of progressively responsible experience in the construction equipment industry, including 16 years in the trench safety business. He began his career with United Rentals as a Branch Manager for trench locations Omaha, NE and Des Moines, IA. He then served as District Sales Manager and District Manager for United Rentals Trench Safety. Todd earned a BA in Business Administration from Bellevue University in Nebraska.




John J. Humphrey
 Vice President - Mid-Atlantic Region


John was named vice president of the Northeast Region in 2013. He joined United Rentals in 1998, with the acquisition of McClinch Equipment Company. John has over 27 years of industry experience, starting in Outside Sales, promoted to District Sales Management and has held the position of Tri State District Manager with United Rentals since 1999.  He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Iona College in New Rochelle, New York. 




William A. Kiker
Vice President - Pump Solutions


 Bill Kiker is region vice president of the Pump Solutions region.  He was previously President of National Pump & Compressor, joining United Rentals in 2014.  Bill was Gulf Coast area operations manager for Hertz Service Pump & Compressor from 1999 to 2007.  He began his career in 1987 with Service Pump & Compressor as an outside sales representative being promoted to regional manager in 1991.  Bill has over 28 years of industrial pump and compressor, rental, sales and service experience.  He earned a BA degree in economics from Teas A&M University in 2006.




Donald "Chad" Matter
Vice President - Industrial Region


Chad Matter is region vice president, Industrial region for the combined organization. Previously, he served as region vice president of RSC's Gulf region since April 2008. Chad began his career with RSC in August 1995 through the sales trainee program in Houston, Texas. Between 1996 and 1998, he was promoted to outside sales representative positions in the San Antonio and Austin markets, and he was recognized as sales representative of the year in 1998. In November 1999, Chad was promoted to sales manager for Central and South Texas. In 2002, he was promoted to district manager over the Central and South Texas district. Chad earned a BBA in marketing from Texas State University.




Jeffrey S. McGinnis
Vice President – South Region


Jeff McGinnis was named Vice President - South Region in 2014. Jeff began his career with Gaedcke Equipment Company in February of 1995 (acquired by United Rentals in 1998) as an Outside Sales Representative in Houston, Texas. He went on to hold various roles with United Rentals including Branch Manager, District Sales manager, District Manager and recently was the Region Sales and Marketing Director for the South Region. Jeff graduated from Stephen F Austin University in 1995 with a degree in Communications/Marketing.




 Thomas P. Jones
Region Vice President, Onsite Services


Tom Jones was promoted to vice president of field sales in 2014, 14 years after joining United Rentals as a district manager. Previously he held region vice president roles in the Southeast, and most recently the Mid-Atlantic region for the combined organization. Tom has over two decades of experience in the equipment rental industry, beginning with Hertz Equipment Rental, Inc. in 1990. He also had a two-year tenure with AMECO as vice president of North America and Caribbean Operations.




Kevin M. O’Brien
 Vice President - Mid-Central Region


Kevin O'Brien serves as region vice president, Mid-Central region for the combined organization. Kevin was previously a region vice president at RSC. Kevin joined RSC in April 1997, as general manager of the St. Louis area. He was promoted to district manager in 2000, to region controller in 2002 and to region vice president in 2004. Kevin has a Bachelor's degree in business administration and accounting from the University of Kansas.




Craig A. Schmidt
Vice President - Northeast Region


Craig Schmidt was named Vice President of the North East Region in 2015.  Craig, joined United Rentals in 1999 and has held numerous positions such as Branch Manager, National Fleet Vehicle Manager, Region National Accounts Manager, District Manager and most recently, Director, Region Sales & Marketing.  Prior to joining United Rentals Craig worked for Budget Car and Truck Rental with his last position being held was Director of Truck Operations for the Central Region.   Craig holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration from Johnson & Wales University.




David C. Scott
Vice President - Power & HVAC Region


David was named vice president of the Power & HVAC Region in 2012, after joining the Company in 2010 as Region Operations Manager for the Power & HVAC business. He was previously Division Manager for Hertz Energy Services. David has over 20 years of industry experience with roles in sales and operations. He earned a Bachelor's degree in Sales, Distribution, and Marketing Operations from Kennesaw State University in Georgia.




Larry "Don" Irwin
Vice President – Gulf South Region








 





Vice Presidents  





Raymond J. Alletto
Vice President - Risk Management


Raymond Alletto brought more than 20 years of experience to United Rentals when he joined the company in 2005 as vice president - risk management. Previously, Mr. Alletto served as director - risk management for GTE Corporation, and for Purdue Pharma LP. He also held various risk management positions over 12 years with Hubbell Incorporated, including director of risk management and employee benefits.




Fred B. Bratman
Vice President


Fred Bratman was promoted to senior vice president, corporate communications and investor relations in April 2011. He rejoined United Rentals in 2008 as vice president - investor relations and corporate communications after previously serving as vice president - corporate communications from 2001 to 2004. In the interim, Mr. Bratman was executive vice president of Hyde Park Communications and president of Hyde Park Financial Communications, New York. Prior to United Rentals, Mr. Bratman served as director of marketing and communications for Deutsche Bank/North America; and vice president of Sard Verbinnen, a financial communications agency. Earlier in his career, Mr. Bratman was a financial journalist and editor at McGraw-Hill and Dow Jones.




 Gregg L. Christensen 
Vice President - National Accounts


Gregg Christensen was named vice president – national accounts in January 2016. He has been in the equipment rental industry for more than 30 years and has served in a number of sales and management positions throughout his career. Gregg joined the company in 2008 as a district manager, advanced to regional sales and marketing manager and then director of pricing. He was named vice president sales operations in 2011 and vice president sales force effectiveness in 2012. He most recently served as region sales and marketing director for the company’s south region. Gregg started his career as an ISR with Hertz Equipment Rental in 1982. After a 10 year career at Hertz, which included positions as an OSR, branch manager and eventually national account manager, he went on to pursue positions of increasing responsibility at BPS Equipment Rental and H&E Equipment Services. Gregg holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Florida Southern College.




James A. Dorris
Vice President - Environmental, Health and Safety


Jim Dorris joined United Rentals as vice president - health, safety, environment & sustainability in 2012.  Prior to United Rentals, he was corporate occupational safety director with Cummins, Inc., and earlier held leadership positions with Pfizer, Inc. and PepsiCo, Inc.  Mr. Dorris is a certified safety professional who has worked closely with OSHA and the National Safety Council, where he is an active member of the OSHA alliance team and the NSC’s coveted Robert Campbell Institute




John J. Fahey
Vice President, Internal Audit


John Fahey brought more than 15 years of financial executive experience to United Rentals when he joined the company in 2005 as vice president - assistant corporate controller. In 2006, he assumed the additional role of principal accounting officer. In 2008, Mr. Fahey was appointed vice president - controller and, in that role, continued to serve the company as principal accounting officer. In December 2014, he became vice president, financial planning & analysis.  In July 2016, Mr. Fahey was appointed vice president – internal audit.  His prior experience includes senior positions as manager - corporate business development for Xerox Corporation; vice president and chief financial officer for Xerox Engineering Systems, Inc.; and vice president - finance and controller for Faulding Pharmaceutical Company. Mr. Fahey is a licensed certified public accountant who previously served as a general practice manager in accounting and auditing for Deloitte & Touche LLP.




William Grace
Vice President - Investor Relations


William Grace was appointed vice president, investor relations in April 2016.  He has more than 20 years’ experience in financial services. Most recently, he was a senior analyst with Susquehanna International Group covering the industrial machinery and building materials sector. Prior to Susquehanna, he was a vice president at Avondale Partners with responsibility for the building materials, construction and mining equipment research group; a member of the equity research team at Goldman Sachs & Co.; a member of the natural resources group at Banc of America Securities; and an associate at PaineWebber. He began his career as a financial analyst at Duff & Phelps Corp. Mr. Grace holds a dual bachelor’s degree in economics and political science from Bucknell University and a master’s in business administration from Cornell University.




Homer "Ned" Graham
Vice President - Operations Excellence


Ned Graham joined United Rentals in 2009 as vice president - business development, before being appointed vice president - operational excellence in 2013. In his current position, he leads initiatives dedicated to improving efficiency and productivity across the company. Over his 30 years in the equipment rental industry, Mr. Graham has served as senior vice president, regional vice president and district manager with RSC Equipment Rental, and owner of Approved Equipment Company, a multi-location rental, sales and service business




Daniel T. Higgins
Vice President - Technology and Operations


Daniel Higgins brought two decades of experience to United Rentals when he joined the company in 2006 as vice president - IT corporate services. His expertise in leading information technology functions for Fortune 500 companies includes positions as IT senior director of strategy, planning, and risk management, as well as IT director of performance management systems, for Pepsi Bottling Group. Previously, Mr. Higgins was senior group manager of corporate financial systems for PepsiCo.




Helge Jacobsen
Vice President - Operations Excellence


Helge Jacobsen joined United Rentals as vice president, internal audit and operational excellence in 2012, and became vice president, operations excellence in December 2014. Previously, he was vice president - global sales operations with Avaya, Inc., and partner and managing director with Tenex Capital Management. Earlier, he held senior positions with Cerberus/Teleglobe and General Electric, including vice president, supply chain/6-Sigma/quality with GE Power Controls. Mr. Jacobsen began his career with MBN International A/S in Denmark.




Brent R. Kuchynka
Vice President - Corporate Fleet Management


Brent Kuchynka is Vice President of Corporate Fleet management. Previously, he has held past positions as region vice president in the Canadian region, the Gulf Coast region and the Western region. Brent has more than 20 years of experience in the equipment rental industry. He began his career in 1994 with Valley Rentals, which was later acquired by RSC. During his tenure, he has occupied positions in branch operations, division project manager, sales management and regional management. He holds a Bachelor of Science in business administration in management from the University of Arizona.




TJ Mahoney 
Vice President, Supply Chain 


TJ joined United Rentals in 2005 as a Sourcing Manager and was promoted to Senior Sourcing Manager for equipment in 2006 and Director, Equipment Sourcing in 2007. He also has prior purchasing experience from positions at Hertz Equipment and Sunbelt Rentals.  TJ holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing from Fordham University and a MBA in Quality Management from Upper Iowa University.




Gordon McDonald
 Vice President - Managed Services


 Gordon McDonald was named vice president - managed services in 2012, following the merger of RSC Equipment Rental with United Rentals. His more than 30 years' experience with industrial tool rental and supply operations include 15 years with RSC and 23 years with Industrial Air Tool, an RSC acquisition. While with RSC, he served in field and corporate management positions, including regional manager for industrial on-site operations, and director of managed services, and was instrumental in advancing the company's software applications design. In 2008, he was appointed RSC vice president of managed services.




Joseph W. Pledger
Vice President - Finance Operations


Joe Pledger was promoted to Vice President, Operations Finance in July 2014.  Since joining United Rentals in 1998, he has served as district controller, region controller, and most recently as Senior Director, Planning and Analysis.  Mr. Pledger is a certified public accountant.  Prior to joining United Rentals he served as an audit manager with KPMG.  Mr. Pledger earned a Master’s degree in Accounting and B.S. in Business (magna cum laude) from the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill.




Timothy S. Rule
Vice President - Market Development


Timothy Rule was appointed Vice President – Market Development in 2013, after serving as Regional Vice President of the company’s Northwest Region.  Prior to joining United Rentals as district manager in 2002, he held industrial engineering, sales management and financial management positions with leading companies in the aerospace and construction equipment manufacturing industries, including Rohr Industries and CNH Global.  Tim holds a BS in Operations Management from San Diego State University and an MBA from the University of Chicago.




 Daniel C. Sparks
Vice President - Sales Operations & Support


Daniel Sparks was promoted to Vice President, Sales Operations in 2015. Since joining United Rentals, he has held positions as Region Finance Director, Sr Director, FP&A, and Sr Director, Pricing. Prior to joining United Rentals, Daniel held leadership positions in finance with IBM, Staples and Smashburger. Daniel holds a Bachelor of Science in business administration from the University of Colorado.





 



 











Related Links

 Company Overview


 Investor Relations


 Corporate Responsibility


 










              About Us          



                  Board of Directors                



                  Building Futures                



                  Giving Back                



                  Our Culture                



                  Supplier Diversity                



                  Corporate Leadership                



                  Mission & Values                 





              Our Careers          



                  About Us                



                  Who We Hire                



                  Campus                



                  Military                



                  Events                



                  Search Jobs                



                  FAQ's                





              News & Events          



                  Awards & Recognition                



                  Events Calendar                



                  FAQ's                



                  In The News                



                  Press Room                



                  RLL Racing Sponsorship                



                  HOME FREE on Fox                





              Investor Relations          



                  Annual Reports & Proxy Statements                



                  Corporate Governance                



                  FAQ's                



                  Financial Press Releases                



                  Investor Events & Conference Calls                



                  Investor Presentations                



                  Research Coverage                



                  SEC Filings                







 



















Delivery Fee
This Delivery fee can be avoided if you elect the "In-Store Pickup" option instead of delivery

×



Environmental
United Rentals applies an environmental charge to rented equipment that contains an internal combustion engine, hydraulic oils or similar components. The charge is 1.30% of the rental charge for equipment with a maximum charge of $75. The charge is designed to recover the company’s direct and indirect expenses for the handling, managing and disposing of waste products, hazardous materials and related administrative costs.
Some of our indirect expenses include, but are not limited to, the handling and managing of wastewater disposal, oil and fuel spills, fuel storage and management, fees paid to regulatory agencies and fees paid to vendors. Some of our direct environmental expenses include proper disposal of products from the care, maintenance and operation of equipment including used oil filters, spent oil absorbent, parts cleaners, scrap tires and waste antifreeze. This is not a government-mandated charge.

×



Rental Protection Plan
The Rental Protection Plan is not insurance. The Rental Protection Plan is optional and only available to direct commercial customers. When you purchase the Rental Protection Plan product, you will not be held responsible for the full replacement value of damaged or stolen equipment. If something does go wrong, you will be responsible for 10% of the damage costs or $500.00, whichever is less*.
Upon accepting the Rental Protection Plan, the customer agrees to pay a percentage based on the rented equipment, and in return United Rentals agrees to waive certain claims for accidental damage to or theft of the aforementioned equipment occurring during normal and careful use. The customer remains liable for all other damages as set forth in the conditions found in Addendum 1 to the Rental Agreement.
*Customer agrees that it will use its best efforts to protect the equipment from loss, theft or damage at all times during the rental period, and until the equipment is retrieved and in the Company’s possession.

×






























Kneeland Memorials - Home - Providers of quality engraved headstones













































Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #f6ab9fb0-7040-11e7-8152-d7dfc3ea708a
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #f6da9ef0-7040-11e7-a691-c709f67f2441
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #f7077b50-7040-11e7-9972-697d70f4c407
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          












	PRICE TAG PRO Trademark of Kneeland, Michael. Serial Number: 86097565 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
PRICE TAG PRO










 
Get FREE email alerts













PRICE TAG PRO  Trademark Information
 Kneeland, Michael
Computer Application Software that allows Independent Appliance, Consumer Electronics, and Furniture Retailers to create professional Price Tags for the products that they sell utilizing a preloaded database of models with descriptions, features, and dimensions




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
application   software   allows   independent   appliance      consumer   electronics      furniture   retailers   create   professional   price   tags   products   sell   utilizing   preloaded   database   models   descriptions      features      dimensions    
                                    




This is a brand page for the PRICE TAG PRO trademark by Kneeland, Michael 
                                in Dayton, NV, 894039024.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this PRICE TAG PRO trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Kneeland, Michael of the PRICE TAG PRO trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the PRICE TAG PRO trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, October 22, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        PRICE TAG PRO by 
                        Kneeland, Michael, Dayton, NV  894039024.
                        The USPTO has given the PRICE TAG PRO 
                        trademark serial  number of  86097565.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for PRICE TAG PRO is 
                        
                        
                                            KNEELAND, MICHAEL of 
                                            120 PEBBLE DR,  DAYTON, NV 89403-9024,  
                                .
                            The PRICE TAG PRO trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for PRICE TAG PRO 
                            is Computer Application Software that allows Independent Appliance, Consumer Electronics, and Furniture Retailers to create professional Price Tags for the products that they sell utilizing a preloaded database of models with descriptions, features, and dimensions. 
                            





Word mark:
 PRICE TAG PRO


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

7/15/2014



  Serial Number:  
86097565


  Filing Date:  
10/22/2013


 Registration Number:  
4567052 


 Registration Date:  
7/15/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Computer Application Software that allows Independent Appliance, Consumer Electronics, and Furniture Retailers to create professional Price Tags for the products that they sell utilizing a preloaded database of models with descriptions, features, and dimensions


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/29/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

Kneeland, MichaelDayton, NV  894039024
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("PRICE TAG")


 Correspondent:


KNEELAND, MICHAEL
120 PEBBLE DR
DAYTON, NV 89403-9024







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
3/9/2009


First Use In Commerce: 
3/9/2009





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your PRICE TAG PRO trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/15/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



KNEELAND, MICHAEL


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of PRICE TAG PRO trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search pricetagpro on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for PRICE TAG PRO 




PRICE TAG PRO is providing Computer Application Software that allows Independent Appliance, Consumer Electronics, and Furniture Retailers to create professional Price Tags for the products that they sell utilizing a preloaded database of models with descriptions, features, and dimensions.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 



















    Michael Kneeland on Prezi
CreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano
                Michael Kneeland
            
                
                    
                        Michael Kneeland is using Prezi to create and share presentations online.
                    
                
            
            ♥ Prezi?
            Sign up now, it's free!
        
            Prezis
        (10)
        
            more ›Introductory Discussion: Animal Farm
            
                by Michael Kneeland on 28 March 2014
            
        ReusableDifficult Pleasures
            
                by Michael Kneeland on 26 March 2014
            
        ReusableExistentialism or, What Does It Matter?...
            
                by Michael Kneeland on 18 November 2013
            
        ReusableAICE English Language
            
                by Michael Kneeland on 7 August 2013
            
        ReusablePre-AICE Media Studies
            
                by Michael Kneeland on 7 August 2013
            
        ReusableAICE Classical Studies
            
                by Michael Kneeland on 7 August 2013
            
        ReusableProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactApps
                                English
                            
                                español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                Français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                italiano
                            
        © 2017 Prezi Inc. 
        Terms




Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #f9006520-7040-11e7-ade0-0f5c687b2c34
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #f934e2a0-7040-11e7-9eb1-8bb360db01e9
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #f9601150-7040-11e7-89a9-75eb5de1c086
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          












MICHAEL A KNEELAND - CLINTON, ME - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



ME



CLINTON



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            MICHAEL A KNEELAND
                                    



 





















M 


MICHAEL A KNEELAND
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



111 HORSEBACK RD CLINTON, ME 04927
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $100,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Michael A Kneeland has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site from Clinton. Michael A Kneeland has estimated annual revenues of $100,000.00 and also employs an estimated 2 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Michael Kneeland                                                                                                         - East Longmeadow                                   , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



East Longmeadow



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Michael Kneeland
                                    



 





















M 


Michael Kneeland                                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



128 NOTTINGHAM DR EAST LONGMEADOW, MA 01028
Get Directions



(413) 525-0389
 





Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $115,217.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Michael Kneeland                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2005 the company has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Michael Kneeland | KHL
















































We use cookies to give you the best experience on our site. If you continue browsing, we'll assume you're happy to receive all cookies from our site. Read our Privacy Policy to learn more.



Close







Skip to main contentSkip to navigation



  



Advertisement













KHL








SearchSitePromptXXXX




SearchSitePromptXXXX

Search






Home


Magazines


Events


Sectors


Market Data


Advertising


Stores


About Us


Contact Us



More navigation items






KHL Magazines
Close






Access International







Access, Lift & Handlers







American Cranes & Transport







Construcción LatinoAmericana







Construção Latino Americana







Concreto LatinoAmericana







Concreto Latino Americana







Construction Europe







Cranes & Project Transport







Demolition & Recycling International







International Construction







International Construction Turkiye







International Cranes and Specialized Transport







International Rental News





Events
Close






Events Diary







ALH Conference & Awards







APEX Asia







APEX Show







Cranes and Transport Latin America







Cranes and Transport Middle East







Demolition Conference Turkey







ESTA Awards of Excellence







European Rental Awards







IAPA/IPAF SUMMIT







International Cranes and Transport Asia Pacific







International Cranes and Transport Turkey







International Rental Exhibition







International Rental Conference Asia







International Tower Cranes







Lift & Move USA







World Crane And Transport Summit







World Demolition Summit





Sectors
Close






Access







Construction







Cranes & Specialized Transport







Demolition & Recycling







Rental





Market Data
Close






Off-Highway Research







Off-Highway Research Store





Advertising
Close






Media Packs







Product Guide (Euro)







Product Guide (US Dollars)







Digital Technical Specification







E-Cast  Brochure







Guide To Working With The Press





Stores
Close






Special Reports







Delegate Bookings






Menu









Insert Logo text







First for globalconstruction information







						Close menu
News
Features
Videos
Subscriptions
Home
Magazines

								Back to parent navigation item
Magazines
Access International
Access, Lift & Handlers
American Cranes & Transport
Construcción LatinoAmericana
Construção Latino Americana
Concreto LatinoAmericana
Concreto Latino Americana
Construction Europe
Cranes & Project Transport
Demolition & Recycling International
International Construction
International Construction Turkiye
International Cranes and Specialized Transport
International Rental News


Events

								Back to parent navigation item
Events
Events Diary
ALH Conference & Awards
APEX Asia
APEX Show
Cranes and Transport Latin America
Cranes and Transport Middle East
Demolition Conference Turkey
ESTA Awards of Excellence
European Rental Awards
IAPA/IPAF SUMMIT
International Cranes and Transport Asia Pacific
International Cranes and Transport Turkey
International Rental Exhibition
International Rental Conference Asia
International Tower Cranes
Lift & Move USA
World Crane And Transport Summit
World Demolition Summit


Sectors

								Back to parent navigation item
Sectors
Access
Construction
Cranes & Specialized Transport
Demolition & Recycling
Rental


Market Data

								Back to parent navigation item
Market Data
Off-Highway Research
Off-Highway Research Store


Advertising

								Back to parent navigation item
Advertising
Media Packs
Product Guide (Euro)
Product Guide (US Dollars)
Digital Technical Specification
E-Cast  Brochure
Guide To Working With The Press


Stores

								Back to parent navigation item
Stores
Special Reports
Delegate Bookings


About Us
Contact Us




NewsFeaturesVideosSubscriptionsMore navigation items









Michael Kneeland







Article

United Rentals CEO to be keynote speaker at 3rd ALH Conference & Awards


21 July 2017

Michael Kneeland, the President and CEO of United Rentals, will give the keynote address at this year’s Access, Lift & Handlers Conference & Awards in Miami.







Article

United Rentals reports Q2 increases


19 July 2017

Double-digit revenues increase as company ups its outlook for the year between $6.25 billion and $6.40 billion







Article

United records improved Q1 revenues


20 April 2017

Group revenues rise 3.8% to €1.26 billion, while rental revenues increase 4.5% to €1.08 billion for US-based rental company







Article

Stable nine months for United Rentals


20 October 2016

Flat overall results, but world’s largest rental company sees boost from Trench Safety and Power & HVAC specialty businesses







Article

United Rentals aims for €1.35 billion capex in 2017


28 July 2016

World’s largest rental company says it plans to increase investment in its rental fleet next year







Article

Rental revenues flat but earnings up at United Rentals


21 July 2016

Largest rental company in the world reports flat to slight dip in first half rental revenues, but net income increases







Article

First quarter dip from United Rentals


21 April 2016

Largest rental company in the world reports headwinds from oil and gas market, slightly reduces full-year outlook 







Article

United Rentals 2016 CapEx – timing is essential


1 February 2016

Michael Kneeland, CEO of world’s largest equipment rental company, gives more detail on 2016 outlook







Article

United Rentals maintains momentum


28 January 2016

Full-year 2015 results show year-on-year growth at world’s largest rental company; cautious outlook for 2016







Article

Rental revenues still on the rise at United


23 July 2015

Second quarter results show increase of 7% at six months to June but company is cautious with full year forecast









							Previous Page



Page1



Page2



							Next Page











Advertisement








Advertisement












KHL Magazines


Previous slide


Next slide














Access International











Access, Lift & Handlers











American Cranes & Transport











Construcción LatinoAmericana











Construção Latino Americana











Concreto LatinoAmericana











Concreto Latino Americana











Construction Europe











Cranes & Project Transport











Demolition & Recycling International











International Construction











International Construction Turkiye











International Cranes and Specialized Transport











International Rental News


















About UsContact usTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyRSS


© 2017 KHL Group LLPRegistered in England No. 0C306395



Site powered by Webvision Cloud







Validate


Accessibility







