



Importance of knowledge to a growing business

























































Advertisement












                            Info entrepreneurs reçoit le soutien financier de développement économique Canada
                            L'équipe d'experts en information d'affaires de la chambre de commerce du Montréal métropolitain EN
                        


Connexion
Services
Contact
About Us



Français



Follow us:
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter




Create your business
Manage and grow your business
Cease your activities
Plan your business
Finance your project



Home

>

Search

>

Importance of knowledge to a growing business






Guide
Importance of knowledge to a growing business




Share on:









Save this document
You must first be logged in to save this document.

Print



All businesses have access to an extensive pool of knowledge - whether this is their understanding of customers' needs and the business environment or the skills and experience of staff. The way a business gathers, shares and exploits this knowledge can be central to its ability to develop successfully. This doesn't just apply to huge multinational companies. Knowledge management can benefit everyone from a local newsstand to a manufacturing firm. This guide explains the basic sources of knowledge available to your business, how you can best harness and exploit this information and how to create a knowledge strategy for your business.  What is knowledge in a business? Basic sources of knowledge Exploiting your knowledge Make knowledge central to your business Sharing knowledge across your business Create a knowledge strategy for your business Using information technology to gain and manage knowledge  What is knowledge in a business? Using knowledge in your business isn't necessarily about thinking up clever new products and services, or devising ingenious new ways of selling them. It's much more straightforward. Useful and important knowledge already exists in your business. It can be found in:  the experience of your employees the designs and processes for your goods and services your files of documents (whether held digitally, on paper or both) your plans for future activities, such as ideas for new products or services  The challenge is harnessing this knowledge in a coherent and productive way. Existing forms of knowledge  You've probably done market research into the need for your business to exist in the first place. If nobody wanted what you're selling, you wouldn't be trading. You can tailor this market knowledge to target particular customers with specific types of product or service. Your files of documents from and about customers and suppliers hold a wealth of information which can be invaluable both in developing new products or services and improving existing ones. Your employees are likely to have skills and experience that you can use as an asset. Having staff who are knowledgeable can be invaluable in setting you apart from competitors. You should make sure that your employees' knowledge and skills are passed on to their colleagues and successors wherever possible, e.g. through brainstorming sessions, training courses and documentation. See the page in this guide: create a knowledge strategy for your business.  Your understanding of what customers want, combined with your employees' know-how, can be regarded as your knowledge base. Using this knowledge in the right way can help you run your business more efficiently, decrease business risks and exploit opportunities to the full. This is known as the knowledge advantage. Basic sources of knowledge Your sources of business knowledge could include:  Customer knowledge - you should know your customers' needs and what they think of you. You may be able to develop mutually beneficial knowledge sharing relationships with customers by talking to them about their future requirements, and discussing how you might be able to develop your own products or services to ensure that you meet their needs. Employee and supplier relationships - seek the opinions of your employees and your suppliers - they'll have their own impressions of how you're performing. You can use formal surveys to gather this knowledge or ask for their views on a more informal basis. Market knowledge - watch developments in your sector. How are your competitors performing? How much are they charging? Are there any new entrants to the market? Have any significant new products been launched? Knowledge of the business environment - your business can be affected by numerous outside factors. Developments in politics, the economy, technology, society and the environment could all affect your business' development, so you need to keep yourself informed. You could consider setting up a team of employees to monitor and report on changes in the business world. Professional associations and trade bodies - their publications, academic publications, government publications, reports from research bodies, trade and technical magazines. Trade exhibitions and conferences - these can provide an easy way of finding out what your competitors are doing and to see the latest innovations in your sector. Product research and development - scientific and technical research and development can be a vital source of knowledge that can help you create innovative new products - retaining your competitive edge. Organisational memory - be careful not to lose the skills or experience your business has built up. You need to find formal ways of sharing your employees' knowledge about the best ways of doing things. For example, you might create procedural guidance based on your employees' best practice. See the page in this guide: create a knowledge strategy for your business. Non-executive directors - these can be a good way for you to bring on board specialised industry experience and benefit from ready-made contracts.  Exploiting your knowledge Consider the measurable benefits of capturing and using knowledge more effectively. The following are all possible outcomes:  An improvement in the goods or services you offer and the processes that you use to sell them. For example, identifying market trends before they happen might enable you to offer products and services to customers before your competitors. Increased customer satisfaction because you have a greater understanding of their requirements through feedback from customer communications. An increase in the quality of your suppliers, resulting from better awareness of what customers want and what your staff require. Improved staff productivity, because employees are able to benefit from colleagues' knowledge and expertise to find out the best way to get things done. They'll also feel more appreciated in a business where their ideas are listened to. Increased business efficiency, by making better use of in-house expertise. Better recruitment and staffing policies. For instance, if you've increased knowledge of what your customers are looking for, you're better able to find the right staff to serve them. The ability to sell or license your knowledge to others. You may be able to use your knowledge and expertise in an advisory or consultancy capacity. In order to do so, though, make sure that you protect your intellectual property.  Make knowledge central to your business In order to manage the collection and exploitation of knowledge in your business, you should try to build a culture in which knowledge is valued across your business. One way to do this might be to offer incentives to staff who supply useful market news or suggest ways customers can be better served. You can use these knowledge management practices throughout your organisation to build better processes. As part of your knowledge management, you should also make sure that any intellectual property that your business holds is protected. This means that you have the right to stop competitors from copying it - and also allows you to profit by licensing your business' knowledge. Protecting and exploiting your knowledge base will be more effective if you develop efficient systems for storing and retrieving information. Your files - whether stored digitally or on paper - contain knowledge that you can use to make your products, services, systems and processes better and more customer-focused. Keep knowledge confidential. Your employment policies play a central role in this. For example, you might get staff to sign non-disclosure agreements (also known as confidentiality agreements) when they join the business as this ensures that they understand the importance of confidentiality from day one. Employment contracts can be written to reasonably limit your employees' freedom to quit and work immediately for one of your rivals (restraint of trade clauses) or set up a competing business to yours in the vicinity (restrictive covenants). Sharing knowledge across your business It's essential to avoid important knowledge or skills being held by only a few people, because if they leave or retire that expertise could be lost to your business. If you have efficient ways of sharing knowledge across the business, it will be more widely used and its value and effectiveness are likely to be maximised. Knowledge sharing Consider the best ways of sharing new ideas and information with your staff. You may already have regular meetings when you can brief employees and ask them to share ideas and best practice. You could consider holding innovation workshops or brainstorming sessions at which staff are given the freedom and encouragement to think of ways in which the business could improve. It can also be a good idea to create a knowledge bank containing useful information and instructions on how to carry out key tasks. Putting this on an intranet is ideal as it will encourage staff to post news or suggestions. Knowledge management Technology alone isn't the answer to sharing knowledge - it has to be managed carefully so that information is channelled properly. You may decide to appoint a senior manager as knowledge champion for your business. See the page in this guide on how to make knowledge central to your business. Incentives and training Remember that offering staff incentives to come up with suggestions for how the business can be improved is often an effective way of getting them to use and share knowledge. Don't forget the importance of training in spreading key knowledge, skills and best practice across your business. Create a knowledge strategy for your business If you want to get the most from your business' knowledge, you need to take a strategic approach to discovering, collating and sharing it. This is done via a knowledge strategy - a set of written guidelines to be applied across the business. If your strategy is to be effective, you must make sure your senior managers are committed to it and are fully aware of the benefits it can bring. Discuss with them the best ways of collecting and using knowledge. You may decide to appoint a senior manager as knowledge champion for your business. For more information see the page in this guide on how to make knowledge central to your business. When you're drawing up the strategy you need to:  consider how effective your business currently is at using its knowledge analyse your internal processes for gathering and sharing information - are there successful ways of generating ideas and do staff have a good grasp of what's happening? make sure that knowledge management, acquisition and distribution is a continuing process, so that it becomes central to your business' strategy  You should also identify the value of knowledge to your business. Think of ways you could exploit your knowledge for financial gain - perhaps by gaining a larger market share, developing new products, or selling or licensing your protected intellectual property to others. Ensure this fits in with your overall business plan. Using information technology to gain and manage knowledge Information technology offers powerful tools to help you gain and make the best use of knowledge. Some of the systems can be complex to set up and time-consuming to maintain. You need to choose systems that fit with your business and that will improve it without becoming a burden. You may find it useful to consult an IT specialist. Types of information technology  Databases organise information so it can be easily accessed, managed and updated. For instance, you might have a database of customers containing their contact information, their orders and preferences. A data warehouse is a central storage area you might use if you have a variety of business systems, or a range of information in different digital formats. Many businesses now use digital asset management to store, manage and retrieve information, and this can be particularly helpful if you sell online. It is, however, a complex area technically and in task management, and you may wish to seek specialist advice from an IT consultant. Data mining is a process in which all the data you collect is sorted to determine patterns. For instance, it can tell you which products are most popular and whether one type of customer is likely to buy a particular item. Reporting and querying tools let you create reports interpreting data in a particular way. How many of your sales have been handled by one particular employee, for instance? Business intelligence portals are websites that bring together all sorts of potentially useful information, such as legal issues or details of new research. The Internet and search engines - these can be a powerful source of knowledge, although be certain to check the credibility of your information source. Internet newsgroups can be specific sources of business information, but check the authors' other postings before deciding how to view their opinions and claimed facts. An intranet is a secure internal network for the sole use of your business. An extranet is similar to an intranet but can be extended to customers and suppliers. Customer relationship management software helps you build up a profile of your customer database and enables you to target them through e-mail, telephone or postal marketing campaigns. Call-centre systems enable you to serve large numbers of customers if you sell by telephone. Website log-file analysis helps you to analyse how customers use your website so you can improve its effectiveness. Systems to analyse and file customer letters, suggestions, emails, and call centre responses, which will enable you to spot trends, improve customer service and develop new products, services and systems.   Original document, Importance of knowledge to a growing business, © Crown copyright 2009 Source: Business Link UK (now GOV.UK/Business) Adapted for Québec by Info entrepreneurs 


Our information is provided free of charge and is intended to be helpful to a large range of UK-based (gov.uk/business) and Québec-based (infoentrepreneurs.org) businesses. Because of its general nature the information cannot be taken as comprehensive and should never be used as a substitute for legal or professional advice. We cannot guarantee that the information applies to the individual circumstances of your business. Despite our best efforts it is possible that some information may be out of date.
As a result:

The websites operators cannot take any responsibility for the consequences of errors or omissions.
You should always follow the links to more detailed information from the relevant government department or agency.
Any reliance you place on our information or linked to on other websites will be at your own risk. You should consider seeking the advice of independent advisors, and should always check your decisions against your normal business methods and best practice in your field of business.
The websites operators, their agents and employees, are not liable for any losses or damages arising from your use of our websites, other than in respect of death or personal injury caused by their negligence or in respect of fraud.





                    For any inquiries, please 
                    
                        contact our information agents.
                    



                    Was this information useful?
                

YesNo







Related terms

Entrepreneurship
Manage and grow your business
Strategic planning
Best practices
Managing
Customer relationship
Guides









Need help? Our qualified agents can help you. Contact us!
Our Services
Telephone:  514 496-4636
Toll free:  1 888 576-4444


Create my account




Advertisement





Advertisement





Advertisement






















                                    The address of this page is:
                                

                                    http://www.infoentrepreneurs.org/en/guides/importance-of-knowledge-to-a-growing-business/
                                

INFO ENTREPRENEURS
380 St-Antoine West
Suite W204 (mezzanine level)
Montréal, Québec, Canada
H2Y 3X7
www.infoentrepreneurs.org
514-496-4636 | 888-576-4444
info@infoentrepreneurs.org

















    © Chamber of Commerce of Metropolitan Montreal formerly known as Board of Trade of Metropolitan Montreal   Confidentiality statement












Yes
I want to confirm my subscription to the Chamber’s newsletters!


Later


Click on one of the two buttons to access the content you wish to view.



























KNOWLEDGE POWER CORP IPO: Experts - NASDAQ.com



























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Experts





KNOWLEDGE POWER CORP IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
KNOWLEDGE POWER CORP


Company Address
215 KELSO CRESCENTVAUGHAN L6A 2A1


Company Phone
416-727-7875


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Atul Mehra


Employees  (as of 2/26/2010) 
1


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
1/31


Status
Withdrawn (11/10/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
FINRA - BB


Share Price
$0.01


Shares Offered
600,000


Offer Amount
$6,000.00


Total Expenses
$5,002.35


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
600,000


Shares Outstanding
5,600,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001484947




The selling stockholders are selling shares of common stock covered by this 
prospectus for their own account. We will not receive any of the proceeds from 
the resale of these shares. We have agreed to bear the expenses relating to 
the registration of the shares for the selling security holders.


By integrating the best practices from the Accountancy and Corporate Finance 
sectors we believe we can assist the local, domestic and international markets 
to maintain efficiencies during the current economic shift and globalization 
process. 
  
The outsourcing of professional services to the domestic and international 
market place is a shift in the 21 st century economic model and we believe we 
are positioned to assist companies to make the required steps to succeed in 
this dynamic future. 

The changes in the global economic landscape have forced corporations and 
their management to reassess their efficiencies and consider outsourcing 
their non-core knowledge work, in order to benefit from economies of scale.  
The changing economic climate is putting additional pressure on the small and 
medium sized business segment to compete globally in order to maintain global 
market share. A successful business process outsourcing model can result in 
additional cost savings and operational efficiencies, coupled with access to 
a labor pool with skills not readily available in the customer’s local market. 

The professional services market is very fragmented and highly competitive. 
In the markets where we operate, we experience intense competition from other 
service providers. We believe that success in the industry is based on 
maintenance of product quality, competitive pricing, delivery, efficiency, 
customer service and satisfaction levels, maintenance of satisfactory dealer 
relationships, and the ability to anticipate technological changes and 
changes in customer preferences. We believe our competitive advantage lies in 
our ability to provide.


Company Description
We were incorporated in Nevada on February 11, 2009. We are a development stage
company that intends to specialize in providing Knowledge-Based back office 
professional services to  support the Accountancy and Corporate Finance 
departments of small and medium  sized North American Corporations.


 Our business 
model involves servicing portions of the core and non-core business functions of
our customers’ accounting and finance operations and assisting them on improving
their competitive edge, effectiveness, efficiency, reducing in house staffing 
costs and increasing profits. Our knowledge support services allow our customers
and their respective Management teams to spend more time on core business 
functions by lowering overhead costs and eliminating operational inefficiencies 
in non-core accounting and corporate finance activities. These benefits allow 
our customers to focus on business strategy and execution. Our value to our 
client’s lies in our ability to apply knowledge and industry expertise to 
clients needs. 

We develop customized outsourcing solutions which strategically position us to 
assist our customers to (i) enhance their competitive position by lowering 
overhead costs and (ii) reposition operational budgets toward core operational 
business activities. 
---

Our business office is located at 4300 Village Centre Court, Suite 21, 
Mississauga, ON L4Z 1S2. This location is adequate for our current needs. 
Our telephone number is 416-727-7875.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$24,482


Total Assets
$5,000






Total Liabilities
$7,482


Stockholders' Equity
-$2,482




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 2 Total: 2
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



KNOWLEDGE POWER CORP
RW
11/10/2016
Filing



KNOWLEDGE POWER CORP
S-1
2/26/2010
Filing







Experts


Auditor
DNTW Chartered Accountants, LLP


Company Counsel
Anslow & Jaclin, L.L.P.


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6410.81


23.06
 ▲ 
0.36%





DJIA

21513.17


-66.90
 ▼ 
0.31%





S&P 500

2469.91


-2.63
 ▼ 
0.11%










Data as of Jul 24, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            US STOCKS-Caterpillar, McDonald's to lift S&P, Dow at open
                        



	                     8:55AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Brazil's Camil hires banks for October IPO, paper says
                        



	                     8:48AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Worthington Industries Announces Intent to Offer $200 Million of Senior Notes
                        



	                     8:46AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Numerex Receives 2017 IoT Evolution Product of the Year Award
                        



	                     8:45AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX













































	KNOWLEDGE IS POWER Trademark of TM Acquisition Corp.. Serial Number: 75559439 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Education and Entertainment Services
KNOWLEDGE IS POWER










 
Get FREE email alerts













KNOWLEDGE IS POWER  Trademark Information
 TM Acquisition Corp.
programming dealing with real estate, insurance and mortgage topics distributed over television, satellite and cable media




Perfect for these industries

Education and Entertainment Services





Words that describe this mark
programming   dealing   real   estate      insurance   mortgage   topics   distributed   television      satellite   cable   media    
                                    




This is a brand page for the KNOWLEDGE IS POWER trademark by TM Acquisition Corp. 
                                in Phoenix, , 85008.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this KNOWLEDGE IS POWER trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner TM Acquisition Corp. of the KNOWLEDGE IS POWER trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the KNOWLEDGE IS POWER trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, September 23, 1998,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        KNOWLEDGE IS POWER by 
                        TM Acquisition Corp., Phoenix 85008.
                        The USPTO has given the KNOWLEDGE IS POWER 
                        trademark serial  number of  75559439.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for KNOWLEDGE IS POWER is 
                        
                        
                                            MICHAEL A. GROW of 
                                            ARENT FOX KINTNER PLOTKIN & KAHN, PLLC,  1050 CONNECTICUT AVENUE, NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20036 
                                .
                            The KNOWLEDGE IS POWER trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Education and Entertainment Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for KNOWLEDGE IS POWER 
                            is programming dealing with real estate, insurance and mortgage topics distributed over television, satellite and cable media. 
                            





Word mark:
 KNOWLEDGE IS POWER


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

3/27/2001






  Serial Number:  
75559439


  Filing Date:  
9/23/1998


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
programming dealing with real estate, insurance and mortgage topics distributed over television, satellite and cable media


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
7/4/2000


Last Applicant/Owner:

TM Acquisition Corp.Phoenix 85008
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


MICHAEL A. GROW
ARENT FOX KINTNER PLOTKIN & KAHN, PLLC
1050 CONNECTICUT AVENUE, NW
WASHINGTON, DC 20036






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (041) - Education; providing of training; entertainment; sporting and cultural activities. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your KNOWLEDGE IS POWER trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/27/2001
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MICHAEL A. GROW


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of KNOWLEDGE IS POWER trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search knowledgeispower on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for KNOWLEDGE IS POWER 




KNOWLEDGE IS POWER is providing programming dealing with real estate, insurance and mortgage topics distributed over television, satellite and cable media.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 























Product Warranty Information : Com-Power Corporation





























Toggle navigation









Products 

Antennas
Antenna Kits
Absorbing Clamps
CDNs
Comb Generators
Current Probes
Emission System
Immunity Systems
ISNs
LISNs
Mast
Near Field Probes
Preamplifiers
Power Amplifiers
Safety
Spectrum Analyzer
Surge Generators
Transient Limiters
Turntables
Tripods
Telecom Test System
Telecom Analyzer



Sales 

Request Quote
Distributors



Service 

Repair
Calibration


Tech Notes

Company 

About Us
EMC Compliance Testing
Contact Us
Careers


Blog
Login








Product Warranty Information


(855) 364-2362




EMC Test Equipment
Warranty




Get a Quote










Warranty


    All equipment manufactured by Com-Power Corporation is warranted against defects in material and workmanship for a period of Three years from the date of shipment for products sold in North America. The warranty period for products sold outside North America will be determined by the local distributor. If you need service, please contact the distributor directly for information. Com-Power Corporation will repair or replace any defective item or material if notified within the warranty period. You will not be charged for warranty service performed at our factory. You must, however, prepay inbound shipping cost and have a return authorization.
  



Warranty exclusions



products damaged during shipment from your plant to ours
improperly installed products
products operated outside their specifications
improperly maintained products
consumable items such as batteries, lamps, fuses, etc
modified products
normal wear of material
calibration

    Any warranties or guarantees, whether expressed or implied, that are not specifically set forth herein, will not be considered applicable to any equipment sold or otherwise furnished by Com-Power Corporation. Under no circumstances does Com-Power Corporation recognize or assume any liability for any loss, damage or expense arising either directly or indirectly from the use or handling of products manufactured by Com-Power Corporation, or any inability to use them separately or in combination with other equipment or material.

The warranty is void if items are shipped outside United States, without prior knowledge of Com-Power Corporation.
  











Quality products that not only function superbly but also look very professional...
- PCTEST Engineering


...have done business with Com-Power for over 15 years and the products and service has always been outstanding...
- KC EMC 


Purchased RF Power Amplifier for performing RF Conducted Immunity approximately 1 year ago. It has been the perfect tool for the job...
- Electromagnetic Investigations


The product performs wonderfully and the customer service has been first rate with great support...
- University of Nebraska 


The sales staff is Knowledgeable courteous and helpful. All in all Com-power as a company is great to work with...
- Intertek Labs






















Knowledge is Power





















































































 

















Knowledge is Power









  











Own your company’s talent database and demonstrate HR’s impact on overall ROI.
WhoKnows knows the demands on HR for real-time, reliable talent and skills data for hiring and workforce planning. WhoKnows is launching a One-Click Workforce Planning Tool specifically designed for HR and business pros to deliver fast, accurate talent data. We help you look good!
Want to see a snapshot of your company’s talent inventory?
YES! Free Talent Inventory Report!










GET YOUR FREE REPORT

﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿No Span. We Request ﻿Your ﻿Privacy.﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿
 












 










RESOURCES & LINKS

Contact Us
Support
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
CONNECT WITH US

GET STARTED

Request A Demo
Visit Our Blog
Resources
Signup Now
CONTACT US 
WhoKnows, Inc. 585 Broadway St
Redwood City, CA 94063 1-800-348-5031

enterprise@whoknows.com


ABOUT WHOKNOWS We help companies automatically derive expertise and professional relationships for every employee. Then, we contextually recommend the right colleague at the right time in all search engines and web apps.
 WhoKnows © 2017. All rights reserved.














Start typing and press Enter to search















Knowledge is Power – General Home Management Corporation
















































 

1-855-8-MOVEUP          info@generalhomecorp.com 


 








LEARN WHAT GUIDES US

The 4 Pillars of
General Home

Find out more about the values that guide our relationships
by reading the 4 Pillars of General Home below.

Communication is Key
Time is Money
The Golden Rule
Knowledge is Power


The Four Pillars of General Home Management


The Fourth Pillar – Knowledge is Power

There is little debate that the more you know the better off you’ll be! Helping our residents and property owners with the knowledge they need has always proven to strengthen our relationships and is perhaps one of the most valuable of the 4 Pillars of our core values.



The team at General Home takes great pleasure in sharing our know how and experience. When our property owners and residents are empowered with information that can guide them to a better outcome they not only have a great personal appreciation for it, but it also strengthens and extends our relationship together.
The General Home team is especially knowledgeable when it comes to maximizing the life of, and return on, our owners investment properties. We are an open resource of knowledge related to the many things that impact the life and profitability of their investment properties including the value of properly maintaining major components on a regular basis, recommendations for our owners to review and thoroughly understand property insurance coverage in advance of a loss, and making additional investment opportunities available to enable them to strengthen and increase their portfolio.
General Home is continuously available as a resource for our residents for a variety of things from critical support and assistance information in the event residents are displaced due to fire or flood damage, to school district information including how districts and school of choice work in the area they live in, to short term financial assistance available for unforeseen loss such as a loss of employment or the tragic loss of a loved one who is the primary income provider.
However small the need may be General Home is a wealth of knowledge that is readily available to our owners and residents whenever they may need it!

 





Archives 
February 2017
August 2016

  Recent Posts 

Why you shouldn’t refuse to look at applicants with low credit scores.


Should I charge a cleaning fee?


Nobody wants to be evicted.


The importance of a move-in checklist.


   

Locations

Centerline Property Management
Chesterfield Property Management
Clinton Township Property Management
Dearborn Property Management
Deraborn Heights Property Management
Detroit Property Management
Eastpointe Property Management
Ecorse Property Management
Ferndale Property Management
Fraser Property Management
Garden City Property Management
Grosse Pointe Park Property Management
Grosse Pointe Property Management
Grosse Pointe Shores Property Management
Grosse Pointe Woods Property Management
Hamtramck Property Management
Harper Woods Property Management
Harrison Township Property Management
Hazel Park Property Management
Lincoln Park Property Management
Melvindale Property Management
Mt. Clemens Property Management
New Baltimore Property Management
Pontiac Property Management
Redford Property Management
River Rouge Property Management
Roseville Property Management
Royal Oak Property Management
St. Clair Shores Property Management
Sterling Heights Property Management
Troy Property Management
Warren Property Management
Waterford Property Management


SEARCH





General Home Corporation 2844 Livernois
Troy, MI 48099

1-855-8-MOVEUP

info@generalhomecorp.com



























Scroll to top











News Media | Abbott U.S. | Nancy's Story: Knowledge is power

















 

















PRESS RELEASES
PRESS CONTACTS
MEDIA LIBRARY
HONORS
EXPERTS
EXECUTIVE TEAM







NANCY'S STORY: KNOWLEDGE IS POWER

June 27th marks National HIV Testing Day in the United States.




 DOWNLOAD AS PDF




 


Jun 26 2015




A single test made all the difference in the life of Nancy Khurana, 30, a busy advertising professional, who learned she was HIV positive in December 2013. Today, she's using her experience to bring knowledge and hope to others.
"It hits you in a powerful way," said Khurana, who was diagnosed a year and a half ago. "It's like something has been robbed from you, but you don't know what... all you know is something has been taken from you."
Naturally, she had all sorts of questions – What does this mean? Has my lifespan been reduced? Do I have AIDS?
Following her diagnosis, Khurana started her HIV treatment and began a personal journey of coming to terms with her diagnosis and educating herself and her family and friends about the disease.
The first weekend of treatment, she contacted her doctor because she was feeling very ill. At one point during the conversation, Khurana admitted to her doctor that she was a little overwhelmed by everything. The conversation was far from doom and gloom, though.
Her doctor told her, "In one year, you're not even going to remember who I am. You're going to forget me, because you won’t need me anymore. I'll have to be calling you to remind you of your checkups, and following up with you because you're doing so well."
"My doctor was right," said Khurana. "I had no idea how advanced [HIV] medications are, how research is developing. I didn't think there was hope – and a lot of other people may feel that way too, because they may not know how far we've come with diagnosing and treating HIV."
More than one year later, Khurana feels great and the level of the virus in her blood is undetectable. She attributes her good health to getting tested early and getting on the right therapy. She wants to dispel the myth that HIV is something that happens to certain types of people. "It's an equal opportunity virus and people of all sexual orientations, ages and races can be at risk," she said.
Yet, of the 35 million people living with HIV globally, 19 million people don't know it.1 That's why getting tested is so important – because early detection can save a person's life.
"Getting tested needs to be something people talk about, whether you're high risk or not," Khurana said. "For me, it was a real turning point. If I hadn't said yes to getting tested for HIV when my doctor brought it up, I would have gone on with my life not even knowing I was positive."
As for how life with HIV has changed her, Khurana said, "I'm still the same person. But since my diagnosis, I've focused on what’s really important. It's strengthened my faith and made me more grateful for the small things in life."

Khurana on a trip to Portugal
And Khurana's not only focusing on making the most of her life – she's also helping others do the same.
As an advocate for the AIDS Foundation of Chicago, Khurana encourages people to know their HIV status by getting tested and offers her support to those who've just been diagnosed. Last year, she ran the Chicago Half Marathon as a member of "Team to End AIDS." This year, Khurana is supporting the same team by doing the full marathon for the first time.
Today, Khurana hopes to help others by sharing her experiences with them. "I try to focus on what matters to me. I also try not to get stressed because it's not worth the energy – it's better to use it on more uplifting things. Now I see the lighter side of things and I laugh a lot more."
Please visit these resources to learn more about HIV
Video: Nancy's Story

 


 

Feature: How One Test Changed HIV
Infographic: A Look Back at HIV Testing
Infographic: The Safety of the Blood Supply: 1985 vs. Today
Do You Know Your HIV Status?

REFERENCE
1. The gap report. United Nations AIDS (UNAIDS). July 2014. Website: www.unaids.org/sites/default/files/media_asset/UNAIDS_Gap_report_en.pdf.

 


RELATED CONTENT



May 16 2017
High Tech, with a Mother's Touch






May 4 2017
Partners Tackle Emerging, New Viruses










Careers


Investors


Newsroom


Citizenship


Partners


Contact


SITE MAP


POLICIES


privacy policy


Terms & Conditions



true


accessibility


You are about to exit for another Abbott country or region specific website
Please be aware that the website you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals, medical devices and other products or uses of those products that are not approved in other countries or regions.


The website you have requested also may not be optimized for your specific screen size.
Do you wish to continue and exit this website?



yesno



accessibility


You are about to exit the Abbott family of websites for a 3rd party website
Links which take you out of Abbott worldwide websites are not under the control of Abbott, and Abbott is not responsible for the contents of any such site or any further links from such site. Abbott is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the linked site by Abbott.


The website that you have requested also may not be optimized for your screen size.
Do you wish to continue and exit this website?



yesno



accessibility

Asset Warning


yesno





























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















National Pen® Official Site | Promotional Products Since 1966














































  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  
























Quick Shopping Links

Toggle Links



 Quick Shopping Links   National Pen Brand  Buy 1, Get Some Free  Sales & Closeout New Products  Best Selling Products  Rush Service  Full Color Designs 









Submit









Personalized Pens  Retractable Pens Plastic Pens Metal Pens Gel Ink Pens Blue Ink Pens BIC & National Pen  Bags  Tote Bags Coolers  Drinkware  Travel Mugs Water Bottles  Office  Magnets Letter Openers  Auto & Home  Key Chains Flashlights  Stationery  Note Pads Sticky Notes Calendars  Popular Brands  BIC PaperMate Uni-Ball Sharpie KOOZIE 







xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!
































 Popular Searches    Contour Pens Squiggle Pens Colorama Pens Cirrus Pens     DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Superball Pen Flashlight Pens     Custom Selfie Stick Key Chain Flashlight  Stylus Pens BIC Pens     Tech Gadgets Budget Friendly Products Low Minimum Pens All Promotional Products    




National Pen®  - Your #1 source for promotional products and personalized pens
National Pen®  offers high quality personalized products at factory-direct pricing.  In business over 45 years, we manufacture and assemble many of our promotional products in the USA.  Advertise your business by imprinting your company name or logo on personalized pens, key chains, note pads, magnets, calendars, mugs, tote bags & more.  Personalized promotional products are perfect for trade show giveaways, customer appreciation, corporate events, and marketing your brand.




























+Close
Join Our Email List


Join our list to be the first to know about new products, special offers, sales and more!
Plus, get 15% off  your next order.


Email:


First Name:


Last Name:


Cancel


                            You can opt out at anytime. Please refer to our Privacy Policy
 or Contact Us
 for more details












XClose
Survey
























Closeout Promotional Products: Pens, Pencils & More | Pens.com






















































  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  





























Closeout




































Narrow Your Search:

Toggle filter



Category



						Writing Closeout (2)
					  





						Auto and Home Closeout (12)
					  





						Office Closeout (11)
					  





						Tech Closeout (5)
					  





						Drinkware Closeout (1)
					  


Product Colors



						Assorted (8)
					  





						Black (13)
					  





						Blue (13)
					  





						Brown (1)
					  





						Burgundy (1)
					  





						Custom (2)
					  





						Gold (1)
					  





						Gray (1)
					  





						Green (7)
					  





						Multi-Color (1)
					  





						Show More...


Price



						$0.39 or Less (2)
					  





						$0.40 - $0.59 (4)
					  





						$0.60 - $0.79 (1)
					  





						$0.80 - $0.99 (3)
					  





						$1.00 - $1.49 (10)
					  





						$1.50 - $1.99 (4)
					  





						$2.00 - $2.99 (2)
					  





						$3.00 - $4.99 (5)
					  


Minimum Quantity



						10 - 49 (5)
					  





						50 - 99 (23)
					  





						100 - 199 (2)
					  





						200 or More (1)
					  





Recently Viewed Products:

Toggle Recently Viewed





You have no recently viewed items










xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!






Closeout Promotional Items


        31 results found











Items per page:


                                      12
24
36
48
All

Sort by:

Default
Best Sellers
Price: Low - High
Price: High - Low
Minimum Quantity
Name: A - Z
Name: Z - A


  Grid
  List




















				Handy Helper Phone Stand





						As low as

		$1.16

						each!


















				Laser Engraved Journal with Strap





						As low as

		$3.19

						each!


















				Executive Notepad with Neon Flags





						As low as

		$1.59

						each!


















				Deluxe Sticky Notebook with Apple Notes





						As low as

		$1.45

						each!


















				Window Frame Journal





						As low as

		$1.89

						each!


















				School Pouch





						As low as

		$0.89

						each!


















				Contempo Desk Calculator





						As low as

		$2.29

						each!


















				USB Laptop LED Flex-Light





						As low as

		$1.29

						each!


















				Glitter/Sparkle Pencil





						As low as

		$0.19

						each!


















				Trusty Dual Light with Bottle Opener





						As low as

		$1.49

						each!


















				Patriot Party Light





						As low as

		$0.79

						each!


















				Expedition Key Ring





						As low as

		$1.39

						each!














1
2
3



This closeout sale is a great way to save on some of the hottest promotional items around. From customized key rings that sport your company's logo to colorful pens that your clients can't help but notice, this page contains dependable, high-quality products at a fraction of their regular cost.With your personalized closeout order, you'll receive steeply discounted products without compromising on quality. These savings are sure to magnify your already deep closeout discounts of 50 percent or more. These items aren't just affordable: Designed with the highest quality in mind, they're designed to offer the best value around. Each closeout spiral notebook is held together with the finest plastic rings that can be customized in virtually any color of your choosing.Every sturdy carabiner is tested to ensure that it can hold a solid load. Even the closeout zoom-light key chains that you'll find here are built to emit concentrated, powerful illumination that can help your clients read in the dark or find their way around a closet.Of course, no closeout sale would be complete without a full range of customization options. With over 500 custom colors and the ability to imprint a wide range of images and characters onto each item of your order, your closeout order is sure to help your company stand out from the crowd.These personalized products are great for distributing at big events like trade shows or conventions, and they work well as guerrilla marketing tools as well. You can even use them to turn your next customer appreciation day into an advertising bonanza.Before you place your order, be sure to make it your own. For maximum impact, wrap your items with a printed image or logo that sums up your business. To stay fresh in the minds of prospective clients, imprint your company's slogan or contact information on your closeout products. Once you're ready to purchase, simply choose your desired quantity and await your game-changing shipment.





































Back to School | National Pen
















  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  



















	    	    
		 
		





Back to School









Fun Supplies 


Everyday Necessities 


Upgraded Basics 




Shop by Category


Pens & Writing


Stationery


Bags


Drinkware


Tech Gadgets


Apparel & Accessories






Top Picks




 






					Deluxe Neon Round Pencil



								As low as 
		$0.16

								each!







 






					The Campus Backpack



								As low as 
		$7.86

								each!







 






					The Star Spiral Notebook



								As low as 
		$1.63

								each!







 






					Clear Solar Calculator



								As low as 
		$2.76

								each!







 






					BIC® 3x3 Die Cut Sticky Notepad-50 Sheet-Octagon



								As low as 
		$0.95

								each!







 






					8" Calculator / Ruler



								As low as 
		$1.49

								each!







 






					Budget Lunch Bag



								As low as 
		$1.49

								each!







 






					6 Piece Crayon Set



								As low as 
		$0.44

								each!
































New Promotional Products to Boost Business | National Pen






















































  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  





























New Products




































Narrow Your Search:

Toggle filter



Category



						Bags (35)
					  





						Drinkware (1)
					  


Product Colors



						Black (15)
					  





						Blue (15)
					  





						Brown (3)
					  





						Gray (1)
					  





						Green (10)
					  





						Orange (5)
					  





						Purple (7)
					  





						Red (6)
					  





						Silver (10)
					  





						Translucent (11)
					  





						White (21)
					  





						Yellow (4)
					  


Price



						$1.00 - $1.49 (17)
					  





						$1.50 - $1.99 (18)
					  





						$3.00 - $4.99 (1)
					  


Shipping



						Ships in 4-10 Business Days (35)
					  





						Ships in 11-15 Business Days (1)
					  


Minimum Quantity



						50 - 99 (1)
					  





						100 - 199 (35)
					  


Brand



						National Pen (1)
					  





Recently Viewed Products:

Toggle Recently Viewed





You have no recently viewed items










xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!






New Products


        36 results found











Items per page:


                                      12
24
36
48
All

Sort by:

Default
Best Sellers
Price: Low - High
Price: High - Low
Minimum Quantity
Name: A - Z
Name: Z - A


  Grid
  List




















				Vp Frosted Plastic Bag-Clear Tube Handles 10" x 8"





						As low as

		$1.90

						each!


















				Paris Paper Bag





						As low as

		$1.48

						each!


















				Mars Frosted Plastic Bag-Loop Handles 8" x 10"





						As low as

		$1.45

						each!


















				Pisces Frosted Plastic Bag-Macramé Handles 10"x8"





						As low as

		$1.60

						each!


















				Jewel Paper Bag





						As low as

		$1.40

						each!


















				London Paper Bag





						As low as

		$1.65

						each!


















				McKinley Paper Bag





						As low as

		$1.92

						each!


















				Jumbo Large Bottom T-Shirt Style Bag - Hot Stamp





						As low as

		$1.45

						each!


















				Scorpio Frosted Plstc Bag-Macramé Handles 13"x10"





						As low as

		$1.70

						each!


















				Chablis Paper Bag





						As low as

		$1.56

						each!


















				Jupiter Plastic Bag





						As low as

		$1.58

						each!


















				Rome Paper Bag





						As low as

		$1.73

						each!














1
2
3



Your personalized new promotional products will do more than offer people an item that they can use constantly; they will promote your business and remind people that you are just a phone call away.

At National Pen, we have several new promotional products that will impress anyone who receives them. As with all our pens, you can personalize the new promotional products to bear your company's name, the street address, the telephone number and your website address. These pens can even be printed with your logo in full color. Our online tools with a wide selection of colors and fonts makes it easy to customize a new promotional product that will market your brand and help people remember you.

All our custom new promotional products are low priced to easily fit into your advertising budget. They are highly cost-effective, but they are also of extremely high quality. National Pen products are built to last so that they can keep your company's name in your customers' minds. You will always be proud to hand out our personalized pens to promote your company.

Sending your regular customers promotional pens is a great way to remind them that you appreciate their business. Customized products are also good for attracting new clients. If you're going to participate in a trade show, giving away pens would encourage the passers-by to remember your booth and select your services. Any time that you need to market your business at a corporate event, customized pens will be a gift that the recipient can remember. Whether as a giveaway prize or part of a marketing set, new promotional products by National Pen can help set your company apart from the competition. 

We always offer high quality and low prices on customized new promotional products. For your advertising needs, choose National Pen. 

















