

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















KOKINO LLC :: Business Lookup







































kokino LLC
30 rockefeller plaza-rm 3248
new york, new york 10112




NYS Entity Status
ACTIVE
NYS Filing Date
JANUARY   17, 2014
NYS DOS ID#
4515678
County
NEW YORK
Jurisdiction
DELAWARE


Registered Agent
NONE
NYS Entity Type
FOREIGN LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
Name History

			2014 - KOKINO LLC





View Larger Map









Tweet





Buffer















Telephone
n/a
Fax
n/a
Website
n/a
Email address
n/a
LinkedIn
n/a


Facebook
n/a
Google+
n/a
Twitter
n/a
Pinterest
n/a
Instagram
n/a






















AROUND THE WEB
Fit City: Taking Night-Life Cue, Gyms Lower the Lights

						By TATIANA BONCOMPAGNI - Tuesday Jun 13, 2017

Cycling, boxing and running studios, as well as some full-service gyms, are using sophisticated lighting systems to heighten the exercise experience.

Source: NYT > Home Page
Woody Allen’s ‘Wonder Wheel’ set to close NY Film Festival

						By Deadline - Tuesday Jul 25, 2017

The film will go into limited release December 1.

Source: New York Post: Entertainment
Conviction Overturned for ex-NY Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver

						Thursday Jul 13, 2017

A federal appeals court has overturned the corruption conviction of former New York Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver.

Source: NBC News
Coffee recalled for containing Viagra-like ingredient

						By Fox News - Thursday Jul 20, 2017

A company based in Texas has recalled a coffee product after a substance found in a drug used to treat erectile dysfunction was found in the product, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) confirmed. Bestherbs Coffee LLC has recalled all of its “New of Kopi Jantan Tradisional Herbs Coffee” after the FDA said it found...

Source: New York Post: News
Listing of the Day: New York

						Friday Jul 21, 2017

 The colonial-style home in Westchester, New York played host to the wedding of Marilyn Monroe and playwright Arthur Miller.

Source: The Wall Street Journal: Most Popular
New York City and James Blake Resolve Excessive-Force Claim

						By BENJAMIN MUELLER - Wednesday Jun 21, 2017

As part of the deal with the former pro tennis player, the city will create a new position within the agency that investigates police misconduct.

Source: NYT > Home Page


kokino llc new york ny





		
			 


			 



			 








 
Business Lookup/

 
 






























KOKINO LLC- Ratings & Rankings by Symmetric




 






























Home
About

Pricing

Login


























KOKINO LLC



Get the Full Report
















 KOKINO LLC Overview



												   Kokino Llc is an investment advisor. The manager's has disclosed holdings from 12/31/14 to 03/31/17.
												



Get the Full Report









					
					 KOKINO LLC StockAlpha 
					
					






-3.4%





Top 25%



2.5yr StockAlpha
Register for more...
















Fundamental & Technical Factor Exposure
										






Market Cap
Beta
Volatility


Momentum (12M)
Momentum (6M)
Momentum (3M)


Price/Book
Price/Earnings
Price/Cash Flow


Dividend Yield
Sales Growth
Earnings Growth


ROE
ROA
ROC


EBIDTA Margin
Debt/Assets
Hedge Fund Crowding









 KOKINO LLC Since Last Filing Return Details
																										






Ticker
Size
Sector
Stock Move

StockAlpha Attribution
Days to Liquidate
Trade Crowdedness




KTEC
52.39%
Industrials
-2.04%

-2.1%
21
0%



ASYS
40.11%
Tech
65.64%

23.28%
108
1%





Get the Full Report














×
Register to Unlock



Unlock profile and also get:

Manager Positions and Return Details
Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration
Manager Performance Estimates
Top Stock Pickers Report













We take your privacy seriously. Your information will never be shared with any third party











×
Download PDF Report





GENERATING REPORT...

								
								This may take upto 60 secs. 
















FEATURED IN





















 KOKINO LLC Founders and Key Employees






Name
Title
In Position Since















 KOKINO LLC Brokers, Custodians, Auditors and Administrators






Type
Company

















 KOKINO LLC Investment Strategy


				
					   ...Get the Full Report







 KOKINO LLC Portfolio Concentration




Get the Full Report











 KOKINO LLC Location



 












  KOKINO LLC Contact Information



							Phone Number: NULL
							Fax Number: NULL
							Website: null









READ RECENT SYMMETRIC REPORTS






















Disclaimer



				
		The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Symmetric and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Symmetric nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance and skill metrics are no guarantee of future results. "Symmetric," "Symmetric.io" and the Symmetric logo are marks of Symmetric, Inc. Read our privacy policy here. Read our terms of use here



  

Featured Download

KOKINO LLC FULL REPORT

LEARN MORE






















 Path B		  










Kokino LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 29, 2017 5:08 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Kokino LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Kokino LLC is a private investment firm based in Stamford, Connecticut.


201 Tresser Boulevard3rd FloorStamford, CT 06901United States



Phone: 405-936-6220








Key Executives for Kokino LLC




Mr. Brian T. Olson


      	President and Chief Investment Officer 
      








Mr. Douglas T. Kline


      	Chief Operating Officer 
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Kokino LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











KOKKINO PROPERTIES, LLC - EUGENE, OR - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OR



EUGENE



Nonresidential Building Operators



Nonresidential Building Operators



                            KOKKINO PROPERTIES, LLC
                                    



 





















K 


KOKKINO PROPERTIES, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3049 ASHLEY LOOP EUGENE, OR 97405
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated OR
 Annual Revenue $170,000.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Nonresidential Building Operators
 Contacts JUDY S KOKKINO







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







K

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Key Technology Appoints Robert M. Averick to Board of Directors Nasdaq:KTEC









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Key Technology Appoints Robert M. Averick to Board of Directors




















June 22, 2016 11:00 ET

 | Source: Key Technology, Inc.






WALLA WALLA, Wash., June  22, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Key Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:KTEC), a worldwide leader and full-solutions provider in the design and manufacture of process automation systems, announced today that Robert M. Averick was appointed to serve as a director of the Company effective June 20, 2016 until the February 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Mr. Averick has over 15 years of experience as a small-capitalization, value-driven public equity portfolio manager.  His prior work experience includes positions within structured finance as well as strategic planning and consulting.  Mr. Averick is currently a Portfolio Manager for Kokino LLC, a private firm based in Stamford, Connecticut. From 2000 to 2010, Mr. Averick served as Vice President and Portfolio Manager at Richard L. Scott Investments, a private family office, where he co-managed a public equity portfolio.  In this position as well as his current position with Kokino LLC, he has managed public equity portfolios, including responsibility for all aspects of the investment process, from due diligence to decision-making.  Prior to 2000, Mr. Averick served as Senior Associate in the Structured Finance Group of Prudential Investments, where he focused on highly structured, private and 144A asset-backed transactions. Mr. Averick and certain entities to which his employer provides investment management services currently own in excess of 19% of the outstanding shares of Key Technology, Inc. Mr. Averick earned a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from the University of Virginia, and a Masters in Business Administration in Finance from The Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania.  He currently serves as a director of Amtech Systems, Inc. Rich Lawrence, Chairman, commented, “We are very pleased to have Rob join our board.  He has held a long-term interest in Key, and is dedicated to the success of the Company.  We believe his many years of experience in analyzing public companies will be highly valuable as the Company works to build shareholder value for the future.” About Key TechnologyKey Technology (NASDAQ:KTEC) is a global leader in the design and manufacture of process automation systems including digital sorters, conveyors, and processing equipment. Applying processing knowledge and application expertise, Key helps customers in the food processing and other industries improve quality, increase yield, and reduce cost. An ISO-9001 certified company, Key manufactures its products at its headquarters in Walla Walla, Washington, USA; and in Beusichem, the Netherlands; Hasselt, Belgium; and Redmond, Oregon, USA. Key offers customer demonstration and testing services at five locations including Walla Walla, Beusichem, and Hasselt as well as Sacramento, California, USA and Melbourne, Australia; and maintains a sales and service office in Santiago de Queretaro, Mexico. Forward-Looking StatementsCertain statements in this press release may be forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These statements may relate to expected results of operations or gross margins; expected trends in sales, orders, earnings and other financial measures; projected expenses, including general and administrative expenses; national and international economic conditions; the effect of foreign exchange fluctuations; or other future occurrences.  Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of economic, competitive, and governmental risks and uncertainties.  These risks and uncertainties include, among other things: factors that could increase our cost of operations and reduce gross margins and profitability, including expanding into new markets, undertaking complex projects and applications, increasing research and development expenses, and offering increasingly integrated products; acquisitions that may harm our operating results; failure of our existing and new products to compete successfully, which could result in the loss of market share and a decrease in our sales and profits; significant investments in unsuccessful research and development efforts; industry consolidation increasing competition in the food processing equipment industry; advances in technology by competitors adversely affecting our sales and profitability; the failure of our independent sales representatives to perform as expected, thereby harming our net sales; our dependence on certain suppliers leaving us temporarily without adequate access to raw materials or products; and increased or unanticipated costs associated with product warranties adversely affecting our profitability.  These and other risk factors are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in Item 1A, "Risk Factors," of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015.  We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of subsequent developments, except as may be required by law. News releases and other information about Key Technology, Inc. can beaccessed at www.key.net.Contact
Jeff Siegal
Senior Vice President and CFO
Key Technology, Inc.
150 Avery Street
Walla Walla, WA  99362
Tel: +1 509-394-3300
Email: jsiegal@key.net
URL: www.key.net


Related Articles
other press releases by Key Technology, Inc.


Key Technology Announces Fiscal 2017 Third Quarter Financial Results
July 27, 2017 16:10


Key Technology Announces Fiscal 2017 Third Quarter Conference Call
July 17, 2017 11:00


Key Technology Wins US$9 Million Deal with Lutosa, McCain’s Belgian Subsidiary
April 27, 2017 16:11


Key Technology Announces Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Financial Results
April 27, 2017 16:10


Key Technology Announces Fiscal 2017 First Quarter  Financial Results
January 26, 2017 16:10






212



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Key Technology, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Walla Walla, Washington, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Contact
Jeff Siegal
Senior Vice President and CFO
Key Technology, Inc.
150 Avery Street
Walla Walla, WA  99362
Tel: +1 509-394-3300
Email: jsiegal@key.net
URL: www.key.net

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Key Technology, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.








Kokino LLC :: OpenCorporates








































We're hiring developers!
Apply here







The Open Database Of The Corporate World







Search




Companies



Officers

























Log in/Sign up












Kokino LLC



Company Number LC1200058
Status Active
Incorporation Date 27 January 2012 (over 5 years ago)
Company Type Limited Liability Company
Jurisdiction Missouri (US)
Registered Address 814 Rollins RdColumbia, MO 65203United States
Agent Name Tye, Robert L
Agent Address 814 Rollins Rd
Columbia, MO 65203
Directors / Officers Tye, Robert L, agent
Registry Page https://bsd.sos.mo.gov/BusinessEntity...





Recent filings for Kokino LLC
27 Jan 2012


Articles of Organization




27 Jan 2012


Creation Filing

view







Source Missouri Secretary of State, https://bsd.sos.mo.gov/BusinessEntity...,  3 Aug 2016


Add data (website, address, etc)






Explore company network



Company network
Not yet available for this company.
Click to find out more



Corporate Grouping
User Contributed



None known.
Add one now?


See all corporate groupings


Similarly named companies


 KOKINO LLC (Delaware (US), 23 Feb 2011- )


 branch KOKINO LLC (District of Columbia (US), 23 Feb 2011- )


 branch KOKINO LLC (Connecticut (US), 16 Jan 2014- )


 branch KOKINO LLC (New York (US), 17 Jan 2014- )










* While we strive to keep this information correct and up-to-date, it is not the primary source, and the company registry (see source, above) should always be referred to for definitive information


Data on this page last changed August  8 2016



Problem/question about this data?
Click here



 Open Data

Get this info as
json, xml, rdf











