

	KOKO Trademark of Vernico Products Ltd.. Serial Number: 77040400 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Cosmetics and Cleaning Products
KOKO










 
Get FREE email alerts













KOKO  Trademark Information
 Vernico Products Ltd.
hair care products, namely, permanent hair colors and developers




Perfect for these industries

Cosmetics and Cleaning Products





Words that describe this mark
hair   care   products         permanent   hair   colors   developers    
                                    




This is a brand page for the KOKO trademark by Vernico Products Ltd. 
                                in Montreal, , H9P2S5.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this KOKO trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Vernico Products Ltd. of the KOKO trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the KOKO trademark.
                           






On Thursday, November 09, 2006,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        KOKO by 
                        Vernico Products Ltd., Montreal H9P2S5.
                        The USPTO has given the KOKO 
                        trademark serial  number of  77040400.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED AND RENEWED.
                        The correspondent listed for KOKO is 
                        
                        
                                            Harris A. Wolin of 
                                            Myers Wolin, LLC,  100 Headquarters Plaza, 6th Floor, North Tower Morristown, NJ 07960
                                .
                            The KOKO trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Cosmetics and Cleaning Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for KOKO 
                            is hair care products, namely, permanent hair colors and developers. 
                            





Word mark:
 KOKO


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED AND RENEWED

4/18/2017

Estimated Renewal Deadline: February 19, 2018See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
77040400


  Filing Date:  
11/9/2006


 Registration Number:  
3383955 


 Registration Date:  
2/19/2008


 Goods and Services: 
hair care products, namely, permanent hair colors and developers


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
12/4/2007


Last Applicant/Owner:

Vernico Products Ltd.Montreal H9P2S5
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Harris A. Wolin
Myers Wolin, LLC
100 Headquarters Plaza
6th Floor, North Tower
Morristown, NJ 07960





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (003) - Bleaching preparations and other substances for laundry use; cleaning, polishing, scouring and abrasive preparations; soaps; perfumery, essential oils, cosmetics, hair lotions; dentifrices. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your KOKO trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/18/2017
REGISTERED AND RENEWED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Harris A. Wolin


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of KOKO trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search koko on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for KOKO 




KOKO is providing hair care products, namely, permanent hair colors and developers.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






















KOKO




















































































KOKO IS A PLATFORM FOR
SMART COMMERCE IN URBAN AFRICA

Our network of cloud-connected KOKOpoints provides unprecedented convenience, value and reach for mass market consumers and suppliers.













WHAT WE OFFER
KOKO's tech platform connects suppliers, retailers and consumers in African cities. KOKO deploys networks of cloud-connected e-commerce kiosks, called KOKOpoints.

















CONSUMERS

Save time and money obtaining valuable goods and services. Our first product is called SmartCook.



























NEIGHBORHOOD MERCHANTS

Add a profitable new income stream and increase footfall.


















GLOBAL & LOCAL SUPPLIERS

Identify and connect directly with mass-market consumers.



























Our Nairobi network is LIVE.





I'm Interested in
                            

becoming a KOKO agent
advertising through KOKO
distributing my product or service via KOKO's agent network









Contact Us














OUR STORY











2009
KOKO founders begin researching the $12 billion retail market for charcoal cooking fuel in Africa’s 40 largest cities.







2010
KOKO founders establish CleanStar Mozambique (later called NDZiLO) and secure strategic co-investment to develop a commercial “Proof-of- Concept” for ethanol cooking.







2011
NDZiLO closes award-winning climate finance deal with Bank of America Merrill Lynch in relation to switching consumers from charcoal to ethanol cooking fuel.







2012
NDZiLO commissions pilot ethanol cooking fuel plant that uses feedstock supplied by thousands of smallholder farmers in central Mozambique.







2013
Over 10% of Maputo households adopt NDZiLO’s cooking fuel solution, benefiting more than 200,000 people.







2013
UN Clean Development Mechanism validates carbon emissions reduction from using NDZiLO exceeds 5 tons of CO2e per household per year.







2013
KOKO founders begin researching consumer marketing, distribution, and operations management technologies that can help companies like NDZiLO break into the mass market more quickly and efficiently.







2014
KOKO founders relocate to Kampala and Nairobi to develop a new technology platform for launching innovative solutions (including ethanol cooking) to the mass market.







2014
KOKO Networks entities established.







2015
Initial KOKO prototypes designed and deployed with pilot customers in Kampala and Nairobi.







2015
KOKO raises external capital from US and EU family offices.







2016
Refined KOKO prototypes (including KOKO mobile app, KOKOpoint system, cloud software and consumer hardware) deployed with pilot customers in Kampala and Nairobi.







2016
KOKO raises additional capital from family offices, tech investors and institutional investors in the EU, the UK, North America and the Middle East.







2016
Experienced Kenyan executives join KOKO to prepare for Nairobi launch.







2017
Mass production of “SmartCook” ethanol cooking solution commences.







2017
KOKO launches first Network in Nairobi in April 2017.







2017
Business development discussions underway for expanding services on KOKO platform and entering new African cities.








2009



2010



2011



2012



2013



2013



2013



2014



2014



2015



2015



2016



2016



2016



2017



2017



2017















CONTACT US






                                    Do you believe that the future of commerce in African cities is local and social?
                                







                                    Have you developed a new product for the mass-market and need a smart launch platform?
                                







                                    Are you passionate about expanding access to responsible FinTech?
                                







                                    Do you have a mobile app or data that you want to get onto urban smartphones at no cost to consumers?
                                







                                    Are you an established business interested in building the KOKO Network for your city?
                                







                                    Are you a fuels supplier interested in the wholesale SmartCook fuel distribution concession for your city?
                                








Yes? Let's Talk































I would like to know more about ...




Becoming a KOKO agent retailer
Advertising through KOKO
Distributing my product or service via KOKO's agent network
Bringing KOKO to my city
Covering KOKO for media
Other














Send











 
     
      
     
       
     
        
      
     
       
       
       
       
     
         
     

         
     
         
       
       
      

    


















KOKO Networks Has Launched A Connected Grid Of E-Commerce Kiosks In Nairobi




























































Open Sidebar








KOKO Networks Has Launched A Connected Grid Of E-Commerce Kiosks In Nairobi

							by iAfrikan News on April 26, 2017 Read in 





KOKO Networks (KOKO), an international technology company with offices in East Africa and India, has launched a network of physical Internet-connected kiosks in Kenya's capital city, Nairobi.
The kiosks are known as "KOKOpoints" and are placed inside neighbourhood stores in Nairobi. 
“KOKO Networks is focused on improving life for everyone in Africa’s cities. Our platform enables mass-market consumers, shopkeepers and suppliers to transact with greater speed, efficiency and insight than ever before. This is the future of commerce in urban Africa: smart, local and social.” said Greg Murray, Co-founder and CEO of KOKO Networks.
KOKOpoints work on a franchise model where successful franchisees, i.e. shopkeepers, pay KOKO a franchise fee for having the kiosk in their store.
For customers, the benefit is that of being able to pay via mobile money and purchasing products that are otherwise not available locally, "Customers pay electronically for their purchases – via mobile money, or through a range of payment options arranged with third-party lenders. Once an order is placed, KOKO’s systems ensure that delivery from the supplier to the local shop is completed in less than 24 hours. Customers then pick up their KOKO package at their convenience from the shop location, using a unique digital code sent to their phone." said KOKO when announcing their launch in Nairobi.
The first consumer product to be sold on the KOKO platform will be SmartCook® – a cooking solution that is said to consist of a 2 burner stove and a reusable smart fuel canister that can be docked and refilled at any KOKOpoint.
KOKO's SmartCook® announcement comes a few days after a Kenyan startup that offers a pay-as-you-go service for cooking gas, PayGo Energy, announced it had raised $1,43 million in a seed, debt and equity funding round to expand its business in Kenya.
“More than $400 million per year is spent on domestic cooking in Nairobi alone, much of that on slow, dirty and unsafe fuels. SmartCook’s solution is based on a liquid fuel which is cleaner to burn, safer to store, and cheaper to handle than solid or gaseous fuels. As KOKO expands across Nairobi, every resident will finally have access to a better way to cook.” concluded Amanda Donahue, General Manager of KOKO Networks Kenya.




Comments

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.



Subscribe to the IAfrikan Daily Brief
Get the latest news delivered right to your inbox from Monday to Saturday.





Subscribe












About iAfrikan
A technology company that produces content, podcasts, events, publications and other services about Afrika's burgeoning innovation and technology sector and how it affects culture, business and day to day life on the continent.


Contact
We'd love to hear from you.

 hello [at] iAfrikan.com
 Market Up Building, 10 Van Beek Street, Johannesburg, South Africa
 The Foundry Africa, Joseph Kang'ethe Road, Nairobi, Kenya



Close Sidebar







Latest


MORE



Featured





How To Buy Bitcoins In Afrika







Afrika Needs More Technology Focused Academics To Propel It Forward





This Is Probably The Coolest And More Affordable Electric Car That You Can Buy And Drive Today




Startups

Nigeria's Stutern Is Working On Solving The Youth Unemployment Problem In Afrika8 June 2017
Safarisource Is Empowering Safari Tour Operators Across Afrika By Connecting Them Directly To Travelers5 July 2017
South Africa's Tapsnapp Looks To Take The Hassle Out Of Hiring Photographers4 July 2017
How Numida Is Using Alternative Data To Help Afrikan SMEs To Access Growth Credit1 July 2017
Mastercard Partner With Nigerian FinTech Startup NetPlusDotCom For A Cashless Online Shopping Payment Solution23 June 2017
This South African Startup Has Developed An HR System That Actually Focusses On People21 June 2017
7 Zambian Startups Accepted Into BongoHive's Fifth Cohort Of The Launch Accelerator Programme20 June 2017













 























 



 KOKO Ltd. Announces the Acquisition of Cardinal Energy Group, LLC 
         










    










 






 











 









KOKO Ltd. Announces the Acquisition of Cardinal Energy Group, LLC

		  'The Acquisition Changes the Company Business Direction'
		

Nov 01, 2012, 14:06 ET
		  		  					
						 from   KOKO Ltd. 











 
















































 

 




















 


COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- KOKO Ltd (OTCQX: KOKX) today announced the acquisition of Cardinal Energy Group, LLC. The acquisition sets a new course for the Company. Cardinal Energy is an independent gas and oil producer that operates throughout the Continental United States. The Company is in the process of its name and symbol change. 
Gregory Ruff, Director of KOKO Ltd comments, "The acquisition of Cardinal Energy begins the start of a new Company mission.  We divested our holdings in the home appliance business so we can focus our sites on the oil and gas industry. We are confident this acquisition will increase our shareholder value considerably by providing a solid growth opportunity for our Company. The principals of Cardinal Energy have deep experience in producing oil and gas. They are also seasoned public company veterans. They intend to capitalize immediately on the proven formations they have targeted in the Appalachian Basin. They select prospects to invest in that within previously successful oil and gas fields. These fields have fallen into disuse or disrepair by their operators, but still offer tremendous revenue potential. By methodically refurbishing equipment and adding new technology, Cardinal has proven they can get these fields to once again produce significant returns with minimal investment."
ABOUT CARDINAL ENERGY GROUP, INC. (KOKX): (www.cardinalenergygroup.com) Cardinal Energy Group, Inc. is an independent Oil and Natural Gas producing company based in Columbus, Ohio. Cardinal is focused on producing oil and natural gas from proven formations that have existing wells that need remediation due to neglect or disrepair. Cardinal utilizes modern production methods and technology to restart or increase production through reworks or new drilling within the target field. The Company operates throughout the Continental United States.  
ABOUT KOKO LTD.: KOKO Ltd. was a publically traded manufacturing company with previous success in the household durables industry 
MEDIA CONTACT:Cardinal Energy Group, Inc.614.555.1212www.cardinalenergygroup.com Twitter: @cardinalenergygroup.comFacebook: Cardinal Energy Group, Inc.
 
 SOURCE  KOKO Ltd.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.cardinalenergygroup.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  





My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












KOKO Networks looking for Manufacturing Engineer in KE | Fuzu Jobs
  For employers Country Log inCountry Log inFor employersHomeJobsCoursesForumLet work find youAre you tired of job hunting? Fuzu matches thousands of jobs to YOU, provides PERSONAL career advice and FREE online courses.Are you tired of job hunting? Fuzu matches thousands of jobs to YOU, provides PERSONAL career advice and FREE online courses.Join now and apply
DetailsApplicationInstant FeedbackManufacturing Engineer in NairobiJob details Nairobi, Kenya This job is verified by FuzuThis position is now closed for applications. You can find other similar jobs by going back to the job listingsAll open jobsJob SummaryKOKO Networks is a venture-backed startup that is building a unique urban B2C technology platform for emerging markets, with an initial focus on East Africa and plans for rapid pan-African rollout.ResponsibilitiesKOKO Networks is in the process of identifying and evaluating potential partners for contract manufacturing of certain sheet metal, electronics and plastics components for KOKO’s product suite.  KOKO is also in the process of setting up a facility for (a) final assembly and testing of some of its products, and (b) use as a base for world-class product support and maintenance services.
KOKO Networks seeks to hire a Manufacturing Coordinator to assist with contract manufacturing management and design and setup of the KOKO Assembly & Maintenance Facility.General InformationSalary rangeNot specifiedAdditional informationNot specifiedContract typePermanentJob typeFull TimeLocationNairobiArea of workEngineering, architectureSeniorityExperienced (senior worker)Job RequirementsRequired educationBachelor's degreeRequired relevant work experience12 monthsRequired skillsQuality managementMechatronics, roboticsMechanical drawingsMachine operationRequired languagesEnglish(Spoken: fluent | Written: fluent)This position is now closed for applications. You can find other similar jobs by going back to the job listingsAll open jobs×Message from Mama FuzuFor you to apply for this position, Fuzu will take you through the Online CV wizard to build you a stylish CV that will be used in applying for this position and for making recommendations about other job opportunities.You will need to fill in your Online CV only once. For the next position the CV will be there waiting for you.Good luck!CancelContinueKOKO NetworksEnergy, utilities, environmentKOKO Networks aims at improving lives for everyone through technological transformation.Similar JobsSenior Software Engineer Android/Java Ona Kenya Ltd.   NairobiSenior Software Engineer Ona Kenya Ltd.   NairobiTest Engineer M-KOPA SOLAR   NairobiFuture Talent Automation Engineer Tetra Pak Limited   NairobiIntern-Civil Engineering Kenya Rural Roads Authority (KeRRA)   NairobiView more jobsJobs in Engineering, architectureMid-Level jobsJobs located in NairobiDo you want us to find the best matching jobs for you? Register to get started.Start now




Marketing Manager, Koko Networks, Nairobi : PCDN






Marketing Manager, Koko Networks, Nairobi






































































































































 

































  Register


















Toggle navigation









Home 


About 

What is PCDN? 
The PCDN Team 
Mission, Vision, Values 
Comments about PCDN 
Membership 
Support PCDN 



Community 

Latest Activity 
Members 
Organizational Members 
Groups 
Partnerships 



Content 

Forums 
Blog Posts 
Media Gallery 
Events 
Resource Guides 
PCDN Interviews 
How to Post 



Careers 

PCDNetwork’s 2017 Career Series 
Job, Consulting & Internship Listings 
Post a Career Opportunity 
World’s Top Meta List of Job Sites in Social Change & Related Fields 
Manage Career Postings 
My Career Board 
Employers 



Advertise 

How to Advertise 
Testimonials 



 Login


Signin













 Remember me
                                                                        Lost your password?


Login


Don't have an account? Register Now

 















 


Marketing Manager, Koko Networks, Nairobi



This listing has expired.



Viewed 
348
    


Published by Shortlist Professional Services
 June 29, 2017 12:37 am
 
 











Search






SPONSORED LINKSPONSORED LINKPlease pay what you can to support PCDN Please consider Paying What You Can to help PCDN grow. We encourage you to consider any amount from $1 and up. Read the SUPPORT page prior to making a payment to see PCDN's impact and how your payment will help.
   
LATEST ACTIVITIES [RSS]



					Viewing 1 - 8 of 8 items				

					  				







 



MarilynG posted a new blog Dictatorships in the 21st century 11 hours, 45 minutes ago









 



Kaitlin Conklin changed their profile picture 17 hours, 34 minutes ago









 



Jordan Koletic posted a new job opportunity Keough School of Global Affairs Program Manager – Indiana, USA 20 hours, 39 minutes ago









 



Jordan Koletic posted a new job opportunity Data & Society Research Institute Research Analyst – New York 20 hours, 45 minutes ago









 



Jordan Koletic posted a new job opportunity Save the Children Senior Social Protection Adviser – Farringdon London 20 hours, 50 minutes ago









 



Jordan Koletic posted a new job opportunity CGD Europe (CGDE) Institutional Advancement Officer – London 20 hours, 52 minutes ago









 



Jordan Koletic posted a new job opportunity University of Oxford Refugees Studies Centre Project Coordinator – Oxford 21 hours ago









 



Indepth Research Services posted a new event Shelter & Settlement Planning Course. 21 hours, 22 minutes ago





















 

















×
Newsletter Subscription



Let us know a little bit more about you before subscribing


Name *
Last name *


Email *
Organization


Author *



Subscribe







































































































