Potential New SEDEX Zinc Deposit | The Kootenay Zinc Corp



SULLIVAN MINE
ZNK SULLY PROJECT




DISCOVER THE SULLY PROJECT
ZINC IS NOW.

ZINC IS NOW.
Zinc was one of the best performing metals in 2016 and the outlook remains strong due in part to a global supply deficit

DISCOVER THE SULLY PROJECT



THE SULLY PROJECT
The Sully Project is located near Fort Steele, British Columbia, 30 kilometres east of the past-producing Sullivan mine of Teck Resources
THE SULLY PROJECT





SULLIVAN MINE
Sullivan was discovered in 1892, and produced through most of the 20th Century. It is one of the largest Ag, Pb, Zn SEDEX deposits in the world.


SULLIVAN MINE

DISCOVER THE SULLY MASSES







HISTORIC REGION,NEW OPPORTUNITY
ZNK's Sully Project exhibits some shared geological features to the Sullivan Mine: strata, geological time horizon, magnetic anomalies and soil chemistry.


ZNK's Sully Project exhibits some shared geological features to the Sullivan Mine: strata, geological time horizon, magnetic anomalies and soil chemistry.
HISTORIC SITE, NEW OPPORTUNITY


LEARN MORE ABOUT THE SULLY PROJECTLEARN MORE ABOUT THE SULLY PROJECT


EAST AND WEST MASSES
Detailed gravity surveys done at Sully over the last two decades have defined parallel near-vertical anomalies about 1 kilometre apart. Nine holes drilled to date have detailed much of the geology around the vicinity of the gravity anomalies but none crossed the latest and most defined location of the likely cause.
EAST AND WEST MASSES


THE SULLY PROJECT
WHY ZINC?CONTACTMANAGEMENT

INVESTORS

STOCK QUOTESNEWSPRESENTATIONS




WHY ZINC?SULLIVAN MINE
ZNK SULLY PROJECT




Stay up to date on ZNK to have the latest company news, drill results, and site updates delivered to your inbox the moment they become available. 
BE AMONG THE FIRST TO KNOW












BE AMONG THE FIRST TO KNOW






The Kootenay Zinc Corporation
Suite 800 1199 W. Hastings
Vancouver BC, Canada
V6E 3T5

info@kootenayzinc.com

THE SULLY PROJECTHOMEWHY ZINC?NEWSPRESENTATIONSCONTACTMANAGEMENTINVESTORSSTOCK QUOTES

DISCLAIMER



ZINCINVESTORSPRESENTATIONSTHE SULLY PROJECT
CONTACTFINANCIAL REPORTSSHARE STRUCTURESTOCK QUOTESNEWSMANAGEMENT
TECHNICAL TEAMDIRECTORS



















  OCE Stock Quote - Kootenay Zinc Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Kootenay Zinc Corp   OCE:CN      Ticker Change   OCE:CN has changed to a new ticker symbol   CAD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (CAD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (CAD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Materials   % Price Change +1.28%     Industry Materials   % Price Change +1.28%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Kootenay Zinc Corp. operates as a mining company. The Company mines and processes metals.    Address  1199 West Hastings StreetSuite 800Vancouver, BC V6E 3T5Canada   Phone  1-604-306-0068   Website   -              Zinc is On the Rise | The Kootenay Zinc Corp : ZNK



LONDON METALS EXCHANGE ZINC ETF:   LME | ZINC



As 2016's top performer of the 22 raw materials tracked by the Bloomberg Commodity Index, zinc has been making history in the metals exchange. There is now tremendous excitement in the zinc market with prices up 60% this year from a six-year low in January as supply constraints loom in both concentrates and refined metal.
THE WORLD NEEDS ZINC.








ZINC: THE BULLISH EXCEPTION AMONG METALS - GOLDMAN SACHS, 2016
Goldman Sachs has forecast a 114,000 ton shortage of zinc this year, which will widen to 360,000 tons in 2017. As the deficit widens, prices will ascend. Goldman expects zinc could hit $2,500 per metric ton in six months.

ZINC: THE BULLISH EXCEPTION AMONG METALS - GOLDMAN SACHS, 2016



Zinc prices could go higher following the announcement in August 2016 of several mine closures by China, the world's largest zinc producer. Beijing ordered the shutdown of all lead and zinc mines in parts of Hunan province, the center of Chinese production, until next June because of safety and environmental concerns. Bans on lead production are being extended to at least seven other provinces.
RISING DEMAND

RISING DEMAND

We view zinc as the bullish exception in the metals space and remain very bearish on the outlook for other base metals prices. In the second half of 2016, Zinc has by far the most bullish supply-side dynamic.





AND, "NO SIGNS OF SLOWING"

AND, "NO SIGNS OF SLOWING"
As zinc’s rally shows no sign of slowing down anytime soon, miners are rushing to find new zinc reserves with the closure of many mines contributing to the fall in zinc supplies. While the rush is on, it will take years for new zinc mines to come online, and in the meantime, those miners who can find the best deposits, with the shortest ramp-up time could see their stock value soar. Even better positioned are those miners who can expand their current zinc reserves. Zinc is often deposited in conjunction with other base metals. Miners would be smart at looking into turning their focus to zinc to capitalize on the current price rally.


ZINC IN USE

More than 13 million tons of zinc was produced in 2013 worldwide. Sixty percent of this is used for galvanizing to protect steel from corrosion thus prolonging the service life of steel products significantly. Approximately 15% goes into the production of zinc base alloys, mainly to supply the die casting industry, 14% goes into the production of brass and bronze and 8% into the production of compounds including zinc oxide and zinc sulfate. The remainder is zinc alloys, mainly rolled, utilized in semi-manufactured applications including coinage and architectural applications..
These first-use suppliers then convert zinc into in a broad range of products. By far the largest application area is construction with 45% of all first-use zinc products used in this area. The transportation sector consumes 25% of global zinc consumption and consumer goods – including electrical and electronic appliances – accounts for 23%. The remaining 7% is used for the manufacture of industrial machinery.


ZINC IN USE

THE WORLD NEEDS ZINC
-GOLDMAN SACHS (2016)  | VIEW THEIR FULL ZINC REPORT HERE >
GOLDMAN SACHS (2016)VIEW THEIR FULL ZINC REPORT HERE >

AMIDST A GLOBAL SUPPLY SHORTAGE

Goldman Sachs has forecast a 114,000 ton shortage of zinc this year, which will widen to 360,000 tons in 2017. As the deficit widens, prices will ascend. Goldman expects zinc could hit $2,500 per metric ton in six months.
The resulting squeeze in zinc supplies has particularly affected China, which is both the world's largest zinc consumer and its largest producer, with 4.9 million tons of output in 2015. Chinese manufacturers are now being forced to import zinc for use in cars, household appliances, paints, rubber products and smartphones.
Australia is the world's second largest zinc producer, according to the U.S. Geological Survey, at 1.58 million tons last year. Its output will fall this year because of the Glencore cuts, analysts said. Peru is third with 1.37 million tons. Asian producers include fifth-ranked India with 830,000 tons and eighth-ranked Kazakhstan with 330,000 tons.


AMIDST A GLOBAL SUPPLY SHORTAGE



Stay up to date on ZNK to have the latest company news, drill results, and site updates delivered to your inbox the moment they become available.
BE AMONG THE FIRST TO KNOW












BE AMONG THE FIRST TO KNOW



THE SULLY PROJECT
WHY ZINC?CONTACTMANAGEMENT

INVESTORS

STOCK QUOTESNEWSPRESENTATIONS




WHY ZINC?





The Kootenay Zinc Corporation
Suite 800 1199 W. Hastings
Vancouver BC, Canada
V6E 3T5

info@kootenayzinc.com

THE SULLY PROJECTHOMEWHY ZINC?NEWSPRESENTATIONSCONTACTMANAGEMENTINVESTORSSTOCK QUOTES

DISCLAIMER



ZINCINVESTORSPRESENTATIONSTHE SULLY PROJECT
CONTACTFINANCIAL REPORTSSHARE STRUCTURESTOCK QUOTESNEWSMANAGEMENT
TECHNICAL TEAMDIRECTORS

HISTORICAL ZINC PRICE - LONDON METALS EXCHANGE: ZINC EXCHANGE TRADED FUND   LME | ZINC























Kootenay Zinc Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















kootenay zinc corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Materials
Industry: Metals & Mining
Sub-Industry: Other Mined Minerals
Kootenay Zinc Corp. operates as a mining company. The Company mines and processes metals.




Corporate Information
Address:

1199 West Hastings Street
Suite 800
Vancouver, BC V6E 3T5
Canada


Phone:
1-604-306-0068


Fax:
1-888-241-5996























From The Web












Press Releases




Sully Project - E3 Target Drilling Underway

Jun 26, 2017



Sully Project - E3 Target Drilling Underway

Jun 26, 2017



Sully Project Exploration Update on E3

Jun 16, 2017



Sully Project Exploration Update on E3

Jun 16, 2017



NetworkNewsWire Releases Exclusive Audio Interview with Kootenay Zinc Corp. (KTNNF)

May 24, 2017



NetworkNewsWire Announces Publication on the Bullish Outlook for Zinc and the Companies Set to Profit

May 12, 2017



Kootenay Zinc Corp.: Sully Project Exploration Update

May 08, 2017



Kootenay Zinc Corp.: Sully Project Exploration Update

May 08, 2017







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































    KTNNF Key Statistics - Kootenay Zinc Corp. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Kootenay Zinc Corp.

                  OTC: KTNNF
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Kootenay Zinc Corp.



Market open
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 24, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


KTNNF

/quotes/zigman/82814885/delayed


$
0.06




Change

-0.01
-14.29%

Volume
Volume 34,411
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/82814885/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.07
		


$
				0.06
			
Change

-0.01
-14.29%





Day low
Day high
$0.06
$0.07










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.06
        

            $0.59
        

















      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Jay Edward Sujir 
58
2016
Chairman



Mr. Hugh  Rogers 
36
2016
Independent Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/ktnnf

      MarketWatch News on KTNNF
    
No News currently available for KTNNF





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/ktnnf

      Other News on KTNNF
    
No News currently available for KTNNF










At a Glance

Kootenay Zinc Corp.
1199 West Hastings Street
Suite 800

Vancouver, British Columbia V6E 3T5




Phone
1 6043060068


Industry
General Mining


Sector
Basic Materials/Resources


Fiscal Year-end
-


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
N/A


Employees

        -


Annual Report for KTNNF











/news/pressrelease/company/us/ktnnf

      Press Releases on KTNNF
    




 Sully Project - E3 Target Drilling Underway
1:11 p.m. June 26, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Sully Project Exploration Update on E3
9:00 a.m. June 16, 2017
 - Marketwired




 NetworkNewsWire Announces Publication on the Bullish Outlook for Zinc and the Companies Set to Profit
8:30 a.m. May 12, 2017
 - Marketwired




 With Zinc Prices and Global Deficit on the Rise, Savvy Mining Companies are Poised to Profit
8:25 a.m. May 11, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Kootenay Zinc Corp.: Sully Project Exploration Update
9:01 a.m. May 8, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp.: Sully Project Geophysical, Permitting and Drilling Update
12:38 p.m. April 20, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. "Locked-On" E1 South Target at the Sully Project
5:30 p.m. April 11, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Geophysical Update on Sully Project
8:30 a.m. March 27, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Further Updates on Sully Project
8:31 a.m. March 20, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Updates on Sully Project
8:31 a.m. March 13, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Updates on Sully Project
8:31 a.m. March 13, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces DTC Eligibility of its OTCQB-Listed Common Shares & Frankfurt Listing
9:30 a.m. March 10, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces DTC Eligibility of its OTCQB-Listed Common Shares & Frankfurt Listing
9:31 a.m. March 10, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Voluntary Pooling Agreement
9:31 a.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Voluntary Pooling Agreement
9:31 a.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Drilling Update on Sully Project
9:31 a.m. Feb. 24, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Drilling Update on Sully Project
9:30 a.m. Feb. 24, 2017
 - Marketwired




 RepliCel Appoints Corporate Executive, Hugh Rogers to its Board of Directors
7:00 a.m. Feb. 3, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Updated Gravity Modeling and Drill Target Definition
9:32 a.m. Jan. 31, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Sponsors Sullivan Core Shack Display
10:02 a.m. Jan. 12, 2017
 - Marketwired


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:37 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:36aTeamsters, state treasurers call for changes at McKesson in wake of opioid crisis
9:35aHome-price growth stays strong, and the West is still the best, Case-Shiller says
9:33aBREAKINGS&P 500 hits intraday record shortly after open 
9:33aNasdaq Composite falls less than 1%
9:32aS&P 500 hits intraday record at 2,478.56
9:32aS&P 500 up by more than 0.3%
9:32aDow Jones Industrial Average advances more than 150 points
9:31aStocks open mostly higher after batch of earnings
9:30aOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
9:30aThe shockingly subdued ‘fear index’ doesn’t mean what you think it means
9:29aInterpublic's stock pulls back sharply from 15-year high after profit and sales miss
9:26aStock market’s biggest risk is a ‘flash crash’, says ‘Flash Boys’ Katsuyama
9:26aAmazon Business customer tally tops one million in the U.S.
9:23aHere’s why Amazon, Facebook and the gang are not going to take down this market
9:20aDow. S&P 500 set to jump on bullish earnings, but Alphabet weighs on Nasdaq
9:19aSupervalu earnings miss, but revenue beats
9:17aAlphabet price target raised to $1050 from $1032 at B.Riley
9:17aDonald Trump may not want to take credit for the stock market just yet
9:16aMadison Square Garden stock price target raised to $260 from $240 at BTIG
7:00aCiti Ups the Ante in Premium Credit Card
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,645.57

+132.40
+0.62%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,397.28

-13.53
-0.21%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.05

+7.14
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Further Updates on Sully ProjectHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 23 minsS&P 5002,477.07+7.16 (+0.29%)Dow 3021,647.38+134.21 (+0.62%)Nasdaq6,397.38-13.43 (-0.21%)Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Further Updates on Sully ProjectMarketwiredMarch 20, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareVANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - Mar 20, 2017) -  Kootenay Zinc Corp. (the "Company") (CSE:ZNK)(ZNK.CN)(KTNNF)(KYH.F) is pleased to announce that its Sully project team has recently completed a structural review of a portion of drill hole SY17-11. Specifically, core recovered in the modeled position of the E1 gravity mass of the East Target was assessed. As described in previous news, the hole did not intersect an extensive mass in this position, but did intersect a number of geologically significant features with similarities to the Sullivan sedimentary environment.Oriented core was obtained while drilling that allowed structural orientations of planar features (such as bedding, cleavage, veins, faults, and dikes). The core and the feature must be reasonably intact to achieve an orientation. The data collected and logged in SY17-11, within the E1 zone of interest forms the basis for the following structural review:At hole depths corresponding to the projected E1 gravity anomaly several gouge-filled faults and broken zones are noted. The gouge zones range from 2 to 10 cm thick, some with associated core loss. However, it was noted the faults are commonly developed parallel to cleavage (dipping about 40 degrees WNW). Bedding above and below this interval is generally uniform and typically overturned; throughout the zone bedding is tightly folded and is repeatedly offset on cleavage planes. The folds appear to be symmetric, indicating a larger scale fold-flexure developed across the entire zone of interest. Movement during folding caused rocks at higher levels to be shifted east of rocks below them on reverse-type faults.Because the strata are steep to overturned, the offsets would have created gaps or fault windows and it is possible that SY17-11 passed from west of the zone of interest (and above such a fault), to east of it (below the fault). This structural possibility will continue to be evaluated as it provides an explanation that the E1 gravity anomaly is in proximity to the recently completed drill hole.Modeling and interpretation of all the new geological and geophysical data is intended to assist in determining where, and at what depth, the E1 anomaly is likely to be found. The location and orientation of the next drill hole will be based on this information. The project team is also currently completing its review and modeling of new ground MAG survey data recently collected over much of the extent of the gravity anomalies, and of fill-in gravity data in the E1 anomaly area. The results of that work will be reported shortly.About the CompanyKootenay Zinc Corp. is a mineral exploration and development company based in Vancouver, British Columbia that is presently targeting the Sully Property. The Company is focused on discovering large-scale sedimentary-exhalative ("SEDEX") deposits.The Sully Property comprises 1,375 hectares located approximately 30 kilometres east of Kimberley, B.C., and overlies rocks of similar age and origin as those which host the world-class Sullivan deposit, owned by Teck Resources Ltd. Sullivan was discovered in 1892, and is known to be one of the largest SEDEX deposits in the world. Over its 100-year lifetime, Sullivan produced approximately 150 million tonnes of ore, including approximately three hundred million ounces of silver, eight million tonnes of zinc and eight million tonnes of lead. The equivalent level of strata as at Sullivan and that formed on the margin of that same basin are present at the Sully Property. The Company cautions that past results or discoveries on proximate land are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved on the Sully Property.The scientific and technical information contained in this news release has been reviewed and approved by the Company's Project Manager, Paul Ransom, P.Geo., a "Qualified Person" as defined in National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects.On behalf of the Board of Directors,David Schmidt, President and Chief Executive OfficerForward Looking Information This news release includes certain statements that constitute "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable securities law, including without limitation, statements that address the Sully Property, comments regarding the timing and content of upcoming work programs, geological interpretations, costs and timing of future exploration and development, requirements for additional capital, other statements relating to the financial and business prospects of the Company. Forward-looking statements address future events and conditions and are necessarily based upon a number of estimates and assumptions. These statements relate to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results, estimates of amounts not yet determinable and assumptions of management. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always, using words or phrases such as "expects" or "does not expect", "is expected", "anticipates" or "does not anticipate", "plans", "estimates" or "intends", or stating that certain actions, events or results "may", "could", "would", "might" or "will" be taken, occur or be achieved), and variations of such words, and similar expressions are not statements of historical fact and may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statement are necessarily based upon a number of factors that, if untrue, could cause the actual results, performances or achievements of the Company to be materially different from future results, performances or achievements express or implied by such statements. Such statements and information are based on numerous assumptions regarding present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Company will operate in the future, including the price of zinc and other metals, anticipated costs and the ability to achieve goals. While such estimates and assumptions are considered reasonable by the management of the Company, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and regulatory uncertainties and risks.  Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual events, level of activity, performance or results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation: (i) risks related to zinc, base metal and other commodity price fluctuations; (ii) risks and uncertainties relating to the interpretation of exploration results; (iii) risks related to the inherent uncertainty of exploration and cost estimates and the potential for unexpected costs and expenses; (iv) that resource exploration and development is a speculative business; (v) that the Company may lose or abandon its property interests or may fail to receive necessary licences and permits; (vi) that environmental laws and regulations may become more onerous; (vii) that the Company may not be able to raise additional funds when necessary; (viii) the possibility that future exploration, development or mining results will not be consistent with the Company's expectations; (ix) exploration and development risks, including risks related to accidents, equipment breakdowns, labour disputes or other unanticipated difficulties with or interruptions in exploration and development; (x) competition; (xi) the potential for delays in exploration or development activities or the completion of geologic reports or studies; (xii) the uncertainty of profitability based upon the Company's history of losses; (xiii) risks related to environmental regulation and liability; (xiv) risks associated with failure to maintain community acceptance, agreements and permissions (generally referred to as "social licence"); (xv) risks relating to obtaining and maintaining all necessary government permits, approvals and authorizations relating to the continued exploration and development of the Company's projects; (xvi) risks related to the outcome of legal actions; (xvii) political and regulatory risks associated with mining and exploration; (xix) risks related to current global financial conditions; and (xx) other risks and uncertainties related to the Company's prospects, properties and business strategy. These risks, as well as others, could cause actual results and events to vary significantly. There can be no assurance that planned exploration will be completed as proposed or at all, or that economic resources will be discovered or developed at the Sully Property.  Accordingly, actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated in such statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, continued availability of capital and financing and general economic, market or business conditions, the loss of key directors, employees, advisors or consultants and fees charged by service providers. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and, accordingly are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements due to the inherent uncertainty of such statements. The forward-looking statements included in this news release are made as of the date hereof and the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as expressly required by applicable securities legislation. Neither the Canadian Securities Exchange nor its regulation services provider accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this news release.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextIowa firm tied to truck deaths has history of legal problemsAssociated PressEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredMcDonald's, GM, and Domino's — What you need to know in markets on TuesdayYahoo FinanceHere's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderParents railed against the Boy Scouts of America after Trump's campaign-style speechBusiness InsiderDoctor Reveals New Therapy That Can Cure TinnitusTinnitusterminatorSponsoredObamacare is hurting these people—and Congress is doing nothing about itYahoo FinanceFord Motor Company (F) Stock is Cheap, So Why No Buybacks?InvestorPlaceChina is crushing American tech titansYahoo Finance VideoStart Earning Miles With The Best Travel CardWise BreadSponsoredEarnings beats from McDonald's, Caterpillar pump life into stocksYahoo FinanceFirst ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ Trailer LeakedInvestorPlaceCaterpillar smashes profit estimates, raises 2017 forecast againReutersDog Gets On Bus Alone Every Day Without OwnerNews Daily FeedSponsoredUnder Armour ripped up Jordan Spieth's old contract before he won his first major and gave him a 10-year deal, and it's already paid off big timeBusiness InsiderShould You Buy Caterpillar (CAT) Ahead of Earnings?ZacksTrump jokingly threatens to fire Price if health vote failsMk: Trying to turn the scouts into Hitler's youthJoin the Conversation1 / 51.3k

















Kootenay Zinc Corp. – A Mining Stock Also For Non-Mining Stock Investors – Global Small Caps





































































 























Kootenay Zinc Corp. – A Mining Stock Also For Non-Mining Stock InvestorsHome Articles and stories Full Reports Kootenay Zinc Corp. – A Mining Stock Also For Non-Mining Stock Investors








April 20, 2017RepliCel Life Sciences, Inc. – On Verge of Biotech Breakthrough (OTCQB: REPCF) (TSX.V: RP)May 25, 2017




3




Published by

Allan Wongly


at

May 8, 2017



Categories 

Full Reports
Hot News
Uncategorized


Tags 











 





(OTCQB: KTNNF)
(CSE: ZNK)
Summary of Our Research Findings

We begin coverage of Kootenay Zinc Corp with an investment opportunity score of ‘High’, based on our investment factors: Asset, Opportunity and Team. We cover these areas in our report below.
The Company trades in the U.S. under symbol KTNNF and in Canada under ZNK.
Kootenay Zinc is a mineral exploration and development company presently targeting the Sully Project located just over 18 miles (30km) east of the world-class Sullivan Mine in British Columbia, from which more the $40 billion of zinc, lead and silver were mined for almost a decade.
Zinc was the all-star base metal during 2016 due to continued strong demand and constrained supply.
While zinc prices have come off during the first part of 2017, prices remain near historic highs with significant signs of a continuing demand/supply imbalance.
Early drill results at Sully perceived as negative by the market, caused the price of the common shares to dip. We believe investors should closely analyze all the data as a whole, as there are certainly positive indications. The work program on the property is being conducted now to prove out the asset.
We believe further drill data should become available over the next 60 to 90 days that if positive, could easily move the price of the shares significantly higher.
Investors should also note the highly experienced geological team on board, including several who were intimately involved at Sullivan, which was one of the world’s premier zinc mines.
We are eagerly awaiting results from the current drill program to better define the anomalies present at the Sully property.


Kootenay Zinc Corp. – A Mining Stock Also For Non-Mining Stock Investors
At Global Small Caps, we usually steer away from mining companies and mining stocks, especially those classified as “Junior Miners,” which are companies past the initial prospecting phase and mainly involved in assessing the value of a particular property initially identified as promising. These junior mining companies usually need to raise relatively significant amounts of capital in order to fund the geophysics, drilling, sampling, assaying, testing, and governmental/environmental permitting that are required. Once a junior mining company successfully raises the necessary capital and proves out the reserves, the entire operation is often sold, or otherwise taken over by, another mining company that actually digs the assets out of the ground.
Our cautionary view on most resource companies is based on the need for capital funding which is often found to be excessive, and the risk to be extremely high compared to other areas where risk-averse small investors, the typical readers of our reports, can place capital.
When we were introduced to Kootenay Zinc Corp., at first we were a bit hesitant. However, upon initial analysis we quickly learned that we didn’t have to be experts in the analysis of junior miners in order to understand the opportunity that is in front of the company. We think there is a very interesting opportunity relative to the company that is rather simple to understand for both the experienced mining operation investor and those who are less versed in the intricacies of the sector.
We are intrigued by the significant similarities of the company’s Sully project, which management is working to develop, when compared to the once highly lucrative Sullivan mine, which is only 18 miles away. While drilling data thus far have not proven the extent of the mineralization, the results have not been completely disappointing as it appears the initial work program not only pointed to similar geological features as Sullivan, but also provided the company with valuable information to further its drilling efforts.
Also, very interesting are the prospects for Kootenay relative to the overall market dynamics of the zinc market. Analysts who in 2014 predicted supply constraints with continued strong demand were right on target. While zinc prices dipped in 2015, zinc led the basic metals market very significantly in 2016. The fundamentals of the zinc market appear to be very sound, and while more supply is already coming online, prices remain near long-term highs. We believe that even with a continuation of zinc price drops that have been seen thus far in 2017, the overall market dynamics for the metal appears to be strong, especially considering the often-forecasted reduction in Chinese GDP has failed to materialize.
It’s also exciting to see such an experienced advisory and scientific team on board. Several of the members are leaders in the mining industry and all have significant experience. Noteworthy, in our opinion, is that several team members have specific experience at Sullivan and with its geology. Simply put, we believe a junior mining operation oriented toward zinc would have a difficult time finding a more experienced team.
The Product – Zinc
Zinc is one of the major “base metals” along with copper, aluminum, steel, tin and lead. These metals are vital to virtually every economy throughout the world, as all are major inputs used in manufacturing, construction and production. Zinc is vitally important to most of our lives, although most consumers and investors likely hear a lot less about zinc compared to the other base metals.
Exhibit One – Zinc in its Raw Form

Source: U.S. Department of the Interior
As is outlined in Exhibit Two, the most important use of zinc is as an additive or coating to resist corrosion of other metals. The process of galvanizing metals to prevent corrosion is heavily reliant on zinc and plays an important part in most construction and transportation related industries. While more than half of all mined zinc is used in galvanizing, there are many other industrial processes that rely on the metal. These include die-casting, the production of brass, which is a combination of zinc and copper, and as an additive to paints and fertilizers.
Exhibit Two – Major Uses of Zinc
 
Source: ILZSG
The Recent Zinc Market – A Hotbed of Activity 
In early 2014, one of the hot topics in the metals market was the looming shortage of zinc. The investment premise at that time was that a constrained supply combined with growing demand would result in shortages and significantly rising prices.
In fact, while demand remained strong in 2014, supply was constrained with several large zinc mine closures, including the mega Century mining operation in Australia.   By mid-2014, zinc was at a three-year high and demand was such that the amount of zinc being pulled out of the ground began to lag demand.
By the first quarter of 2015, the prediction made one year previously came to fruition. The predicted shortage began to materialize as the effects of the Australian mines closures hit the supply chain and as several Irish mines made final shipments and closed operations. By mid-2015 the metals analysts continued their optimistic forecasts for zinc predicting further supply/demand imbalances to continue for at least several more years.
While the analysts correctly predicted the constrained supply, they didn’t necessarily get it right relative to pricing. Much of the anticipated rally in zinc prices failed to materialize during 2015 as demand from many critical zinc-dependent industries lagged.
Exhibit Three – Zinc Prices in 2015 – Supply Constrained, but Prices Fall as Demand Lags
 
Source: Kitcometals.com
While zinc prices plummeted for almost the entire last nine months of 2015, as is outlined in Exhibit Three, at the beginning of 2016 there was a rapid turnaround in the zinc market. Weakness in the U.S. dollar caused a rally in virtually the entire metals sector. While several other metals were not able to sustain the rally, the situation relative to zinc was very different.
As the supply situation grew even tighter, pent-up demand from major industries in India and China hit the limited supply, which resulted in significantly higher prices. As outlined in Exhibit Four, the surge during November 2016 was particularly pronounced with prices by the end of that month gaining 50% over the January 1, 2016 price.
By the end of 2016, with prices up 60% on the year, it became obvious that many of the analyst predictions of constrained supply and robust demand that had they made two years earlier were right on the money.
The period of January 1, 2017 through the end of April 2017 saw an additional 32% jump in the spot price of zinc.
Exhibit Four – The Zinc Rally of 2016 Lead the Basic Metals Markets

Source: London Metals Market
While zinc prices have pulled back from the lofty levels of January 2017, many believe the supply/demand imbalance will continue for the foreseeable future. Much of the decline in early 2017 had nothing to do with the actual supply/demand situation, but was attributable to concerns that the booming price would attract more supply onto the marketplace. While there had been many mine closures during the previous three-year period, several major mining operations were still operating below theoretical capacity. Additionally, during of the first quarter of 2017, there has been significant discussion about the strength of industries that are major consumers of zinc.
Long-term demand for the metal still seems robust in many people’s opinion. With the infrastructure and construction markets taking up over 60% of zinc’s demand, the strength of futures and spot prices are closely correlated to GDP growth. While early in 2017 there were many concerns relative to potential weakness in Chinese GDP growth, weakness certainly did not materialize with GDP at nearly 7% for the March 2017 quarter, the fastest pace for the Chinese economy in more than two years.
For the full year 2016, there was a significant demand versus supply deficit, with several analysts indicating that nearly 300,000 metric tons of zinc was consumed in excess of what was mined, as is shown on Exhibit Five. As is explained above, this was primarily attributable to the closure of several major mining operations.
The price for the rest of 2017, of course, is anyone’s guess. There appears to be some credence to the theory that the strong rally in zinc prices that was related to the supply/demand imbalance may be coming to an end. Several mining operations that had been shut down due to low prices in 2015 are currently the process of restarting as prices moved well above the recent historic averages.
While this increased supply may temper future price rallies, it is generally thought these expanded operations will not be able to bring significant supplies to the market for at least several more years. Therefore, while the sharp price increases in zinc may be over for now, prices are still at very attractive levels on a historic basis.
Exhibit Five – Zinc Production Lags Usage During 2016

Source: Alcline Metals Forecasting, LLC
Kootenay’s Opportunity
As discussed above, zinc prices remain high relative to historic levels as a result of continued strong demand at a time when supplies are being constrained. The demand versus supply imbalance is creating significant opportunities for mining operators that either increase production levels of current operations or bring new resources to the marketplace.
While it is certainly clear that mine operators who had curtailed operations during the price slumps of 2015 are in the process of bringing back online some of the shuttered capacity, there are other companies that are seeking to develop entirely new sources of zinc.
Kootenay Zinc Inc. is one such company. Kootenay is an exploration stage company based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada that has its eyes on developing what could be one of the largest zinc mining opportunities seen in a long time.
Mineral and metal prospectors look for specific geological formations in order to predict the best locations to explore. For example, one positive sign that gold exists within a geographic formation is the presence of quartz. Therefore, prospectors and geologists search for quartz reef formations as a sign the area may present opportunities for gold mining.
There are also specific geographic formations that point to significant deposits of zinc. Sedimentary Exhaustive Deposits, called SEDEX deposits, are by far the most important geographic formations pointing to significant deposits of zinc and lead, and to a lesser extent silver, gold, copper and tungsten.
The geology of SEDEX formations is significantly outside the scope of this report. Simply put, such formations and deposits form due to a very specific set of geological events occurring over long periods of time. The earth is divided into many different tectonic plates, which are constantly shifting. The source of growth for these tectonic plates occurs deep within the oceans along mid-oceanic ridges, which are somewhat like underwater mountain ranges. As material moves up from the lower layers of the earth through these mid-ocean ridges, the materials are mixed with ocean water. These materials, which include metals such as zinc, when combined with sea water undergo various changes and eventually settle into sedimentary formations, which geologists have named Sedimentary Exhalative Deposits, or SEDEX. Any discussion of zinc prospecting and mining needs to take into consideration SEDEX formations, as such deposits are responsible for more than half of the world’s zinc and lead deposits.
To summarize, if you want to find zinc or lead within the Earth’s crust, a SEDEX deposit is a great place to start. There are of course two options here – the first is to find a new SEDEX deposit. The second is to search for zinc or lead within proximity to an existing SEDEX deposit.
Kootenay is doing the latter.
While geologists have found more than 25 significant SEDEX deposits worldwide, the three largest are located in Australia, the United States, and Canada. Some of these are noted in Exhibit Six. Notice the Sullivan formation is noted as one of the world’s largest, where Kootenay Zinc is exploring 18 miles away.
Exhibit Six – Largest SedEx Formations On Earth Include the Sullivan Formation

Source: Mining Today Newsletter, LLC
Mt. Isa, in Australia, is easily the largest accumulation of zinc, lead and silver in the world. The general area has five gigantic SedEx deposits, which have been mined for billions of dollars of these commodities. Arguably, the second-largest deposit is called Red Dog, which is located in Alaska. That site alone produces approximately 6% of all worldwide zinc.
Also of significant size, and particularly germane to the Kootenay Zinc story, is the Sullivan Deposit, which is located in British Columbia, Canada. Prospectors discovered the deposit in 1892 and it was quickly put into service. Sullivan has produced over 17 million tons of zinc, lead and a significant amount of silver. It is estimated the value of the zinc, lead and silver mined at Sullivan is worth more than $40 billion.
The zinc, lead, and silver that was deposited at Sullivan was the result of a unique SEDEX deposit that formed hundreds of millions of years ago in the Aldridge and Selwyn ancient sea basins. After more than 92 years of active production, the Sullivan mine was closed in 2001.
In close proximity to Fort Steele, British Columbia, Canada and approximately 18 miles (30 km) to the east of the Sullivan Mine is the Sully Project, which is being developed by Kootenay Zinc. While there are relatively good odds that the SEDEX deposit extends from the site of the former Sullivan mine for 18 miles to the company’s Sully Project, significant drill work and research needs to be completed to prove out the geological theory.
In fact, there are many geological similarities between Sully and Sullivan. For example, several of the geographic formations are of the same type at both locations and research indicates that the formations at Sully were formed at the exact time, hundreds of millions of years ago, as when the formations were formed at Sullivan. These facts do not prove significant zinc/lead deposits, as additional work must be performed in order to provide more conclusive evidence.
While the intricacies of gravitational and other geological testing techniques are outside the scope of this report, there have been various such tests performed at Sully that compare very favorably to the exact measurement results performed on the Sullivan site. These tests involve complex analysis of gravitational and magnetic abnormalities at both locations, the results of which lead geologists and the management team of Kootenay to believe the SEDEX deposit may extend all the way to the Sully site, indicating at the very least, two large undetermined anomalies present on the property.
But, of course, the data described above, while quite sophisticated, only indicate the likelihood or the possibility of a significant deposit of zinc and lead. In order to prove the existence, the company must continue its drilling program at the site to pull up core samples, which are then tested for the existence of mineralization.
At the beginning of January 2017, the Company updated investors on the latest gravitational model for the Sully project. Based on this updated model and information obtained from test drilling during November of 2016, the Company announced that the drilling program would be expanded.
In mid-March of this year, the Company announced it had completed drill hole SY-17-11, but the test “…did not intersect an extensive high density mass, but did intersect a number of geologically significant features with similarities to the Sullivan sedimentary environment.” This means they did not find evidence of a significant deposit, but what they did pull up further indicated that the geological features of the Sully site are in fact very similar to those of the very lucrative Sullivan mine site. Basically, not great news, because they did not find exactly what they were looking for – but nevertheless it offers hope that they are near the right location.
The Company, at the end of March, announced it had reviewed additional gravitational data relating to the Sully site that further validates their belief in the potential for a significant deposit at Sully. Management indicates this information will be used to further refine the drilling strategy. The Company also indicated that the drilling program would resume in late April of 2017.
As of early May 2017, publication date of this report, management and the Company’s investors are now eagerly awaiting commencement of drilling at the SY17-10/11 site in order to prove that the gravity related tests performed earlier are in fact assisting the geological team to zero in on the anomalies present.
The Kootenay Team
We are intrigued by the team Kootenay Zinc has put together to manage the development of the Sully Project.
It is almost an understatement to indicate that the team is highly experienced, having worked at some of the world’s most significant mining operations. Additionally, on board is a technical team that has very strong expertise, including specific experience at Sullivan.
Some of these players include:
Stuart (Tookie) Angus
Mr. Angus is one of the most experienced business advisors to the mining industry. He is the former chairman of the board of B.C. Sugar Refinery Ltd. and he was a director of First Quantum Minerals until June 2005. He was also a director of Canico Resources Corp. until its takeover by CVRD in 2005, and a director of Bema Gold until its takeover by Kinross Gold in 2007.
More recently, he was managing director of mergers and acquisitions for Endeavour Financial, a director of Ventana Gold until its takeover by AUX Canada Acquisition in 2011, and a director of Plutonic Power until its merger with Magma Energy in 2011. He is presently chairman of Nevsun Resources Ltd., which operates one of the highest-grade open-pit copper mines in the world. He is also the current chairman of K92 Mining Inc.
Jonathan Rubinstein
Jonathan Rubinstein is the chairman of Mag Silver Corporation and is vice president of Andagan resources Corporation. We believe it’s significant that he was also one of the founders of Canico Resources Corporation where he acquired and developed the Onca Puma nickel deposit in Brazil. He brings significant management and corporate finance experience to the team.
Peter Meredith
The Company has also managed to add Peter Meredith to its advisory board. Meredith has been a director of Ivanhoe Mines Ltd. (formerly, Ivan plats Limited) since May 1998. Mr. Meredith is the former Deputy Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Ivanhoe Mines Ltd. (now Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd.), where he was involved in overseeing Ivanhoe Mines Ltd.’s business development and corporate relations. Mr. Meredith was member of the board of directors of Ivanhoe Mines Ltd. and also served as its Chief Financial Officer from May 2004 to May 2006, and from June 1999 to November 2001, and as its Deputy Chairman from May 2006 to April 2012. Mr. Meredith was also Chairman of SouthGobi Resources Ltd. until September 2012.
Paul Ransom, P.GEO, Sully Project Manager
We believe a significant addition to the technical team is Paul Ransom, due to his specific experience and knowledge of the Sullivan deposit. Mr. Ransom is a geologist and noted Sullivan SEDEX deposit expert, having worked for over 33 years with Cominco (now Teck Resources Limited) at the Sullivan Mine and on related regional geology. Mr. Ransom has authored and/or co-authored ten papers on geology of the Sullivan deposit. Mr. Ransom also spent 1.5 years as a project geologist under secondment to Mt. Isa Mines in Australia, another large-scale copper, lead, zinc and silver mine. Mr. Ransom has worked extensively in the Kootenay region of B.C., including managing drilling at Sullivan Deeps, but has also worked in the Yukon and Northwest Territories. Mr. Ransom’s passion for finding other mega-SEDEX deposits has been a career-long pursuit.
Dr. David Broughton, PhD GEO, Senior Technical Advisor
Dr. David Broughton joined Ivanhoe Mines in January 2008 and has overseen Ivanhoe Mines’ discovery of two major mineral deposits, Kamoa in the DRC and the Flatreef in South Africa.
Dr. Broughton is recognized as an expert in sediment-hosted copper deposits, and has been a key participant in several discoveries and successful development projects: (DRC), Namibia, China, United States, Canada and Poland. He was co-leader of the Kamoa discovery team that is the 2015 recipient of the Prospectors & Developers Association of Canada’s (PDAC) prestigious Thayer Lindsley Award. This award, honouring the memory of one of Canada’s greatest mine finders, recognizes an individual or a team of explorationists credited with a recent significant mineral discovery.
Conclusions
Investment in Kootenay is certainly not without significant risk, but we are intrigued by the opportunity. Over the past two years, zinc has clearly been the all-star base metal. While prices have come back somewhat over the past few months, we are still near all-time historic highs. The Chinese and Indian economies remain very strong and both remain strong consumers of zinc. While the near-record prices seen during 2016 encouraged several operators to bring back idled capacity, it is not clear at this time how much of the demand/supply imbalance these players will be able to address. Overall, it appears that the market for zinc will remain robust for at least the next few years.
While some may characterize recent announcements of less than perfect drilling results as significant negatives, such results are common for junior miners and should be taken in stride based on the overall set of Company dynamics. The close proximity to Sullivan, the intriguing gravitational data and the limited encouraging information from the drilling all continue to point to strong potential at Sully.
While, of course, the significance of the overall strength of the Kootenay team will have no bearing on whether or not there is zinc and lead in the ground, we can nevertheless not avoid being enthusiastic by having such a world-class entrepreneurial-oriented mining team on board for this journey.
With the price of the common shares down on what was perceived as negative drilling results, but with otherwise strong data that could follow, we see an opportunity for risk-adverse investors to consider purchasing the shares.
Certainly, this is a speculative story worth monitoring moving forward and we without a doubt will be watching for positive news over the coming weeks and months.
 
 
Disclosures
We do not own these shares and have no plans to acquire, purchase, sell, trade or transfer these shares in any manner.
We have no association with anyone, or any group, with any plan to acquire, purchase, sell, trade or transfer these shares.
Any opinions we may offer about the Company are solely our own, and are made in reliance upon our rights under the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, and are provided solely for the general opinionated discussion of our readers. Our opinions should not be considered to be complete, precise, accurate, or current investment advice. Such information and the opinions expressed are subject to change without notice. Separate from the factual content of our articles about the Company, we may from time to time include our own opinions about the Company, its business, markets and opportunities.
The information used and statements of fact made have been obtained from sources considered reliable but we neither guarantee nor represent the completeness or accuracy. We did not make an independent investigation or inquiry as to the accuracy of any information published by the Company, or other firms. The author relied solely upon information published by the Company through its filings, press releases, presentations, and through its own internal due diligence for accuracy and completeness. Statements herein may contain forward-looking statements and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties affecting results.
This report or article is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed. This publication does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation, or particular needs of any particular person. This publication does not provide all information material to an investor’s decision about whether or not to make any investment. Any discussion of risks in this presentation is not a disclosure of all risks or a complete discussion of the risks mentioned. We are not registered as a securities broker-dealer or an investment adviser with FINRA, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or with any state securities regulatory authority.
ALL INFORMATION IN THIS REPORT IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR TIMELINESS OF THIS INFORMATION, OR FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES THAT MAY ARISE OUT OF THE USE OF THIS INFORMATION BY YOU OR ANYONE ELSE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF OPPORTUNITIES, TRADING LOSSES, AND DAMAGES THAT MAY RESULT FROM ANY INACCURACY OR INCOMPLETENESS OF THIS INFORMATION). TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, TWO TRIANGLE CONSULTING GROUP, LLC WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE UNDER ANY TORT, CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, PRODUCTS LIABILITY, OR OTHER THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THIS PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION.
Information, opinions, or recommendations contained in this report are submitted solely for informational purposes. The information used in statements of fact made has been obtained from sources considered reliable, but we neither guarantee nor represent their completeness or accuracy. Such information and the opinions expressed are subject to change without notice. This research report is not intended as an offering or a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed. The firm, its principles, or the assigned analyst may or may not own or trade shares, options, or warrants of this covered Company. We have received compensation of $2,500 to cover our distribution and production of this report. If additional compensation is received, future versions of the report will be updated to reflect this compensation.   Globe Small Cap Research, has not in the past received compensation for the production of previous reports. The party responsible for the production of this report owns no common stock and/or warrants in the subject Company, in any way, shape, or form. The views expressed in this research Company report accurately reflect the analyst’s personal views about any or all of the subject securities or issuers referred to in this Company report, and no part of the analyst’s or the firm’s compensation was, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or views expressed in this report. Opinions expressed herein reflect the opinion of Globe Small Cap Research and are subject to change without notice. We claim no responsibility to update the information contained in this report. Investors should consider the suitability of any particular investment based on their ability to accept certain levels of risk, and should not rely solely on this report for information pertaining to the Company covered. We can be contacted at info@globalmallcaps.com.












 

Allan Wongly









Related postsJune 12, 2017New Cannabis Play – Grow Condos (OTC:GRWC)Read more







Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 





 
































    KTNNF News - Kootenay Zinc Corp. Company News & Press Releases - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Kootenay Zinc Corp.

                  OTC: KTNNF
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Kootenay Zinc Corp.



Market open
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 24, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


KTNNF

/quotes/zigman/82814885/delayed


$
0.06




Change

-0.01
-14.29%

Volume
Volume 34,411
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/82814885/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.07
		


$
				0.06
			
Change

-0.01
-14.29%





Day low
Day high
$0.06
$0.07










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.06
        

            $0.59
        

















/news/latest/company/us/ktnnf

      MarketWatch News on KTNNF
    
No News currently available for KTNNF







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/ktnnf

      Other News on KTNNF
    
No News currently available for KTNNF





/news/pressrelease/company/us/ktnnf

      Press Releases on KTNNF
    




 Sully Project - E3 Target Drilling Underway
1:11 p.m. June 26, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Sully Project Exploration Update on E3
9:00 a.m. June 16, 2017
 - Marketwired




 NetworkNewsWire Announces Publication on the Bullish Outlook for Zinc and the Companies Set to Profit
8:30 a.m. May 12, 2017
 - Marketwired




 With Zinc Prices and Global Deficit on the Rise, Savvy Mining Companies are Poised to Profit
8:25 a.m. May 11, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Kootenay Zinc Corp.: Sully Project Exploration Update
9:01 a.m. May 8, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp.: Sully Project Geophysical, Permitting and Drilling Update
12:38 p.m. April 20, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. "Locked-On" E1 South Target at the Sully Project
5:30 p.m. April 11, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Geophysical Update on Sully Project
8:30 a.m. March 27, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Further Updates on Sully Project
8:31 a.m. March 20, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Updates on Sully Project
8:31 a.m. March 13, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Updates on Sully Project
8:31 a.m. March 13, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces DTC Eligibility of its OTCQB-Listed Common Shares & Frankfurt Listing
9:30 a.m. March 10, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces DTC Eligibility of its OTCQB-Listed Common Shares & Frankfurt Listing
9:31 a.m. March 10, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Voluntary Pooling Agreement
9:31 a.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Voluntary Pooling Agreement
9:31 a.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Drilling Update on Sully Project
9:31 a.m. Feb. 24, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Announces Drilling Update on Sully Project
9:30 a.m. Feb. 24, 2017
 - Marketwired




 RepliCel Appoints Corporate Executive, Hugh Rogers to its Board of Directors
7:00 a.m. Feb. 3, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Updated Gravity Modeling and Drill Target Definition
9:32 a.m. Jan. 31, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Kootenay Zinc Corp. Sponsors Sullivan Core Shack Display
10:02 a.m. Jan. 12, 2017
 - Marketwired


Loading more headlines...


















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:37 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:36aTeamsters, state treasurers call for changes at McKesson in wake of opioid crisis
9:35aHome-price growth stays strong, and the West is still the best, Case-Shiller says
9:33aBREAKINGS&P 500 hits intraday record shortly after open 
9:33aNasdaq Composite falls less than 1%
9:32aS&P 500 hits intraday record at 2,478.56
9:32aS&P 500 up by more than 0.3%
9:32aDow Jones Industrial Average advances more than 150 points
9:31aStocks open mostly higher after batch of earnings
9:30aOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
9:30aThe shockingly subdued ‘fear index’ doesn’t mean what you think it means
9:29aInterpublic's stock pulls back sharply from 15-year high after profit and sales miss
9:26aStock market’s biggest risk is a ‘flash crash’, says ‘Flash Boys’ Katsuyama
9:26aAmazon Business customer tally tops one million in the U.S.
9:23aHere’s why Amazon, Facebook and the gang are not going to take down this market
9:20aDow. S&P 500 set to jump on bullish earnings, but Alphabet weighs on Nasdaq
9:19aSupervalu earnings miss, but revenue beats
9:17aAlphabet price target raised to $1050 from $1032 at B.Riley
9:17aDonald Trump may not want to take credit for the stock market just yet
9:16aMadison Square Garden stock price target raised to $260 from $240 at BTIG
7:00aCiti Ups the Ante in Premium Credit Card
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,646.81

+133.64
+0.62%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,397.03

-13.78
-0.21%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.02

+7.11
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Amazon.com: kootenay







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






























































































1-16 of 1,586 results for "kootenay"




Sort by 
Relevance
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Newest Arrivals












KEEN Kootenay Winter Boot (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid)by Keen
$
21
99-$
79
95

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersSome sizes/colors are Prime eligible
4.5 out of 5 stars
544KEEN Kids' Kootenay WPby KEEN
$
29
99-$
75
00

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersSome sizes/colors are Prime eligible
4.5 out of 5 stars
117Kootenay National Park : Waterproof Trail Map and Guide in OneMay 1, 2016by Gem Trek PublishingMap
$
13
95

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 3 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$13.95(2 used &amp new offers)Keen Kids' Kootenay-cby Keen
$
38
97-$
70
00

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersSome sizes/colors are Prime eligible
4.2 out of 5 stars
73Product Description... and-tumble package with the Kootenay boot from KEEN. A hook and ...









Round KOOTENAY National Park Sticker (travel rv hike bc canada)by American Vinyl
$
4
99

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersKEEN Kids' Kootenay Wp-tby KEEN
$
47
96-$
69
95

Click to see pricePrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersSome sizes/colors are Prime eligible
3.5 out of 5 stars
2Baffin Men's Kootenay Insulated Active Winter Bootby Baffin
$
86
47-$
195
00

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersSome sizes/colors are Prime eligible
4.2 out of 5 stars
17Product Description... FEATURES of the Baffin Men's Kootenay Boot Temperature Rating: 5° C/41 ...Keen Kids' Kootenay Wp-t Lace-up Bootby Keen
$
19
99-$
42
36

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersSome sizes/colors are Prime eligible
3.9 out of 5 stars
2The Canadian Rockies: Yoho & Kootenay National ParksJun 11, 2010by Brenda KollerKindle Edition
$
6
15

Kootenay SerenadeMay 1, 2004by peter bodleyStreamingListen with UnlimitedListen to any song, anywhere with Amazon Music Unlimited. Learn more MP3 Music$0.99 to buy the MP3 songAvailable for download now.Petzl KOOTENAY pulley P67by Petzl
$
189
95

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$189.95(3 new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
1Tense Kootenay - Model G8300DS (G8300DS)by Tense-Kootenay
$
141
75

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 1 left in stock - order soon.The Canadian Rockies, Banff,Jasper Yoho and Kootenay National parks1998VHS Tape
$
29
95

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 1 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$4.77(7 used &amp new offers)Runtime:1 hrKootenay Cross Coffee(454 Brand: Neal Brothersby Neal Brothers
$
17
90

Art Silk Fabric Cloth Rolled Wall Poster Print - Rivers of canada Parks Landscape Daisies Mountains Vermilion kootenay Nature - (Size:42x24 Inches)by SHADENOV
$
16
99

$28.99+ $4.99 shippingMaplelea's Kootenay the Dog Plush Set for 18 Inch Dollsby Maplelea
$
20
00

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 6 left in stock - order soon.Manufacturer recommended age: 6 Years and up












 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
20
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results forGirls' FashionGirls' BootsBoys' FashionBoys' ShoesBoys' BootsBooksGeneral Canada Travel BooksBritish Columbia Travel GuidesNative American HistoryTravelUnited States HistoryU.S. State & Local HistoryFolklore & Mythology StudiesGeneral Travel ReferenceAtlases & MapsKindle StoreWestern United States HistoryNative American HistoryHome & KitchenCell Phones & AccessoriesCollectibles & Fine ArtDigital MusicClothing, Shoes & JewelryToys & GamesSports & OutdoorsTools & Home ImprovementOffice ProductsCDs & VinylEverything ElseArts, Crafts & SewingMovies & TVPatio, Lawn & GardenAutomotive Parts & AccessoriesIndustrial & ScientificElectronicsGrocery & Gourmet FoodHandmadeHealth, Household & Baby CareSee All 24 DepartmentsRefine byDelivery DayGet It TodayGet It by TomorrowAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonBrandKeenBaffinPetzlAllen CompanyRock ExoticaLevel SixAmerican VinylLong Lake LifestyleJewelmakeAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionNewUsed












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates































Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 





















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started































 

Simplify your life with Amazon PrimeWhere savings happen and entertainment lives. 







Start your 30-day Prime free trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $10.99/month.  Cancel anytime.
                    
                              See more plans  ›


Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    










v
























