


Fred  Kornberg - Syosset, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Fred  Kornberg in Syosset, NY


Fred  Kornberg

                                                                           Intelius found that Fred  Kornberg  is  a male between 80 and 90 years old from Syosset, NY.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Fred C Kornberg


Get Report Now

Age

Fred  Kornberg is in his 80s

Fred Has Lived In

Syosset, NY
Pompano Beach, FL
Chicago, IL

Fred's Relatives

Karl Kornberg
Tara Kornberg
Barrie Kornberg
Rowena Kornberg







Fred  Kornberg



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
President at Comtech Telecommunications Corp



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Fred? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Fred, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Fred  Kornberg
Get a Criminal Check on Fred  Kornberg
Get a Public Record Report on Fred  Kornberg
Get a People Search Report on Fred  Kornberg


Fred  Kornberg's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Fred  Kornberg has lived as well as Fred  Kornberg's phone numbers and email addresses.




Fred  Kornberg Has Lived in 3 States
New York Address for Fred  Kornberg


17 P******* C* 

Syosset, NY


Has Lived In

Syosset, NY
Pompano Beach, FL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Fred  Kornberg

(516) ***-**** - Syosset, NY 
(631) ***-**** - Melville, NY 
(631) ***-**** - Melville, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Fred  Kornberg

f**********g@***.net
f********1@***.com
f********g@***.com


Get Email Report




Fred  Kornberg's Professional Information
Information regarding Fred  Kornberg's professional history.  Find out previous places Fred  Kornberg has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Fred  Kornberg Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: Comtech Telecommunications Corp
               Title: President
Company: Comtech Telecommunications Corp
               Title: Chairman
Fred  Kornberg's Experience
Title: President
               Company: Comtech Telecommunications Corp
Job Details
               Comtech Telecommunications Corp. designs, develops, produces and markets innovative products, systems and services for advanced communications solutions. The Company sells products to a diverse customer base in the global commercial and government communications markets. The Company believes it is a leader in most of the market segments that it serves.
Title: Chairman
               Company: Comtech Telecommunications Corp
Job Details
               Company Size: $250 mil to less than $500 mil - Employee Range: 500 to less than 1,000
Additional Professional Information on Fred  Kornberg

 See Fred  Kornberg's LinkedIn Profile



Fred  Kornberg's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Fred  Kornberg


Fred  Kornberg's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Fred  Kornberg's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Fred Kornberg
Username Matches

                  FredKornberg
                  KornbergFred
                  Fred.Kornberg
                  Kornberg.Fred
                  Fred_Kornberg
                  Kornberg_Fred
                  Fred-Kornberg
                  Kornberg-Fred
                  FKornberg
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
F Kornberg







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.



















 Comtech Telecommunications' (CMTL) CEO Fred Kornberg on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help



















AdChoices




 

 Comtech Telecommunications' (CMTL) CEO Fred Kornberg on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript












Seeking Alpha



SA Transcripts

6/8/2017






SHARE




SHARE




TWEET




SHARE




EMAIL















6 stocks that have raised their dividends for 60 straight years or more









America's 50 worst cities to live in






Comtech Telecommunications Corp. (CMTL)











Quotes in the article 






Comtech Telecommunications Corp
CMTL



▼

18.08




-0.23
-1.26%









Q3 2017 Earnings Conference CallJune 08, 2017 08:30 A.M. ETExecutivesMaria Ceriello - IRFred Kornberg - President and CEOMichael Porcelain - SVP and CFOMichael Galletti - COO 





6 Cash Back Credit Cards That Payoff Big


Are You Eligible?


 Sponsored by CompareCards



AnalystsStanley Kovler - Citi ResearchMichael Latimore - Northland Capital© Provided by Seeking Alpha
 Earnings Call Transcripts
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies & CompanyGlen Mattson - Ladenburg ThalmannPresentationOperatorLadies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Comtech Telecommunication Corp's Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, June 8, 2017. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Maria Ceriello of Comtech Telecommunications. Please go ahead, ma'am.Maria CerielloThank you and good morning. Welcome to the Comtech Telecommunications Corp Conference Call for the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. With us on the call this morning are Fred Kornberg, Chief Executive Officer and President of Comtech; Michael D. Porcelain, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Galletti, our Chief Operating Officer.Before we proceed, I need to remind you of the company's Safe Harbor language. Certain information presented in this call will include, but not be limited to, information relating to the future performance and financial condition of the Company, the company's plans, objectives and business outlook, and the plans, objectives and business outlook of the company's management. The company's assumptions regarding such performance, business outlook, and plans are forward-looking in nature and involve certain significant risks and uncertainties, including among others the risks that Comtech's and TCS's businesses will not be integrated successfully.Actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking information. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by cautionary statements contained in the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. I am pleased now to introduce the Chief Executive Officer and President of Comtech, Fred Kornberg. Fred?Fred KornbergThank you, Maria. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on this call. As announced yesterday afternoon, we reported our third quarter results of $127.8 million in revenues and operating profit of $10.2 million and an adjusted EBITDA of $18.1 million. I am very pleased with our third quarter performance on many fronts as we march towards a strong finish to what is turning out to be a very successful year. Our adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue in the third quarter was 14.2% above our fiscal target of approximately 12%. I believe this percentage will even be higher in the fourth quarter with room for more growth down the road.In this regard we have just started our fiscal 2018 business planning process and I'm seeing positive signs across almost all aspects of our business. We continue to be focused on increasing shareholder value, being more competitive, reducing costs, and growing our revenues. Although there's still work to do I believe we're on the right path and I remain very pleased at the progress that we're making. I will tell you why I'm so optimistic about our future in a bit but, let me first turn it over to Mike Porcelain our CFO to discuss our financial results and update on legal matters and our fiscal 2017 guidance in more detail. Then I'll come back and lead it up to the questions-and-answers. Thank you. Mike?Michael PorcelainThanks Fred and good morning everyone. Consolidated net sales for Q3 were 127.8 million of which approximately 32% were generated from U.S. government end customers, 26.7% from international end customers, and 41.3% from domestic commercial end customers. Consolidated backlog as of April 30, 2017 was 461.3 million and during Q3 we achieved bookings of approximately 135.7 million, a book-to-bill ratio of 1.06 which was led by strong bookings in our Government Solutions segment which achieved a book-to-bill ratio of 1.39 for the quarter and which is clearly a significant improvement from our last quarter and which bodes well for our future.Let me provide some color on Q3 sales information by segment. Net sales in our commercial solutions segment were 79.4 million as compared to Q3 of last year which were 72 million. This represents an increase of approximately 10.3%. Sales on the commercial solutions segment approximated 62.1% of total net sales. During Q3 this segment benefited from an additional month of sales of our location and messaging based platforms and safety and security technology solutions such as wireless and next generation 911 platforms that we now offer as a result of the TCS acquisition. In addition our commercial solutions segment benefited from increased sales of traveling wave tube amplifiers driven by strong demand from the in-flight connectivity market.Our book-to-bill ratio in this segment was 0.86. This ratio was lower than the amount we achieved in Q2 primarily due to timing associated with several pending large multi-year contract awards that we are still expecting and continued softness of bookings in our satellite earth station product line. Although market conditions for our international satellite station customers are definitively improving and sales to those customers have actually increased, overall sales for a satellite earth station products have been impacted by continued softness from U.S. government customers which we attribute to ongoing political and budget uncertainty due to the presidential administration change that we mentioned in our last conference call.Although we are not expecting a significant increase in short-term sales to the U.S. government for our satellite earth station products, we are expecting overall sales and a rebound in bookings of communication technology solutions to increase from current levels. In fact we expect that the fourth quarter will be our peak quarter for satellite earth station bookings in aggregate in sales and end sales and we are expecting a large order for our traveling wave tube amplifier that are used in the in-flight connectivity market. In addition we are anticipating that our fourth quarter will also benefit from an increase in orders for our Heights satellite earth station products now that it is available.Our commercial solutions segment could really have a better fourth quarter of bookings. We are in late stage contract negotiations for several large multi-year contracts for our safety and security and enterprise technology solutions and we are awaiting a decision by a domestic state to announce a large nine next generation 911 award.Turning to our government solutions segment, despite an additional month of TCS legacy government revenues from field support, space components, and cyber training solutions that we now offer as a result of the TCS acquisition, net sales were 48.4 million as compared to Q3 of last year which were 52.2 million, this represents a decrease of approximately 7.3%. Sales in this segment represented approximately 37.9% of total net sales. The period over -- the period over period decrease primarily reflects the impact of the implementation of our tactical shift in strategy focusing on contracts that have more profitability. Sales of Comtech's legacy products which include over the horizon microwave system products, high powered broadband amplifiers, and blue force tracking, sustain and support services were higher than Q3 of last year. As a reminder this quarter includes only 1.7 million of BFT-1 intellectual property license fees and going forward we will not charge this fee to the U.S. Army going forward.Our book-to-bill ratio during Q3 in this segment as I mentioned was 1.39 and reflects the receipt of several important orders including a $23.8 million order from a Japanese Space Agency, initial funding of 3.5 million pursuant to a new 42.7 million five year contract to provide the U.S. Army with continued BFT-1 sustainment support and an initial order pursuant to a new $4.2 million firm fixed price IDIQ contract to provide BFT-1 aviation transceivers to the defense logistic agency. These BFT contracts were important strategic wins. As Fred will discuss we are starting to see the benefits of our tactical change in this segment and continued focus on the U.S. Army. Looking forward to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, net sales in our government solutions segment are expected to be significantly higher than our most recent quarter. Now let me give you some color on our operating metrics. Our gross profit in Q3 was 41.1% which is similar to the percentage we achieved in Q3 of last year and higher than our Q2 percentage. Looking to Q4, we do expect our consolidated gross profit percentage to be slightly lower than the level we achieved in Q3 most of which is driven by the absence of the intellectual property licensing fee as well as other product mix changes.On the operating expense side SG&A expenses were 25.9 million in Q3 of fiscal 2017 or 20.3% of consolidated sales. The 25.9 million reflects a significant reduction as compared to the 31 million we had in Q2. During the quarter we benefited from a recovery of legal expenses and cost reduction actions previously initiated. Looking to Q4 and given our expectations of sales growth, we do expect that SG&A expenses in dollars as well as a percentage will increase in Q4 from the level we just achieved.Research and development expenses were 13 million in Q3 of 2017 or 10.2% of consolidated net sales and was comprised of 10.7 million of spending in the commercial segment, 2.2 million in the government segment with the rest constituting amortization of stock based compensation that is not allocated to our two operating segments. Total stock based compensation expense which is recorded and allocated as I mentioned was 1 million for the third quarter of fiscal 2017. We expect amortization of stock based compensation for the year to range from 6 million to 8 million. The final amount of stock based compensation will be dependent upon the final allocation of incentive compensation and our final stock price and our final fiscal 2017 performance. Amortization of intangibles was 5.5 million in Q3 of fiscal 2017. On a GAAP basis our consolidated operating income was 10.2 million in Q3 of fiscal 2017. Our adjusted EBITDA which excludes a $2 million favorable legal settlement that I will discuss in a bit was 18.1 million or 14.2% of consolidated net sales. Adjusted EBITDA on our commercial solutions segment was 15.5 million or 19.5% of related set sales. In the government solutions segment it was 3.1 million or 6.4% of related net sales. Given our overall sales and spending plans for the remainder of fiscal 2017 we expect that consolidated adjusted EBITDA both in dollars and a percentage of our consolidated net sales for Q4 will be the highest of any quarter for the fiscal year. Let me now talk about taxes, interest expense, and our balance sheet. The company currently expensed that its tax rate for the year excluding discrete items will approximate 36%. Interest expense was 2.8 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 and primarily reflects interest on a secured credit facility. Our total interest expense including amortization of deferred financing costs is expected to range from 4.5% to 5.5% for the year. Our actual cash borrowing rates which excludes the amortization of deferred financing fees currently approximates 4%. Adding it all up all in all it was a really terrific quarter. On the bottom line we delivered GAAP EPS $0.19 per share in Q3 and excluding a $2 million adjustment related to the litigation settlement, our EPS would have been $0.13.At April 30, 2017 we had 58.8 million of cash and cash equivalents and year-to-date we have generated cash flows from operating activities of 43.7 million of which 18.3 million occurred in Q3. Clearly this was another spectacular quarter of cash flow generation and reflects an ongoing concentrated effort across our company to better manage working capital and reduce unnecessary spending. Given our year-to-date financial performance and our strong operating cash flows we have successfully reduced the level of our total indebtedness. In fact for the nine months ended April 30, 2017 we have reduced total debt by 28.8 million of which 18.4 million occurred in Q3 alone. As of April 30, 2017 our total that excluding deferred financing costs was 235.4 million. Given our expectation that operating cash flows will continue to be strong I am pleased to say that we have entered into a First Amendment of our secured credit facility that is expected to result in increased operating and acquisition flexibility while at the same time simplifying the calculations of our financial covenants as compared to the original terms. In summary these changes provide us relief from the steep step downs required in the original net leverage ratio that more closely aligns the bank's definition of consolidated EBITDA with our own definition of adjusted EBITDA. It simplifies the financial covenant calculations and provides us increased operating and acquisition flexibility as I mentioned. For those interested in the full details I refer you to our Form 8-K filed with the SEC which contains the First Amendment in full. Although it took some time to get this amendment finalized I am pleased with the outcome. We were able to obtain this amendment from a position of strength as we were fully compliant with our covenants at the end of Q3 and would have been in compliance as of Q4 and likely 2018 prior to this change. Given our current business projections and this amendment I am comfortable that we will be able to maintain compliance with our financial covenants for the foreseeable future.Now let me update you on the TCS litigation matters that we have been working our way through throughout the year. As discussed on our last quarterly conference call we favorably resolved three different TCS legacy intellectual property matters. In connection with one of these final settlements we recorded a favorable $2 million contribution net of estimated legal fees to operating income in the third quarter. As of today we have made almost all cash payments required as part of these three settlements including making significant cash payments in Q3. As such I want to point out that our strong Q3 cash flow from operating activities reflects payments for these settlements.We still have one more case which we referred to as the vehicle IP matter and here too we have made some good progress and have good news. Vehicle IP was a TCS case that went back to 2009 and just recently on May 30, 2017 the District Court issued a supplemental claim construction order in our favor and the parties have agreed to enter into a stipulation that the defendants TCS and our customers products do not infringe the plaintiffs patent under the District Court's current revised construction of the disputed patent claim term. In very simple terms at the moment there is no infringement. Although we expect that the plaintiffs will appeal the matter, if this decision is upheld we may not have to go to trial or pay any monetary damages. At the moment the parties have agreed to postpone the July trial. As such we are not expecting any significant legal costs for this matter or related cash payments in our Q4 results. Given where we were at the beginning of the year with these four legal cases we are clearly pleased with the overall progress we have made. Finally before turning it back to Fred I would like to provide some additional comments on our fiscal 2017 guidance. First, we did update our revenue guidance to a new range of 550 million to 555 million. This is a reduction of approximately 22.5 million from the midpoint of our guidance and largely reflects our latest assessment of the impact of our tactical shift in strategy in our government solutions segment as we deemphasize pursuing large commodity type service contracts that produce little or no EBITDA margin. Our revenue guidance also reflects an updated assessment of the sales cycle related to our Heights products. As Fred will discuss in a bit we are really excited about this product line going forward but the long sales cycle that we originally expected is taking a bit longer. We also firmed up our adjusted EBITDA guidance to a range of 68 million to 70 million. We believe our 70 million goal is attainable but the ultimate amount will be partially dependent on our final product mix and the timing of a few items. From our perspective no matter how you slice it we believe our Q4 will be the strongest quarter of performance and will firm up 2017 as a solid year. As we exit the year we are pursuing a number of awards for large multimillion dollar and multi-year contracts and there is some uncertainty regarding contract awards and order timing. As such it is difficult to predict our fourth quarter book-to-bill ratio. If some of these orders are booked in the fourth quarter, our fourth quarter bookings could be almost twice the level we achieved in Q3. That said some or all of these orders may slip into fiscal 2018 but either way these orders if booked are expected to benefit fiscal 2018 financial results. Now let me turn it back to Fred who will discuss our businesses in further detail. Fred?Fred KornbergThanks Mike. As I mentioned earlier I'm really excited about the growth opportunities that lie ahead of us. Let me give you some color on what is happening in each of our segments. First, let me discuss our commercial solutions segment. Here we are a leading provider of satellite communications networks and products such as satellite modems, up and down frequency converters, and solid state and traveling wave tube power amplifiers. We're also a leading provider of public safety systems such as the next generation 911 networks and enterprise applications such as messaging and trusted location based technologies. Our commercial solutions segment is focused on several large growing markets. Our satellite base communication products participated in the satellite back haul and network services market. In the satellite modem area we continued to be the undisputed leader in single channel per carrier SCPC driven primarily by our proven ability to deliver the most bandwidth efficient modems. Our strategy in the past few years has been focused on developing and marketing our new what we call Heights network solution for use with the new high throughput satellites. Last month we announced the general availability of our new Heights dynamic network access or HDNA technologies. The height solution is intended not only to meet the demands of traditional fixed satellite, but also provide distinct advantages for those system uses considering migrating to the high throughput satellite systems. This is an entirely new market for us but one which is much larger than our traditional single channel per carrier market. Last month we also announced that three different customers have now installed and are now using Heights to support their business needs. To date customer reaction has been positive and we have a growing sales funnel of our Heights opportunities. We anticipate that we will benefit from an increase in orders for our Heights satellite earth station products in the fourth quarter. As I mentioned on our last conference call Heights has a sales cycle that is longer than our traditional SCPC products. Given the longer sales cycle as Mike mentioned, the complexity and sophistication of the Heights system and our experience since our launch of Heights we're shifting some of our initial expected Heights orders and sales to fiscal 2018. As such we now anticipate that fiscal 2018 will be the breakout year for orders and sales of Heights. Another area we continue to be excited about is the IFEC market or the in-flight satellite based connectivity market. Our solid state power amplifiers help enable commercial airlines to provide in-flight connectivity services to their passengers. This is a new and growing market for us and we believe this area will be a significant revenue contributor for Comtech in fiscal year 2018. During the past quarter we saw a continued strength for our satellite communications TWT or traveling wave tube amplifiers and received a $6.6 million contract from a U.S. military integrator to provide high power Sat Com traveling wave tube amplifiers. On the public safety side our solutions include 911 call routing for wireless, 911 routing for voice-over-Internet networks, and next generation 911 network solutions for state and local public safety operations. We have built partnerships with key system integrators such as Motorola and General Dynamics and we are actively participating in multiple RF fees responses.We believe we're seeing the benefit of our overall strategy as our pipeline is full and we're in the final contract negotiations with several large multi-year contracts for our safety and security and enterprise technology solutions. While we continue to bid on new opportunities, we continued to roll out the multi-year next generation ESI net deployment for the State of Washington. We're also continuing to deploy next generation systems in California, Tennessee, Indiana, and Florida. We believe that this market will continue to grow for many years ahead and that the current political environment will be helpful to facilitate such growth.Turning to our enterprise trusted location solution product line, here our solutions include GPS enabled software which we provide for Verizon’s navigator services which makes it easier for users to find, locate, and get directions to various points of interest. We also offer text messaging solutions and believe we are one of the leading providers of text messaging in North America. We often carry a great platforms and high performance short messaging service or SMS routing for cloud messaging centers, wireless intelligent gateways, and feature rich operated great messaging platforms.During the third quarter we received two key contracts for our enterprise technology products including a $4.5 million agreement for navigation and telematics services from a major mobile network operator in the Republic of China who will use our location studio platform in their navigation and telematics applications. And a two-year renewal agreement worth 7.3 million with a tier-one North American telecommunications company for the use of a customized location position gateway that manages all location requirements and access technologies including CDMA, GSM, LTE, and Wi-Fi. We expect this platform will be extended to include location of IoT or of internet of things devices.We’re also continuing to market products and solutions and are pleased with our customer feedback. From our newly released location studio which was recognized by the Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association or CTIA as the winner for the industrial IoT product of the year. Looking forward we expect to provide location studio enabled applications in the connected car and mobile OEM and data analytics domains.At this point let me switch to the governance markets in our government consumer solutions segment where we serve large government end users that require mission critical technologies systems. Our government solutions are primarily sold to U.S. Department of Defense agencies and primarily consist of C4 ISR or command, control, communications, computers, intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance solutions. Our solutions include satellite, line of sight, and troposcatter event terminals, management and sale of satellite bandwidth, information technology outsource services, and RFR and switching technologies. As we announced back in March we continued to implement a tactical shift in this segment strategy to focus less on commodity service contracts with more emphasis on contracts for products with higher margins. We believe that we're starting to see some early benefits of this strategy.We had a very busy third quarter in the government solutions segment. We received several key contracts. Our fourth quarter and fiscal 2018 will certainly benefit from the award of a $23.8 million contract to support the Japanese Space Exploration Agency or Japsea for the design, development, and installation of multiple launch vehicle tracking stations in the South Pacific. These stations will provide mission supports for newly developed launch vehicle technologies. We were also awarded a five year contract with a not to exceed value of 42.7 million to continue to provide the U.S. Army with BFT-1 sustainment support and received initial funding just recently of $3.5 million.We were also awarded a separate indefinite delivery and an indefinite quantity or IDIQ contract to provide BFT-1 aviation transceivers to defense logistics agency with a five year ordering period through April 2022 and a maximum value of $4.2 million. We believe that U.S. Army has a requirement for a next generation system referred to commonly BFT-3 and based on our recent developments with the U.S. Army we're becoming increasingly confident that we will be able to participate in future BFT program awards.Some of the large opportunities we see include a large multi-million dollar multi-year draft RFP which was issued in April by the D.O.D. for the supply of troposcatter communications equipment to replace hundreds of the AN Track 170 troposcatter terminals. And as you know we have been waiting for this opportunity for a long time. We have been a supplier of over the horizon troposcatter systems to the U.S. government and commercial applications for many years. We have a large, worldwide installed base of over horizon microwave systems and our systems can transmit video and broadband data at throughputs of a 50 megbits per second. I believe our field proven technologies are ideally suited to meet the government needs and we are actively pursuing this opportunity. Award is expected late calendar year 2017 or early fiscal year 2018. In addition to this large over the horizon microwave system of opportunity we are currently responding to a large multi-million dollar competitive solicitation from the U.S. Army to provide sustainment services to its AN/TSC-198 family of satellite communication systems. We are the incumbent here and we believe our customer understands the value we bring to this very successful program. Award of this sustainment contract is expected to occur sometime in the early part of fiscal 2018.Additionally on the cyber training front we continue to see interest from the D.O.D. and select national intelligence entities for our cyber training solutions. Unfortunately recent events have demonstrated that cyber threats continue to escalate. To help the D.O.D. and other customers respond, we provide a variety of cyber security training products and services. This includes our performance scoring tool which enables real time performance based training. We are also expanding this capability to interested commercial customers. All in all we see very positive signs and broad opportunities for future growth across all of our business segments.Now let's proceed to the question-and-answer period. Operator?Click here to read question and answer session






Go to MSN Home


Go to MSN Money




MSN has temporarily removed commenting on our websites while we explore better ways for you to engage in discussion on the issues you care about.












AdChoices










AdChoices












AdChoices




 
 More from Seeking Alpha








Kinder Morgan Just Started Playing Hardball


 Seeking Alpha








15 Stocks To Buy On Market Weakness - Cramer's Mad Money (6/7/17)


 Seeking Alpha








Berkshire Hathaway: Hold Or Fold?


 Seeking Alpha













                    Seeking Alpha
                


                       View the full site
                    










                Feedback
            







Found the story interesting?
Like us on Facebook to see similar stories


I'm already a fan, don't show this again






Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 



























 














 













Fred Kornberg | Comtech Telecommunications Corp | Email, President/CEO, @comtechtel.com 









































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Fred Kornberg

 Comtech Telecommunications Corp  President/CEO


Updated On : 
                    Jul 26, 2017                            

export

















68 South Service Road

Melville, NY 11747


Email format for @comtechtel.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
1000 - 4999

Revenue:  
100 - 500 Million

Industry:  
                        Services->Service Providers->Telecom/Wireless Services                    
SIC Code:  
                         3663  - Radio and T.v. Communications Equipment








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    For Comtech Telecommunications Corp email addresses with the @comtechtel.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Fred Kornberg, you may check in Comtech Telecommunications Corp's Lead411 profile. Fred Kornberg is currently the President/CEO for Comtech Telecommunications Corp. The company's CEO is Fred Kornberg. The contact information of Comtech Telecommunications Corp on Lead411 is filed under the Telecom/wireless services. Their main offices are in Melville, NY.  Some possible email formats for Fred Kornberg are FKornberg@comtechtel.com, Fred.Kornberg@comtechtel.com, Fred@comtechtel.com, and Fred_Kornberg@comtechtel.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@comtechtel.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Fred K - Other
Fred K's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in The Kirby Company's Lead411 profile and other The Kirby Company email addresses with the @kirby.com domain format.  He is part of The Kirby Company where he serves as the maintenance mechanic.  The Kirby Company's main office is set in Cleveland, OH. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Personal/household products category.  Some possible email formats for Fred K are FK@kirby.com, Fred.K@kirby.com, Fred@kirby.com, and Fred_K@kirby.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@kirby.com addresses.
Fred Kabbani - Executive
A Regional Business Development Manager at American Employer Group, Inc. based in Oak Ridge, TN, Fred Kabbani has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on American Employer Group, Inc. in our Human resources category. The company CEO is . There are email addresses on their profile and may include Fred Kabbani' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Fred Kabbani.  Some possible email formats for Fred Kabbani are FKabbani@aegpeo.com, Fred.Kabbani@aegpeo.com, Fred@aegpeo.com, and Fred_Kabbani@aegpeo.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@aegpeo.com addresses.
Fred Kachur - Finance
For Atlas Foundry Company Inc email addresses with the @atlasfdry.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Fred Kachur, you may check in Atlas Foundry Company Inc's Lead411 profile. Fred Kachur is currently the Purchasing for Atlas Foundry Company Inc. The company's CEO is . The contact information of Atlas Foundry Company Inc on Lead411 is filed under the Metals/mining. Their main offices are in Marion, IN.  Some possible email formats for Fred Kachur are FKachur@atlasfdry.com, Fred.Kachur@atlasfdry.com, Fred@atlasfdry.com, and Fred_Kachur@atlasfdry.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@atlasfdry.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Richard Burt - Executive
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Richard Burt?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Comtech Telecommunications Corp email addresses within the @comtechtel.com profile so Richard Burt's email could be included.  Richard Burt is part of the Comtech Telecommunications Corp which has its main offices in Melville, NY.  Currently holds the post of SVP/Press Comtech Systems.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Telecom/wireless services industry.  Some possible email formats for Richard Burt are RBurt@comtechtel.com, Richard.Burt@comtechtel.com, Richard@comtechtel.com, and Richard_Burt@comtechtel.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@comtechtel.com addresses.
John Branscum - Executive
Fred Kornberg is Comtech Telecommunications Corp's CEO. Their Pres Comtech Xicom/SVP is John Branscum. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Telecom/wireless services industry. If you're checking for Comtech Telecommunications Corp email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @comtechtel.com email format and possibly John Branscum's email. Comtech Telecommunications Corp is based in Melville, NY. You can also get John Branscum's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Telecom/wireless services category.  Some possible email formats for John Branscum are JBranscum@comtechtel.com, John.Branscum@comtechtel.com, John@comtechtel.com, and John_Branscum@comtechtel.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@comtechtel.com addresses.
Raymond Wendell - Executive
Trying to find Raymond Wendell's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Comtech Telecommunications Corp's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @comtechtel.com contact information.  Comtech Telecommunications Corp is an organization centered in Melville, NY, which you can find on Lead411 under the Telecom/wireless services category.  Raymond Wendell is their Sr. Product Manager - NG9-1-1.  Some possible email formats for Raymond Wendell are RWendell@comtechtel.com, Raymond.Wendell@comtechtel.com, Raymond@comtechtel.com, and Raymond_Wendell@comtechtel.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@comtechtel.com addresses.

People Directory > Fred Kornberg


























Fred Kornberg - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Fred Kornberg
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer at Comtech Telecommunications


View Full Profile
Are you Fred Kornberg? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Fred Kornberg's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Fred Kornberg's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Fred Kornberg's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Fred Kornberg through your network of contacts.
												








Fred Kornberg's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, 
Comtech Telecommunications


Past
To view Fred Kornberg's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
80

 
 


Fred Kornberg's Biography



Mr. Kornberg is CEO and President as well as Chairman of Comtech's Board of Directors. From January 2015 to January 2016, he served as Comtech's Executive Chairman, and from January 2016 until September 2016, as Chairman. He was previously CEO and President of Comtech from 1976 to 2015.



Director Qualifications



Mr. Kornberg brings to his director role deep knowledge of the Company's history, strategies, technologies and culture. His experience leading the Company's management and the depth of his knowledge of our business enable him to provide valuable leadership on complex business matters that we face on an ongoing basis. Mr. Kornberg  ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Kornberg is CEO and President as well as Chairman of Comtech's Board of Directors. From January 2015 to January 2016, he served as Comtech's Executive Chairman, and from January 2016 until September 2016, as Chairman. He was previously CEO and President of Comtech from 1976 to 2015.



Director Qualifications



Mr. Kornberg brings to his director role deep knowledge of the Company's history, strategies, technologies and culture. His experience leading the Company's management and the depth of his knowledge of our business enable him to provide valuable leadership on complex business matters that we face on an ongoing basis. Mr. Kornberg has been the driving force behind the Company's continuous efforts in technological innovation and operational excellence to achieve market leadership and generate long-term stockholder value. Mr. Kornberg has been a director of Comtech since 1971 and is currently a member of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors.
		
Source: Comtech Telecommunications on 11/21/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Fred Kornberg's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Fred Kornberg. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Fred Kornberg's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Fred Kornberg's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Fred Kornberg through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Fred Kornberg


















Fred Kornberg's Connections (24)





Sign up now to view Fred Kornberg's 24 connections »









John Branscum
Senior Vice President; President, Comtech EF Data Corp. and Xicom Technology, Inc., Comtech Telecommunications









Jerome Kapelus
Former Senior Vice President, Corporate Development, Comtech Telecommunications









Lawrence J. Waldman
Lead Independent Director, Bovie Medical Corporation









Robert G. Paul
Board Member, KEMET Corp.









Yacov A. Shamash
Board Member, Key Tronic Corporation









Robert G. Rouse
Former Senior Advisor and Senior Vice President, Strategy and Mergers and Acquisitions, Comtech Telecommunications









Edwin Kantor
Lead Independent Director, Comtech Telecommunications









J. Preston Windus
Former Senior Advisor to Comtech Mobile Datacom Corp., Comtech Telecommunications









Daniel S. Wood
Former Sr. Vice President, Comtech Telecommunications









Ira S. Kaplan
Board Member, Comtech Telecommunications








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Fred Kornberg








































Skip links Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar
Intelligence Community NewsBreaking news about the market for products, systems and services for the U.S. intelligence communityHeader Right Your source for breaking news from across the intelligence community contracting landscape, delivered daily

Main navigationFred KornbergComtech brings Col. Michael Atcheson on board as president of Command and Control Technologies
March 9, 2017 by Loren Blinde Comtech Telecommunications Corp. of Melville, NY announced on March 7 the appointment of Michael Atcheson as president of Comtech's Command and Control Technologies group. Comtech's Command and Control Technologies group is part of Comtech's Government Solutions segment, which serves large U.S. and … [Read more...] about Comtech brings Col. Michael Atcheson on board as president of Command and Control TechnologiesStanton Sloane tapped to take the reins at Comtech
December 29, 2014 by Loren Blinde Melville, NY-based Comtech Telecommunications Corp. announced on December 23 that its Board of Directors has named Dr. Stanton Sloane as Chief Executive Officer and President of Comtech. Dr. Sloane will assume these positions no later than February 1, 2015 and will succeed Fred Kornberg as CEO and … [Read more...] about Stanton Sloane tapped to take the reins at ComtechPrimary SidebarSign up for our FREE daily e-newsletter
Sign Up NowFor Email Newsletters you can trust.

Search
Search this website
Register for the GEOINT & Open Source Analytics Summit
Defense Strategies Institute will hold the 2nd GEOINT & Open Source Analytics Summit on September 19-20, 2017. Early registration is going on now, and seating is limited. Register today!

ICN announces partnership with GTSC
Intelligence Community News is proud to partner with the Government Technology and Services Coalition, the leading industry organization dedicated to driving innovation and helping small and mid-size companies do business with the U.S. Intelligence Community. Intelligence Community News readers who become members of GTSC will gain access to exclusive bonuses, and ICN will work with GTSC to promote private sector innovation.  

News Categories
News Categories
Select Category
Biz Opps
Category #1
   Sub Category 1.1
      Sub Category 2.1
         Sub Category 3.1
         Sub Category 3.2
         Sub Category 3.3
      Sub Category 2.2
      Sub Category 2.3
   Sub Category 1.2
   Sub Category 1.3
Category #2
Category #3
Category #4
Category #5
Company News
Congress
Contract Awards
Entertainment
   Celebrities
   Movies
   Television
Intel Agencies
International
Music
   Alternative
   Country
   Hip Hop
   Rock & Roll
People
Policies
Politics
   Campaigns
   Issues
Products & Services
Programs
Sports
   Baseball
   Basketball
   Football
Technology
   Cameras
   Gadgets
Uncategorized



Recent Comments
Loren Blinde on Army posts RFI for CECOM SEC supportBob D on Army posts RFI for CECOM SEC supportBob Walther on IARPA posts draft BAA for Ithildin programThomas on Michael Ryan joins DHPC Technologies as director of cyber electro-magnetic activitiesCherif Lefevre on DIA Director for Analysis briefs Congress on tradecraft
Our recent articles
Our recent articles

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 January 2013 


Tags
AFRL BAA
Air Force Research Lab
Air Force Research Laboratory
Army RFI
BAE Systems
Boeing
C4ISR
CACI
CIA
cybersecurity
DARPA
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
Defense Intelligence Agency
Department of Homeland Security
Engility
GEOINT
Harris
Harris Corporation
House Intelligence Committee
IARPA
Inc.
intel community
Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity
Intelligence Community
intelligence surveillance reconnaissance
ISR
James Clapper
John Mengucci
Ken Asbury
Leidos
Lockheed Martin
MacAulay-Brown
MacB
ManTech
Mercury Systems
metered
National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency
National Security Agency
NGA
Northrop Grumman
ODNI
Office of the Director of National Intelligence
Raytheon
SAIC
SPAWAR

Secondary SidebarIC Industry Spotlight
Introducing a new feature of Intelligence Community News, the IC Industry Spotlight. Want to see your organization here? Learn how.





























Fred Kornberg - Chief Executive Officer & President at Comtech Telecommunications Corp.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Fred Kornberg
Chief Executive Officer & President at Comtech Telecommunications Corp.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Fred Kornberg
Chief Executive Officer & President at Comtech Telecommunications Corp.



 Overview



Age



80
                                  (Born 1937)
                                              




Notable Companies


Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

Comtech PST Corp.




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 83 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Marketline Newswire
July 12, 2017





                        Comtech receives $1.9 million orders from international Space and Communications customer                    





Business Wire
July 12, 2017





                        Comtech Receives Orders from International Space Customer of $1.9 Million                    





Marketline Newswire
July 11, 2017





                        Comtech wins contract to deliver satellite services for US Marine Corps                    





Business Wire
July 6, 2017





                        Comtech Telecommunications Corp. Receives $6.9 Million in Orders for Cyber Training                    





Business Wire
July 5, 2017





                        Comtech Telecommunications Corp. Awarded $14.5 Million Contract Modification to Supply Managed Satellite Services for the U.S. Marine Corps                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Michael D. Porcelain

Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at Comtech Telecommunications Corp.




Stanton D. Sloane

President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer & Secretary at Decision Sciences Medical Co.





Richard L. Burt

Head, Legacy Mobile Data Communications Group at Comtech Telecommunications Corp.




Robert G. Paul

Former President & Chief Executive Officer at Allen Telecom, Inc.





Ira Kaplan

Former Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President at EDO Corp.




John Branscum

Senior Vice President, President of Comtech Ef Data Corporation & Xicom Technology, Inc at Comtech Telecommunications Corp.





Michael Hrybenko

President of Comtech PST Corp at Comtech Telecommunications Corp.




J. Preston Windus, Jr.

President of Comtech Mobile Datacom Corporation at Comtech Telecommunications Corp.





Lawrence J. Waldman

Senior Adviser at First Long Island Investors LLC




Edwin Kantor

Former Vice Chairman of Investment Banking at Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.







See 73 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 73 More 


 


 Paths to Fred Kornberg



            Fred Kornberg          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Fred Kornberg






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Fred Kornberg.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Chief Executive Officer & President

                                    1971 - Current                


Comtech Telecommunications Corp.


                  Comtech Telecommunications Corp. engages in the design, development, production and market products, systems and services for advanced communications solutions. It operates through the following segments: Telecommunications Transmission, RF Microwave Amplifiers, and Mobile Data Communications. The Telecommunications Transmission segment provides equipment and systems that are used to enhance satellite transmission efficiency and that enable wireless communications in environments where terrestrial communications are unavailable, inefficient or too expensive. The RF Microwave Amplifiers segment designs, develops, manufactures and markets satellite earth station traveling wave tube amplifiers and solid-state power amplifiers including high-power, narrow and broadband RF microwave amplifier products. The Mobile Data Communications segment provides customers with integrated solutions to enable global, satellite-based communications when mobile, real-time, secure transmission is required. The company was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Melville, NY.                




Chief Executive Officer

                                    Current                


Comtech PST Corp.


                  Comtech PST Corp. designs, develops, and manufactures RF and microwave solid-state power amplifiers. It serves a variety of domestic and international high technology markets including defense, wireless and satellite (EMI/EMC) communications, cellular instrumentation, electromagnetic compatibility testing, and medical testing systems. The firm also offers amplifier module building blocks, rack-mounted amplifier units, and complete amplifier systems. The company was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Melville, NY.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chairman, Board of Directors

                    1971 - Current                  


Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

                    Comtech Telecommunications Corp. engages in the design, development, production and market products, systems and services for advanced communications solutions. It operates through the following segments: Telecommunications Transmission, RF Microwave Amplifiers, and Mobile Data Communications. The Telecommunications Transmission segment provides equipment and systems that are used to enhance satellite transmission efficiency and that enable wireless communications in environments where terrestrial communications are unavailable, inefficient or too expensive. The RF Microwave Amplifiers segment designs, develops, manufactures and markets satellite earth station traveling wave tube amplifiers and solid-state power amplifiers including high-power, narrow and broadband RF microwave amplifier products. The Mobile Data Communications segment provides customers with integrated solutions to enable global, satellite-based communications when mobile, real-time, secure transmission is required. The company was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Melville, NY.                  





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Fred Kornberg is affiliated with
                            Comtech Telecommunications Corp., Comtech PST Corp., Comtech Telecommunications Corp..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Comtech Telecommunications Corp. - Board of Directors























            
                 Home 
            
            
            |
            
                 Management Team 
            
            
            |
            
                 Investor Relations 
            
            
            |
            
                 Job Opportunities 
            
            
            |
            
            
                 Contact Us 
            
        



















 











HOME > MANAGEMENT TEAM > Board of Directors 
 
Fred Kornberg is CEO and President as well as Chairman of Comtech’s Board of Directors.  From January 2015 to January 2016, he served as Comtech’s Executive Chairman. Prior to that, he was CEO and President of Comtech from 1976 to 2015.[back]

Edwin Kantor 
                      has been a director of Comtech since 2001 and has been Lead Independent Director since 2011. He currently serves as Chairman of S2K Partners LLC.  Previously he was Vice Chairman of Investment Banking with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. from 2009 to 2012 and was Chairman of BK Financial Services LLP from 2002 to 2009. He served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of TPB Financial Services and was Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer of HCFP/Brenner Securities from 1999 to 2001. He was Vice Chairman of Barington Capital Group from 1993 to 1999. Prior to joining Barington, Mr. Kantor spent 37 years in the securities industry with Drexel Burnham Lambert and its predecessor firms, where he held various positions, including serving as the firm's Vice Chairman. [back]

Ira Kaplan 
                      has been a director of Comtech since 2002. He is currently a private investor. Mr. Kaplan was President and Chief Operating Officer ("COO") of EDO Corporation from 1998 to 2000 and, following the merger of EDO Corporation with AIL Technologies Inc., Mr. Kaplan served as the Executive Vice President and COO of the combined companies with responsibility to manage the integration of the companies. Mr. Kaplan held that position until his retirement in 2001. EDO Corporation is a supplier of sophisticated, highly engineered products and systems for defense, aerospace and industrial applications. EDO was subsequently purchased by ITT and the operations that Mr. Kaplan oversaw were spun-off as part of a publicly-traded company that is now called Exelis. [back]

Robert G. Paul has been a director of Comtech since March 2007. He currently serves on the boards of directors of Kemet Corporation, and previously served on the boards of directors of Rogers Corporation and Andrew Corporation. He was the Group President, Base Station Subsystems, for Andrew Corporation from 2003 to 2004. Mr. Paul was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Allen Telecom Inc. from 1989 to 2003. He also served in various other capacities at Allen Telecom, which he joined in 1970, including Chief Financial Officer. [back]

Dr. Yacov A. Shamash 
                  serves as Vice President of Economic Development at Stony Brook University where he was the founder of the New York State Center for Excellence in Wireless and Information Technology. He previously served as the Dean of Engineering and Applied Sciences. Dr. Shamash was also the Dean of the Harriman School for Management and Policy and the founder of the New York State Center for Excellence in Wireless and Information Technology at the University. Prior to joining Stony Brook University, Dr. Shamash developed and directed the National Science Foundation Industry/University Cooperative Research Center for the Design of Analog/Digital Integrated Circuits and also served as Chairman of the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department at Washington State University. He also serves on the Board of Directors of KeyTronic Corp. and Applied DNA Sciences, Inc. Dr. Shamash holds a Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering from Imperial College of Science and Technology in London, England. [back]
Lawrence J. Waldman has been a director of Comtech since August 2015. He also serves as a member of the board of directors and Lead Independent Director of Bovie Medical Corporation, and as chair of its audit committee. He is also a member of the boards of directors of CVD Equipment Corp and Northstar/RXR Metro Income, Inc., an SEC registered non-traded real estate investment trust and as a member of its audit committee. Mr. Waldman currently serves as Managing Director at First Long Island Investors, LLC and was previously an Advisor to the accounting firm of EisnerAmper LLP following his role as Partner-in-Charge of Commercial Audit Practice Development for Long Island. Prior to joining EisnerAmper LLP, Mr. Waldman was the Partner-in-Charge of Commercial Audit Practice Development for Holtz Rubenstein Reminick, LLP from July 2006 to August 2011. Mr. Waldman was the Managing Partner of the Long Island office of KPMG LLP from 1994 through 2006, the accounting firm where he began his career in 1972.
Mr. Waldman is currently Chairman of the board of directors of the Long Island Association, a member of the boards of directors of the Long Island Angel Network and the Advanced Energy Research Center at Stony Brook University, and a member of the Dean's Advisory Board of the Hofstra University Frank G. Zarb School of Business, where he is also an adjunct professor. Mr. Waldman serves as a member of the State University of New York's Board of Trustees and as chair of its audit committee. He also serves as the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of Bethpage Federal Credit Union. He previously served as the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Long Island Power Authority (LIPA) and as chair and a member of the finance and audit committee. [back]
 



 


 




Board 
                                    of Directors


Fred 
                                    Kornberg


Edwin 
                                    Kantor


Ira 
                                    Kaplan


Robert G. Paul


Dr. Yacov A. Shamash


Lawrence J. Waldman












Corporate Governance


Policy and Guidelines



Charters


Lead Independent   Director


Nominating and Governance   Committee


Audit Committee


Executive Compensation   Committee





















Home | Management Team | Investor Relations | Job Opportunities | Contact Us
© 2017 Comtech Telecommunications Corp. All Rights Reserved  Please read our Privacy Policies and Terms of Use.















