 



The KP Funds — KP Small Cap Equity Fund














The KP Funds


Managed by  






Fund Lineup

KP Retirement Path Funds


KP Retirement Path 2060 Fund

KP Retirement Path 2055 Fund

KP Retirement Path 2050 Fund

KP Retirement Path 2045 Fund

KP Retirement Path 2040 Fund

KP Retirement Path 2035 Fund

KP Retirement Path 2030 Fund

KP Retirement Path 2025 Fund

KP Retirement Path 2020 Fund

KP Retirement Path 2015 Fund

KP Core Funds


KP Large Cap Equity Fund

KP Small Cap Equity Fund

KP International Equity Fund

KP Fixed Income Fund




KP Small Cap Equity Fund

Overview
Characteristics & Performance
Risks



Investment Objective
The fund seeks long-term capital appreciation primarily through investments in a diversified portfolio of small capitalization equity securities.
Investment Strategy
The fund seeks to out-perform the Russell 2000 Index over time by employing a "multi-manager" approach, whereby the fund's advisor, Callan Associates Inc. ("Callan"), allocates the fund's assets among a number of experienced sub-advisors with differing investment philosophies and strategies.
The sub-advisors use a combination of fundamental, macroeconomic, and quantitative analysis to identify companies held in the portfolio. No assurances can be made that the 
							fund will achieve its investment goals.
The KP Core Funds serve as core building blocks for the KP Retirement Path Funds. Only the KP Small Cap Equity Fund is available for direct investment. Other information may be found in the fund's summary and full prospectuses, which may be obtained by calling (855)4-KPFNDS or on this website. Please read the prospectus carefully.
The KP Core Funds are mutual funds. They are part of The KP Funds Series Trust, an open-end management investment company that offers shares of diversified portfolios. The funds are advised by Callan Associates Inc., a registered investment advisor. They are administered by SEI Investments Global Funds Services and distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co., which are not affiliated with Callan Associates.
Only participants in the Kaiser Permanente defined contribution plans can invest in the funds.
There can be no assurance that a Fund will achieve its stated objectives. Diversification is not guaranteed to protect against market loss.
Investing involves risk including loss of principal.



Fund Advisor
Callan


Fund Administrator
SEI Investments Global Fund Services


Asset Class
Small Cap Equity


Ticker
KPSCX


Gross Expense Ratio
0.53%


Net Expense Ratio
0.53%

Downloads

Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Annual Report
Semi-Annual Report









 



The KP Funds














The KP Funds


Managed by  






Introducing The KP Funds


The KP Funds are a series of mutual funds created exclusively for participants in Kaiser Permanente sponsored retirement plans.
The KP Retirement Path Funds
A series of 10 target date mutual funds built exclusively for Kaiser Permanente participants.  Each Fund is designed to serve as an "all-in-one" retirement savings investment strategy.
The KP Core Funds
A series of four asset class funds that serve as the key asset class building blocks for the KP Retirement Path Funds.

SEI Investments Distribution Co. (1 Freedom Valley Drive, Oaks, PA, 19456) is the distributor for the KP Funds. Check the background of SIDCO on FINRA's BrokerCheck.


To determine if one of these funds is an appropriate investment for you, carefully consider the fund's investment objectives, risk factors, charges, and expenses before investing. This and other information may be found in the fund's summary and full prospectuses, which may be obtained by calling (855)4-KPFNDS or on this website. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
The KP Retirement Path Funds and the KP Core Funds are mutual funds. They are part of The KP Funds Series Trust, an open-end management investment company that offers shares of diversified portfolios. The funds are advised by Callan Associates Inc., a registered investment advisor. They are administered by SEI Investments Global Funds Services and distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co., which are not affiliated with Callan Associates.
Only participants in the Kaiser Permanente defined contribution plans can invest in the KP Retirement Path Funds and the KP Small Cap Equity Fund. The other KP Core Funds are not currently open to direct investment.
There can be no assurance that the funds will achieve their stated objectives. An investor may experience losses, at any time, including near, at, or after a fund's target retirement year. In addition, there is no guarantee that an investor's investment in the fund will provide any income at or through the years following the fund's target retirement year in amounts adequate to meet the investor's goals or retirement needs.
Investing involves risk including loss of principal.





 



The KP Funds — Contact













The KP Funds


Managed by  






Contact




If you would like more information on the KP Funds Family, please call 855.4.KPFNDS or download the Fund Fact Sheet and Prospectus.
To make an investment in the Funds, please log on to your retirement plan account at Vanguard (www.vanguard.com) or call 800.523.1188.






 



The KP Funds — About the KP Retirement Path Funds














The KP Funds


Managed by  






About the Funds


The KP Retirement Path Funds

The KP Core Funds



About the KP Retirement Path Funds

Overview
Which fund is right for me?
What is a glidepath?

The KP Retirement Path Funds provide you with an all-in-one investment strategy to help you manage your retirement savings. Each of these 10 mutual funds is designed with a specific retirement date in mind. You simply choose the fund that best aligns with the year you turn 65 and then save appropriately.
Explore the Fund Lineup
All of the KP Retirement Path Funds invest in a diversified mix of asset classes and strategies, and employ an asset allocation that automatically adjusts to become increasingly conservative over time (this asset allocation pattern is commonly referred to as a 
					"glidepath"). They are designed to help you achieve the appropriate balance between long-term capital growth, inflation protection, and current income for each stage of your savings career.
Each KP Retirement Path Fund invests in an underlying mix of different funds to form a broadly diversified mix of stocks (equities), bonds (fixed income investments), and real assets (such as commodities, infrastructure, and real estate). The underlying funds are managed by experienced advisors, each with a demonstrated expertise in their area of specialization.
All of the KP Retirement Path funds begin with a larger allocation to stocks when the target retirement date is far away, and gradually become more conservative (fewer stocks and more bonds and real assets) as the target retirement date approaches. Should you choose to retire significantly earlier or later than 65, you may want to consider a fund with an asset allocation more appropriate to your particular situation.
To determine if one of these funds is an appropriate investment for you, carefully consider the fund's investment objectives, risk factors, charges, and expenses before investing. This and other information may be found in the fund's summary and full prospectuses, which may be obtained by calling (855)4-KPFNDS or on this website. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
The KP Retirement Path Funds are mutual funds. They are part of The KP Funds Series Trust, an open-end management investment company that offers shares of diversified portfolios. The funds are advised by Callan Associates Inc., a registered investment advisor. They are administered by SEI Investments Global Funds Services and distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co., which are not affiliated with Callan Associates.
Only participants in the Kaiser Permanente defined contribution plans can invest in the funds.
There can be no assurance that a Fund will achieve its stated objectives. An investor may experience losses, at any time, including near, at or after the Fund's target year. In addition, there is no guarantee that an investor's investment in the fund will provide any income at or through the years following the Fund's target year in amounts adequate to meet the investor's goals or retirement needs.
Investing involves risk including loss of principal. Bond and bond funds are subject to interest rate risk and will decline in value as interest rates rise. Mortgage-backed securities are subject to pre-payment and extension risk and therefore react differently to changes in interest rates than other bonds. Small movements in interest rates may quickly and significantly reduce the value of certain mortgage-backed securities. Non-investment grade bonds involve greater risks of default and are more volatile than investment grade securities, due to the speculative nature of the investment. International investments involve risk of capital loss from unfavorable fluctuation in currency values, from differences in generally accepted accounting principles or from social, economic or political instability in other nations. These risks are heightened when investing in emerging markets or in a single state.
Currency risk is the risk that foreign currencies will decline in value relative to the U.S. dollar or, in the case of hedging positions, that the U.S. dollar will decline in value relative to the currency hedged. In either event, the dollar value of an investment in the Underlying Fund would be adversely affected. The use of leverage by the fund managers may accelerate the velocity of potential losses. Furthermore, the use of derivatives are often more volatile than other investments and magnify the Fund's gains or losses. Diversification does not protect against market loss.






 



The KP Funds — Download Center














The KP Funds


Managed by  






Download Center




Download Center
Here you can access and download important information related to the KP Funds.  Documents available to download are listed in the tables below.  They include the Fact Sheets and Prospectuses for the KP Retirement Path Funds, the Prospectuses for the KP Core Funds, and the Semi-Annual Report and Statement of Additional Information ("SAI") for all of the KP Funds.


 
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Statutory Prospectus


KP Retirement Path Funds


KP Retirement Path Fund Family





KP Retirement Path 2060 Fund





KP Retirement Path 2055 Fund





KP Retirement Path 2050 Fund





KP Retirement Path 2045 Fund





KP Retirement Path 2040 Fund





KP Retirement Path 2035 Fund





KP Retirement Path 2030 Fund





KP Retirement Path 2025 Fund





KP Retirement Path 2020 Fund





KP Retirement Path 2015 Fund





 


 
Fact Sheet
Summary Prospectus
Statutory Prospectus


KP Core Funds


KP Large Cap Equity Fund





KP Small Cap Equity Fund





KP International Equity Fund





KP Fixed Income Fund





 





KP Retirement Path and Core Funds


Annual Report  as of December 31, 2016



Semi-Annual Report  as of June 30, 2016



Statement of Additional Information



Information Statement – KP International Equity Fund



XBRL Files (zip file)



 










The KP Funds - KP Large Cap Equity Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 5:11 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of The KP Funds - KP Large Cap Equity Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
The KP Funds - KP Large Cap Equity Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Callan Associates Inc. The fund is co-managed by Massachusetts Financial Services Company, SSGA Funds Management, Inc., PanAgora Asset Management, Inc., AQR Capital Management, LLC, and T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. For its actively managed portion, it invests in the growth, value, and momentum stocks of large-cap companies, with market capitalization within the range of the Russell 1000 Index. For its passively managed portion, the fund inves...
The KP Funds - KP Large Cap Equity Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Callan Associates Inc. The fund is co-managed by Massachusetts Financial Services Company, SSGA Funds Management, Inc., PanAgora Asset Management, Inc., AQR Capital Management, LLC, and T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. For its actively managed portion, it invests in the growth, value, and momentum stocks of large-cap companies, with market capitalization within the range of the Russell 1000 Index. For its passively managed portion, the fund invests in the stocks of large-cap companies. It employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach focusing on factors such as above-average rate of earnings, cash flow growth, lucrative niche in the economy, sustain earnings momentum, new product introduction or innovation, extraordinary corporate event, favorable competitive development, change in management, systematic risk-control, return forecasting models, economic factors, firms with capable management, attractive valuations, and quality to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Lipper Lg Cap US Equity Index, Russell 1000 Growth Index, Russell 1000 Value Index, and Russell 1000 Index. For its passively managed portion, it seeks to replicate the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index, by investing in the stocks of companies as per their weightings in the index. The fund employs proprietary research to create its portfolio. The KP Funds - KP Large Cap Equity Fund was formed on January 10, 2014 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


One Freedom Valley DriveOaks, PA 19456United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: (800) 342-5734

kpfunds.net/lineup/largecap/







Key Executives for The KP Funds - KP Large Cap Equity Fund




Mr. Nevin P. Chitkara


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Steven R. Gorham CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Karl A. Schneider CAIA


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Michael J. Feehily CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. George Deckey Mussalli CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact The KP Funds - KP Large Cap Equity Fund, please visit kpfunds.net/lineup/largecap/.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























KP Fund: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























kp fund
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: -
Industry: -
Sub-Industry: -
KP Fund is an investment fund.




Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































	Investment Management. | Financial Engines








































Home > Investment Management
		

	







Investment Management.


It’s a complicated financial landscape.
Everyone’s investing style is different. Whether you’re in countdown mode to retirement, or you have 20 years or more of work ahead of you, it’s smart to think about investments. Learn how we can help you secure the income you’ll need to enjoy the retirement you want.





401(k) Retirement Savings Plans
If you have access to a 401(k) plan, we can help you take advantage of the opportunity to earn tax-deferred earnings. We can show you how contributing the amount to get the maximum employer match can get you “free money.”
Learn More >







Individual Retirement Accounts
Give yourself the opportunity to save more for a better retirement. Your earnings can grow tax-deferred, and you’ll have flexibility in investment choices not usually found in employer-sponsored plans.  
Learn More >







Taxable Brokerage Accounts
A proactive approach to developing a tax strategy can help prepare you, your family or your business for long-term success.
Learn More >










Get More Information

Free Financial Plan
Retirement Report
Compare Services





Please provide a valid first name

Please provide a valid last name

Please provide a valid phone number

Please provide a valid email
Please provide a valid email address

Please provide a valid zip
Please provide a valid zip



Does your employer already offer our services? 
Please call (888) 443-8577
We value your privacy. View our Privacy Policy.
















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









