










 




KSL Advisors, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 5:14 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of KSL Advisors, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
KSL Advisors, LLC is a private equity firm specializing in acquisition of underperforming and undercapitalized businesses, add-on acquisitions, mezzanine, and buyout investment. The firm primarily invests in travel and leisure businesses with a focus on the hotel, resorts, hospitality, recreation, clubs, real estate, and travel services sectors. It seeks to invest in North America with a focus on United States. It seeks to invest a minimum of $20 million in its portfolio companies and can invest up to $400 million of equity in any one transaction. The firm prefers a variety of structural approaches in investments, including complete ownership, joint ventures, minority interests, preferred eq...
KSL Advisors, LLC is a private equity firm specializing in acquisition of underperforming and undercapitalized businesses, add-on acquisitions, mezzanine, and buyout investment. The firm primarily invests in travel and leisure businesses with a focus on the hotel, resorts, hospitality, recreation, clubs, real estate, and travel services sectors. It seeks to invest in North America with a focus on United States. It seeks to invest a minimum of $20 million in its portfolio companies and can invest up to $400 million of equity in any one transaction. The firm prefers a variety of structural approaches in investments, including complete ownership, joint ventures, minority interests, preferred equity investments, and debt financing. It typically pursues transactions where the firm can control the investment. KSL Capital Partners, LLC was founded in 2005 and is based at Denver, Colorado with additional offices in New York, New York, Stanford, Connecticut, and London, United Kingdom.
Detailed Description


100 St. Paul StreetSuite 800Denver, CO 80206United StatesFounded in 2005



Phone: 720-284-6400

Fax: 720-284-6401

www.kslcapital.com







Key Executives for KSL Advisors, LLC




Mr. Eric C. Resnick


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Managing Director
      


Age: 44
        







Mr. Michael S. Shannon


      	Founding Partner, Co-Founder, Chairman, and Managing Director
      


Age: 58
        







Mr. Charlie Martin CPA


      	Director of Finance
      








Mr. Steven S. Siegel J.D.


      	Partner and Chief Operating Officer
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. Bryan K. Elliott


      	Head of Capital Development and Senior Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

KSL Advisors, LLC Key Developments

KSL Advisors, LLC Presents at 39th Annual NYU International Hospitality Industry Investment Conference 2017, Jun-04-2017 through Jun-06-2017
Jun 1 17
KSL Advisors, LLC Presents at 39th Annual NYU International Hospitality Industry Investment Conference 2017, Jun-04-2017 through Jun-06-2017. Venue: New York, United States. Presentation Date & Speakers: Jun-06-2017, Bernard N. Siegel, Partner, Eric C. Resnick, Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Managing Director, Gregory P. Kennealey, Director.


Belfry Golf Reportedly Up For Sale
May 18 17
De Vere Belfry Ltd. has been put up for sale with a £180 million price tag by KSL Capital Partners LLC, according to people with knowledge of the plan. Broker Jones Lang LaSalle Inc. has been appointed to advise on options for the Warwickshire estate, which includes a hotel and spa, the people said. Other options include selling a stake in the project. An executive from KSL Capital didn’t respond to an email sent on May 17, 2017, and a spokeswoman didn’t respond to calls and emails seeking comment. A spokeswoman for Jones Lang LaSalle declined to comment.


KSL Advisors, LLC Presents at The Americas Lodging Investment Summit, Jan-23-2017 through Jan-25-2017
Jan 7 17
KSL Advisors, LLC Presents at The Americas Lodging Investment Summit, Jan-23-2017 through Jan-25-2017. Venue: JW Marriott & Microsoft Theater, Los Angeles, California, United States. Presentation Date & Speakers: Jan-25-2017, Bernard N. Siegel, Partner and Member of Investment Committee, Michael S. Shannon, Founding Partner, Co-Founder, Chairman, and Managing Director.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      April 12, 2017
			    
Mammoth Resorts, LLC



Merger/Acquisition

			      April 10, 2017
			    
Intrawest Resorts Holdings, Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      January 18, 2017
			    
Miraval Resort & Spa





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact KSL Advisors, LLC, please visit www.kslcapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























KSL Capital Partners














What We Do 
Who We Are
Investments
Press 
responsibility 
Contact












INVESTOR LOGIN















What We Do 
Who We Are
Investments
Press 
responsibility 
Contact












Dedicated to investments in travel and leisure businesses






















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Contact Us | KSL Capital Partners
















What We Do 
Who we Are
Investments
Press 
responsibility 
Contact








INVESTOR LOGIN















What We Do 
Who We Are
Investments
Press 
responsibility 
Contact




















Contact Us
KSL Capital is interested in learning about acquisition prospects. Please submit information to: prospects@kslcapital.com

                                For Employment Opportunities, please contact us at: careers@kslcapital.com




KSL Capital Partners, LLC

 100 St. Paul St., Suite 800
Denver, CO 80206
 P (720) 284-6400
 F (720) 284-6401





KSL Capital Partners, LLC

 700 Canal St., 4th Floor
Stamford, CT 06902
 P (203) 989-3980





KSL Capital Partners International, LLP

 7th Floor, Portland House, Bressenden Place
London, SW 1W 0BD
 P 0208 069 0160










KSL Capital Partners, LLC

                    100 St. Paul St., Suite 800
                    Denver, CO, 80206
                

directions



KSL Capital Partners, LLC

                    700 Canal St., 4th Floor
                    Stamford, CT, 06902
                

directions



KSL Capital Partners International, LLP

                    7th Floor, Portland House, Bressenden Place
                    London, SW, 1W 0BD
                

directions








Montrose Country
Colorado
38.315657, -108.79946435
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











KSL Advisors LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback




























ksl advisors llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
KSL Advisors LLC operates as a private equity firm. The Company invests in travel and leisure sectors. KSL Capital Partners operates in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

100 Fillmore Street
Suite 600
Denver, CO 80206
United States


Phone:
1-720-284-6400


Fax:
1-720-284-6401


Web url:
www.kslcapital.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Steven S Siegel


Partner/COO




Kevin Robert Rohnstock


Chief Compliance OFC/Gen Cnsl




Charlie Martin


Director:Finance




Michael S Shannon


Managing Member




Eric C Resnick


Managing Member







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































KSL ADVISORS LLC Denver CO, 80206 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
KSL Advisors LLC
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







KSL Advisors LLC



100 Fillmore St, Ste 600

Denver,
							
							
							 CO
							
							
							 80206-4931
							
							 |  view map


(720) 284-6430

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

KSL ADVISORS LLC in Denver, CO.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Headquarters
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2008
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Hammer & CO


RAM Enterprises Inc


Walbro


Barnes & Noble


Ideal Construction CO


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


A 1 Raidator Service


TRI State Metal Works








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
✪
✪


								5.0
							


							( Based on
							
							1
							Rating
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								1
								review)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on KSL Advisors LLC
Rate KSL Advisors LLC on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about KSL Advisors LLC
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VUDEN INC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLTAIRE
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOGUE
VORA SHAILESH C MD

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

INDUSTRIAL ELECTRICAL SUPPLY INC
SANDERS PLUMBING & ELECTRIC
FACTOR SALES INC
CKC CONSTRUCTION & MATERIALS LLC
TRAX TECHNOLOGIES INC
KNUD NIELSEN CO INC
YADIN CO INC
ARKANSAS APPLIANCE & AIR CONDITIONING INC
ORGANIZED SPACES LLC
TOWN OF SNEAD TOWN HALL

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
AZURADISC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
STINGER WELDING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
PANALPINA INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  



















Raphael Bihler - Associate at KSL Advisors LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Raphael Bihler
Associate at KSL Advisors LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History 


Raphael Bihler
Associate at KSL Advisors LLC



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 507 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Juliet V. Estridge

Chief Operating Officer of European Equities at Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc




Ben Britz

Director of Product Development & SSC at Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc





Magdalena L. Stoklosa

Managing Director of Financial Services Research at Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc




Laura I. Lembke

Vice President of Investment Banking at Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc





Daniele Antonucci

Economist at Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc




Markus Christof Hottenrott

Executive Director at Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc





Andrew Sheets

Head of European Credit Strategy at Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc




Alina Slyusarchuk

Economist at Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc





Pasquale M. Diana

Executive Director & Emerging Markets Economist at Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc




Melanie Baker

Economist at Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc







See 497 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 497 More 


 


 Paths to Raphael Bihler



            Raphael Bihler          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Raphael Bihler






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Raphael Bihler.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


INSEAD Asia Campus






 


Edinburgh Napier University

                  Edinburgh Napier University is a school.                





 Career History



Associate

                                    2015 - Current                


KSL Advisors LLC


                  KSL Advisors makes investments in travel and leisure businesses, including the hospitality, recreation, clubs, real estate and travel services sectors. They focus on acquisitions of historically under-managed or under-capitalized businesses, striving to unlock hidden value by re-envisioning and repositioning these enterprises. Their approach involves closely managing each investment and expanding each enterprise across a broad array of complementary businesses in order to increase revenues and cash flows. The firm uses a variety of structural approaches in our investments, including complete ownership, joint ventures, minority interests and debt financing. Their targeted investment size is $25 million but they have the resources to invest up to $500 million.                




Analyst

                                    Prior - 2015                


Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc


                  Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc provides brokerage services. The firm provides financial investment services, including asset management services. The company was incorporated on October 28, 1986 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.                





 Other Affiliations




              Raphael Bihler is affiliated with
                            KSL Advisors LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤





























Aristotle Capital Management Expands Product Offering in Retail Investment Channel | KSL.com





















































 NewsSportsBrandviewTVRadioLiveWeatherMarketplaceClassifiedsCarsHomesJobsServicesDealsTravel



















News
 / 
Biz
 / 
Sub-sections:

More sections »

                    Home                

                    Utah                

                    Southern Utah                

                    Idaho                

                    Features                

                    U.S.                

                    World                

                    Politics                

                    Sports                

                    Weather                

                    Traffic                

                    Biz                

                    Entertainment                

                    Outdoors                

                    BrandView                
















X




















Aristotle Capital Management Expands Product Offering in Retail Investment Channel


      
       By        Aristotle Capital Management, Llc, Associated Press          
                                               |  Posted Apr 8th, 2014 @ 6:31am              



 1 photo


0























 





LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 8, 2014--Aristotle Capital Management, LLC (“Aristotle Capital”), a value-oriented investment management firm for institutional and high net worth clients with $7.2 billion of assets under management as of March 31, 2014, today announced that Matt Schleichkorn has joined the company as Managing Director, Retail Sales and Marketing, a newly created position at the firm.
Matt Schleichkorn - Managing Director, Retail Sales and Marketing (Photo: Business Wire)
Schleichkorn will spearhead Aristotle Capital’s expansion into the retail investor marketplace, creating a team that will open new channels for the firm to offer its full array of equity products as well as fixed income products through its affiliate firm, Aristotle Credit Partners, LLC (“Aristotle Credit”). He will be based at Aristotle Capital’s Los Angeles headquarters.
“Aristotle is taking the next step in its evolution by further expanding into the retail channel, building on the firm’s growing asset base in the institutional investor community,” said Gary Lisenbee, Aristotle’s Co-CEO and Co-Chief Investment Officer. “We are fortunate to have an individual of Matt’s caliber to lead this new effort. He is a leader with extensive experience directing retail sales teams at large financial organizations.”
“Increasing our presence in the retail channel is another example of how we intend to offer a full suite of services to investors across all of our investment platforms,” said Richard S. Hollander, Chairman of Aristotle, and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of MetWest Ventures, which is the architect behind the formation of Aristotle Capital and Aristotle Credit as well as an advisor and partner to both firms. “We are delighted that Matt has chosen to take this step with us.”
Prior to joining Aristotle Capital, Schleichkorn spent more than six years at Merrill Lynch as Director, Managed Solutions for the West Coast. Before that, he was a Senior Vice President at Phoenix Investment Partners, selling mutual funds and separately managed accounts to the financial advisor community. He also worked nine years at Morgan Stanley, where his roles included National Sales Manager of their Consulting Service Group and Financial Advisor.
“I am honored to be chosen by Richard and Gary to drive this effort at Aristotle,” said Schleichkorn. “The investment management team has an experienced background and the firm’s employee-owned culture makes it an attractive place to assemble this new sales team. The opportunity to build a direct retail business at a private investment firm is very appealing to me. We believe Aristotle has excellent investment products, so it is my intention to make Aristotle a go-to name among retail brokers, registered investment advisors and consumers.”
Schleichkorn earned a Master of Business Administration degree from Pepperdine University and a Bachelor of Art degree in Business Administration from the University of Southern California. He holds a number of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) licenses, including the Series 7, 63 and 65. He also earned the Certified Investment Management Analyst (CIMA) designation from the Investment Management Consultants Association (IMCA), an organization in which Schleichkorn helps to chair certain events. He and his family are active participants with Operation Gratitude, an organization that honors active military members.

                About Aristotle Capital Management
              
With offices in Los Angeles and Orange County, California, Aristotle Capital Management, LLC is a value-oriented investment management firm with a differentiated and highly disciplined approach focused on investing in high-quality companies. Investment decisions are based on our investment team’s long collective experience, in-depth fundamental research and our ability to assess and act on change. Our long-term investment horizon is aligned with our clients’ goals to grow assets and control risk. Aristotle offers multiple investment solutions including Value Equity, International Equity, Global Equity and Global Opportunities. Our clients include public and ERISA funds, corporations, foundations, endowments, Taft-Hartley, charitable organizations and high net worth individuals. Please visit www.aristotlecap.com for more information.
Aristotle Capital Management, LLC is an independent investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. Registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training. More information about Aristotle Capital including our investment strategies, fees and objectives can be found in our ADV Part 2, which is available upon request.

                About Aristotle Credit Partners
              
Based in Los Angeles, Aristotle Credit Partners, LLC is an institutional asset management firm focused on value-added credit strategies. The firm’s investment strategies include High Yield Bonds, Bank Loans, High Grade Corporate Credit and Custom strategies. As a credit manager, Aristotle Credit Partners opportunistically invests in loans and bonds along the full credit spectrum. Our credit strategies largely operate in what we believe to be less efficient markets with less interest rate sensitivity than many investment grade strategies. The process seeks to create value primarily though a macro view, deep credit research of higher tier credits and downside protection through disciplined risk management.
Aristotle Credit Partners integrates an outstanding team with extensive experience in managing high-yield, fixed-rate bonds and high-grade corporate strategies with West Gate Horizons Advisors, LLC, a registered investment advisor specializing in the management of collateralized loan obligations and bank loans. Aristotle Credit Partners, LLC is affiliated with Aristotle Capital Management, LLC. Please visit www.aristotlecredit.com for more information.
Aristotle Credit Partners, LLC is an independent investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. Registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training. More information about Aristotle Credit including our investment strategies, fees and objectives can be found in our ADV Part 2, which is available upon request.

                About MetWest Ventures
              
MetWest Ventures was founded by Richard S. Hollander in 1992 with the vision of building fully independent and superior businesses by investing in outstanding management teams in the asset management business. Hollander formerly managed Drexel Burnham Lambert’s West Coast investment grade fixed income division, which oversaw all real estate and mortgage-related activities in addition to covering all West Coast banks and financial institutions.
Since its inception, MetWest Ventures has supported and provided assistance to partners who have managed assets for many of the largest U.S. and non-U.S. plan sponsors. MetWest Ventures has partnered with and invested in firms such as MetWest Asset Management, MetWest Capital Management, Post Advisory Group and MetWest Securities Lending.
MetWest Ventures’ most recent undertakings are Aristotle Credit Partners, an institutional asset management firm focused on value-added credit strategies, Aristotle Capital Management, LLC, a registered investment advisor offering U.S., International and Global investment solutions to institutional and high net worth clients, MetWest Realty Advisors, a commercial real estate private equity firm dedicated to the objective of achieving above market, risk-adjusted returns on investments in the commercial real estate space, and West Gate Horizons Advisors, a registered investment adviser specializing in the management of floating rate senior secured loan portfolios for institutional investors.


Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available:http://www.businesswire.com/multimedia/home/20140408005399/en/
    CONTACT: Aristotle Capital Management, LLC
Robert R. Womack, Jr., Managing Director
310-478-4005
rwomack@aristotlecap.com
or
Financial Profiles, Inc.
Tricia Ross, Senior Vice President
310-622-8226
             tross@finprofiles.com
                    
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA 
    
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PROFESSIONAL SERVICES CONSULTING FINANCE RETAIL OTHER RETAIL 
    
SOURCE: Aristotle Capital Management, LLC

Copyright Business Wire 2014

PUB: 04/08/2014 08:30 AM/DISC: 04/08/2014 08:30 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20140408005399/en Copyright © The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.


Photos




















0 Pending
0 Comments




View the KSL.com Comment Board Guidelines »



		Sorry, we are not accepting new comments on this story, but if you have more to contribute please email newstip@ksl.com





Oldest


Newest


Popular



Showing  of 0 comments























Most Viewed



                Police seek missing man after vehicle found 'under suspicious circumstances'                            



                Utah couple was celebrating anniversary on cruise                            



                Police: Man arrested after attempted kidnapping at Liberty Park                            



                3-year-old girl in critical condition after being hit by car                            



                Family discovers dog is alive after thinking she was euthanized                            



                Road trip? Here's the healthiest fast food meals                            



                2 girls hospitalized after being struck by lightning in Beaver County                            



                Senate opens 'Obamacare' debate at last but outcome in doubt                            



                Missing teenage girl from Gunnison found safe in Cedar City                            



                2 dead after SLC crash, TRAX service affected near U.                            











CNN: Money News

























 


















Mobile Apps | Advertise | Feedback | Contact Us | Careers with DDM | Careers with KSL

Terms of use | Privacy Statement | DMCA Notice | EEO Public File Report | KSL-TV FCC Public File | KSL FM Radio FCC Public File | KSL AM Radio FCC Public File | Closed Captioning Assistance
© 2017 KSL.com |  KSL Broadcasting  Salt Lake City UT   |  Site hosted & managed by Deseret Digital Media  -  a Deseret Media Company  v14





X












