










 







KSL SV 2016 II, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Ksl Sv 2016 Gp, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









KSL SV 2016 II, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    100 St. Paul Street Suite 800 
    Denver, CO, 80206Phone: 720-284-6400 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-29


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Ksl Sv 2016 Gp, Llc 
 Promoter 


 Charlie Martin 
 Executive 


 Peter R. Mc Dermott 
 Executive 


 Martin Newburger 
 Executive 


 Eric C. Resnick 
 Director 


 Michael S. Shannon 
 Director 


 Steven S. Siegel 
 Executive 


 Bernard Siegel 
 Executive 


 Richard Weissman 
 Executive 















KSL SV 2016, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Ksl Sv 2016 Gp, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









KSL SV 2016, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    100 Fillmore Street Suite 600 
    Denver, CO, 80206Phone: 720-284-6400 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-28


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Ksl Sv 2016 Gp, Llc 
 Promoter 


 Charlie Martin 
 Executive 


 Peter R. Mc Dermott 
 Executive 


 Martin Newburger 
 Executive 


 Eric C. Resnick 
 Director 


 Michael S. Shannon 
 Director 


 Steven S. Siegel 
 Executive 


 Bernard Siegel 
 Executive 


 Richard Weissman 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














KSL SV 2016, L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











KSL SV 2016, L.P.  Funding details


KSL SV 2016, L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001688518Address: 100 FILLMORE STREET SUITE 600 DENVER 80206Phone number: 720-284-6400



KSL SV 2016, L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-28New Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$0006b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of KSL SV 2016, L.P.
Key People in KSL SV 2016, L.P.:

N/A KSL SV 2016 GP, LLCMichael ShannonEric ResnickSteven SiegelRichard WeissmanPeter McDermottMartin NewburgerBernard SiegelCharlie Martin
Similar companiesKSL Capital Partners III TE, L.P., KSL Capital Partners III, L.P., KSL CCA 2010 Co-Invest 2, L.P., KSL CCA 2010 Co-Invest, L.P., KSL Capital Partners III FF, L.P., KSL Capital Partners Credit Opportunities Fund, L.P., KSL Capital Partners IV TE, L.P., KSL Capital Partners IV TE-A, L.P., KSL Capital Partners IV, L.P., KSL VUR Co-Invest, LP, KSL Capital Partners IV FF, L.P., KSL Capital Partners IV-A, L.P.








Last visited companies: LYSTER WATSON MODERATE VOLATILITY FUND LP, LYSTER WATSON DISTRESSED OPPORTUNITY FUND LTD, LYSTER WATSON MODERATE VOLATILITY FUND LTD, Language World, Inc, Lariat Holding Company, Ltd

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















KSL Capital Partners














What We Do 
Who We Are
Investments
Press 
responsibility 
Contact












INVESTOR LOGIN















What We Do 
Who We Are
Investments
Press 
responsibility 
Contact












Dedicated to investments in travel and leisure businesses




























Please enable JavaScript to view the page content.




Apple Leisure Group to Be Acquired By KKR and KSL Capital Partners - MarketWatch



















































Bulletin






Investor Alert























press release


					Dec. 13, 2016, 7:15 a.m. EST
				
Apple Leisure Group to Be Acquired By KKR and KSL Capital Partners






























PHILADELPHIA, Dec 13, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) --
Apple Leisure Group, a leading hospitality company, today announced that 
      KKR and an affiliate of KSL Capital Partners (KSL) have entered into a 
      definitive agreement to acquire the company from Bain Capital Private 
      Equity. Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed.


                                        








Apple Leisure Group is North America’s top seller of all-inclusive 
      vacation packages, with a vertically integrated business model that 
      leverages its capabilities and expertise to deliver exceptional value to 
      travelers, and distribution reach and resort management expertise for 
      hotel owners. Apple Leisure Group’s collection of leading subsidiaries 
      includes AMResorts (hotel management and marketing services), Amstar 
      (the largest destination management company for Mexico and the Dominican 
      Republic), a portfolio of travel distribution brands (Apple Vacations®, 
      Travel Impressions®, CheapCaribbean.com®), and the exclusive Unlimited 
      Vacation Club travel program.


                                        








“We are pleased to be partnering with KKR and KSL for our next phase of 
      growth,” said Alex Zozaya, Chief Executive Officer of Apple Leisure 
      Group. “They share our commitment to the vision of Apple Leisure Group 
      as we continue to deliver great results to travelers, guests and hotel 
      owners. We are extremely appreciative of Bain Capital Private Equity’s 
      partnership and support in executing our growth mission and helping us 
      strengthen our leadership position over the past four years.”


                                        








“Apple Leisure Group is a unique franchise with a differentiated market 
      position as well as an impressive management team,” said KKR Members 
      Paul Raether and Tagar Olson. “We are pleased to be partnering with KSL 
      to continue to grow the company and build upon its already premier 
      reputation in the travel industry.”


                                        








“Apple Leisure Group has emerged as a truly differentiated market 
      leader, with a strong management team executing a strategic growth plan 
      while continuing to deliver exceptional service and real value to 
      leisure travelers,” said Phil Loughlin a Managing Director at Bain 
      Capital Private Equity. “It has been a privilege to work side-by-side 
      with this talented team as we have invested to build the business for 
      the long-term by creating more effective collaboration among the various 
      companies in the group and integrating several acquisitions which added 
      value to the company’s product offerings,” added Ryan Cotton a Managing 
      Director at Bain Capital Private Equity.


                                        








”Nearly 25 years ago, KSL first partnered with KKR to acquire premier 
      hospitality businesses, and we are delighted to once again partner with 
      them to invest in Apple Leisure Group,” said Richard Weissmann, a 
      Partner of KSL. “We have spent several years searching for the right 
      opportunity in the Caribbean, and could not be more pleased to partner 
      with Apple Leisure Group and its talented management team and employees. 
      With a devoted customer base and thousands of loyal members, we believe 
      Apple Leisure Group has tremendous potential for future growth.”


                                        








The transaction is expected to close during the first quarter of 2017, 
      and is subject to customary regulatory approvals. KKR’s investment is 
      being made principally from its eleventh Americas Private Equity 
      investment fund.


                                        








Credit Suisse and Kirkland & Ellis LLP served as advisors to Bain 
      Capital Private Equity. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and Dentons 
      served as advisors to KKR and KSL.


                                        

About Apple Leisure Group

Philadelphia-based Apple Leisure 
      Group® is a leading hospitality company in the North American travel 
      industry. Its vertically integrated business model and robust 
      infrastructure leverages the expertise of six innovative subsidiaries to 
      deliver exceptional value to savvy travelers and strong resort 
      performance to owners. ALG’s award-winning subsidiaries include: 
      AMResorts®, provider of hotel management services under six luxury 
      resort brands; Apple Vacations®, the world’s largest tour operator to 
      Mexico and the Dominican Republic; Travel Impressions®, a prominent U.S. 
      wholesaler possessing an extensive global portfolio; 
      CheapCaribbean.com®, a popular online travel agency specializing in 
      luxury vacation packages and resort accommodations in Mexico and the 
      Caribbean; Amstar DMC, a destination management company offering premium 
      airport transfers, tours and excursions; and Unlimited Vacation Club®, 
      AMResorts’ popular guest loyalty program for discerning travelers who 
      expect the very best in a vacation experience. For more information on 
      Apple Leisure Group®, visit         www.appleleisuregroup.com
.


                                        

About KKR

KKR is a leading global investment firm that 
      manages investments across multiple asset classes including private 
      equity, energy, infrastructure, real estate, credit and hedge funds. KKR 
      aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient 
      and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and 
      driving growth and value creation at the asset level. KKR invests its 
      own capital alongside its partners' capital and brings opportunities to 
      others through its capital markets business. References to KKR's 
      investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds. For 
      additional information about KKR & Co. L.P.                 

/quotes/zigman/600022/composite KKR
+0.26%


, please visit 
      KKR's website at         www.kkr.com
 
      and on Twitter         @KKR_Co
.


                                        

About KSL

KSL is a private equity firm specializing in 
      travel and leisure enterprises in five primary sectors: hospitality, 
      recreation, clubs, real estate and travel services. KSL has offices in 
      Denver, CO; Stamford, CT; and London. Since 2005, KSL has raised 
      approximately $7.4 billion in equity capital commitments. KSL’s current 
      portfolio includes some of the premier properties in travel and leisure. 
      For more information, please visit         www.kslcapital.com


About Bain Capital Private Equity

Bain Capital Private 
      Equity (        www.baincapitalprivateequity.com
) 
      has partnered closely with management teams to provide the strategic 
      resources that build great companies and help them thrive since our 
      founding in 1984. Our team of more than 220 investment professionals 
      creates value for our portfolio companies through our global platform 
      and depth of expertise in key vertical industries including 
      consumer/retail, financial and business services, healthcare, 
      industrials, and technology, media and telecommunications. In addition 
      to private equity, Bain Capital invests across asset classes including 
      credit, public equity and venture capital, and leverages the firm’s 
      shared platform to capture opportunities in strategic areas of focus.


                                        














View source version on businesswire.com:         http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161213005497/en/









SOURCE: KKR & Co. L.P.


                                        

Media :

For Apple Leisure Group:

Stanton        
Charlyn 
      Lusk, 646-502-3549        
clusk@stantonprm.com

or        
For 
      KKR:

Kristi Huller or Cara Kleiman        
212-230-9722        
media@kkr.com

or        
For 
      KSL Capital Partners:

Julie Messing-Paea, 310-691-9979        
julie.messing@mac.com

or        
For 
      Bain Capital Private Equity:

Stanton        
Alex Stanton, 
      212-780-0701        
astanton@stantonprm.com









Copyright Business Wire 2016
                    



/quotes/zigman/600022/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
KKR




KKR & Co. L.P.


                US
                
                    : U.S.: NYSE
                
            




$
19.30



+0.05
+0.26%




Volume: 2.82M
July 28, 2017 4:00p






P/E Ratio8.01
Dividend Yield3.52%




Market Cap$15.68 billion
Rev. per Employee$3.40M





 









 










































Most Popular





1.





Market Extra

Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials






2.





Key Words

Kellyanne Conway suggests Hillary Clinton’s language is more vulgar than Anthony Scaramucci’s






3.






Elon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range






4.






Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400






5.





SectorWatch

How Snap makes money








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




5:14 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:00a6 insanely cool college classes that will have you longing to hit the books
5:00aBernie Sanders and Larry David are related — and so are these other surprising celebs
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15











































































Utah News, Sports, Weather and Classifieds | KSL.com




















































 NewsSportsBrandviewTVRadioLiveWeatherMarketplaceClassifiedsCarsHomesJobsServicesDealsTravel



























                2 girls hospitalized after being struck by lightning in Beaver County
Two girls were struck by lightning in Beaver County, Friday morning. Both were taken to the hospital in serious condition.

































                                        Concerts, fairs happening around Utah in August                    


















                                        Police seek missing man after vehicle found 'under suspicious circumstances'                    


















                                        Missing teenage girl from Gunnison found safe in Cedar City                    






















Latest News & Features






























Woman remembers sister killed in plane crash as one who lifted others



Mike Anderson  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 11:16pm  
Cori Payne says her sister, Sarah Huffaker, was not only her best friend, but often a friend to those around her.






























Police: Man arrested after attempted kidnapping at Liberty Park



Carter Williams, KSL.com  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 10:59pm  
A man was arrested Thursday night after police said he ran up to a 5-year-old girl and appeared to try and grab her at Liberty Park, police said.






























3-year-old girl in critical condition after being hit by car



Jacob Klopfenstein, KSL.com  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 10:40pm  
A three-year-old girl is in critical condition after she was hit by a car at a low speed on Friday evening, Eagle Mountain officials confirmed.






























Utah couple was celebrating anniversary on cruise



Rachel D'Oro, Associated Press  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 10:25pm  
A Utah couple was celebrating their wedding anniversary aboard an Alaska cruise when the husband was found covered in blood next to his wife's lifeless body, a frenzy of violence that a neighbor called completely out of character.






























Single mom builds business to help other mothers in need



Ashley Moser  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 10:23pm  
A Utah County woman is taking what she's learned from being a single parent to six children to set other mothers up for a better future. Her work centers around an online clothing business and a brand new store in Pleasant Grove.





































North Korea says 2nd ICBM test puts 'entire' US in range



Eric Talmadge and Mari Yamaguchi, Associated Press  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 10:21pm  
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said Saturday the second flight test of an intercontinental ballistic missile demonstrated his country can hit the U.S. mainland, hours after the launch left analysts concluding that a wide swath of the United States, including Los Angeles and Chicago, is now in range of North Korean weapons.






























2 dead after SLC crash, TRAX service affected near U.



Jacob Klopfenstein, KSL.com  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 9:49pm  
Two people are dead after a two-vehicle crash at 500 S. 1110 East in Salt Lake City Friday afternoon






























Utah football: Fall camp starts with offensive 'buy-in;' Jaylon Johnson impresses coaches



Josh Furlong, KSL.com  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 9:39pm  
Football is back and the University of Utah looks to improve upon last year’s success.






























Lee: Senate failed American people in rejecting 'skinny repeal' of Obamacare


Dennis Romboy  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 8:31pm  
The U.S. Senate failed the American people in rejecting the so-called "skinny repeal" of Obamacare, Sen. Mike Lee said Friday. Both he and Sen. Orrin Hatch voted for the legislation that the Senate narrowly voted down late Thursday.






























Rep. Bishop supports bill for more recreation on public lands



Ryan Morgan  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 8:30pm  
A new bipartisan effort could soon allow outdoor adventurers easier access to climbing, skiing, paddling and off-roading on public lands.






























Road trip? Here's the healthiest fast food meals


Lisa Drayer, CNN  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 7:42pm  
A road trip might mean visiting friends, family or new places. But in addition to planning a day's activities, it's just as important to think about what you'll be eating during your travels, especially if you don't want to derail your diet.






























New therapy helps Layton scoliosis patient rank nationally in archery



Heather Simonsen  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 7:11pm  
Imagine going through life with your spine curved to the side. That's the reality for more than 4 million kids in the U.S. who have scoliosis. But a new therapy is showing promise.






























Trump pushes out Priebus, names Kelly WH chief of staff



Jonathan Lemire and Jill Colvin, Associated Press  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 6:55pm  
President Donald Trump abruptly announced late Friday he was appointing Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly to be his chief of staff, ending the tumultuous six-month tenure of Reince Priebus.





































2 injured in SLC shooting, possible stabbing



Shara Park  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 6:42pm  
Two men were injured in a shooting and possible stabbing in downtown Salt Lake City early Friday morning.






























Draper fire leads to road closures on South Mountain



Jacob Klopfenstein, KSL.com  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 6:40pm  
A field fire on South Mountain in southeast Draper caused road closures in the area.






























Biskupski signs disaster declaration following Wednesday's flood



Caitlin Burchill and Sean Moody  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 6:30pm  
Salt Lake City Mayor Jackie Biskupsi said Friday she has signed a local disaster declaration in connection with Wednesday's flooding. It's the first step toward getting federal help and would need county and state support to move on.






























Missing teenage girl from Gunnison found safe in Cedar City



Liesl Nielsen, KSL.com  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 6:23pm  
A 17-year-old girl from Gunnison was found safe in Cedar City Friday afternoon after reported missing following her work shift Thursday night, the Gunnison Valley police said.































Death of child found in car in Wyoming investigated


The Associated Press  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 5:35pm  
Police in Wyoming are investigating the death of a 4-month-old child found inside a car in Laramie.






























Thank Q: Terminal cancer diagnosis sends Duchesne County K-9 into retirement


Ashley Stilson  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 5:00pm  
The Duchesne County Sheriff's Office medically retired its friendliest K-9, Q, after veterinarians found an aggressive, terminal form of cancer behind her right eye.






























Tree tents get campers off the ground and into the air


Brady McCombs, Associated Pres  |  Posted
                                      Jul 28th - 4:23pm  
Campers and outdoor enthusiasts are embracing a unique way to sleep under the stars while in the mountains or at the beach: dangling between trees on hybrid hammock-tents that get them off the ground and into portable treehouses.









Load More Stories


Browse by day








Most Viewed



                Police seek missing man after vehicle found 'under suspicious circumstances'                            



                Utah couple was celebrating anniversary on cruise                            



                Police: Man arrested after attempted kidnapping at Liberty Park                            



                3-year-old girl in critical condition after being hit by car                            



                Family discovers dog is alive after thinking she was euthanized                            



                Road trip? Here's the healthiest fast food meals                            



                2 girls hospitalized after being struck by lightning in Beaver County                            



                Senate opens 'Obamacare' debate at last but outcome in doubt                            



                Missing teenage girl from Gunnison found safe in Cedar City                            



                2 dead after SLC crash, TRAX service affected near U.                            









Markets








▲
DJIA
21830.31
+33.76


▼
Nasdaq
6374.68
-7.51


▼
S&P 500
2472.10
-3.32






Sports » 













BYU passing game showing strides in 2nd day of fall camp
 
Utah football: Fall camp starts with offensive 'buy-in;' Jaylon Johnson impresses coaches

From Left Field: Slugger chips tooth in celebration; Oregon cuts back on uniform combos

Jazz's diverse international roster finds home in Salt Lake City

For Sione Takitaki, BYU's fall camp opener a little extra special





Features » 













Single mom builds business to help other mothers in need
 
Ex-priest in Boston sex abuse scandal released from prison

Road trip? Here's the healthiest fast food meals

The Latest: GOP debate gets heated over ex-Democratic ties

California Muslim leader apologizes for remarks about Jews 




Outdoors » 













Rep. Bishop supports bill for more recreation on public lands
 
Tree tents get campers off the ground and into the air

5 of the best new products debuting at Outdoor Retailer Show

Public lands enthusiasts march, sing and chant at state Capitol

‘Wildlife are really resilient:’ Collared big game animals safe after Brian Head Fire






World » 










 

North Korean ICBM launches dim South's hopes for talks
 
The Latest: Seoul, Washington to talk over missile limits

Protesters clash with London riot police over man's death

Here is the latest news from The Associated Press at 4:40 a.m. EDT

Iran says US navy fires warning shots near its vessels 




U.S. » 










 

Union: 4th incident in 3 months at El Dorado, Kansas prison
 
McCain first saves, then kills health care repeal bill

Congress and White House operate in different worlds

Trump's six-month stall sparks a White House shake-up

Family of woman slain on cruise ship "devastated" 




Business » 










 

Alleged Russian hacker's arrest caps long cybercrime career
 
Sri Lanka, China sign long-delayed $1.5 billion port deal

Jessica Williams says it a 'great time' to be actor of color

Tesla delivers first lower-cost Model 3 cars

Only a cat seems to have more lives than 'Obamacare' 















 


















Mobile Apps | Advertise | Feedback | Contact Us | Careers with DDM | Careers with KSL

Terms of use | Privacy Statement | DMCA Notice | EEO Public File Report | KSL-TV FCC Public File | KSL FM Radio FCC Public File | KSL AM Radio FCC Public File | Closed Captioning Assistance
© 2017 KSL.com |  KSL Broadcasting  Salt Lake City UT   |  Site hosted & managed by Deseret Digital Media  -  a Deseret Media Company  v04





X

























Bain Capital Private Equity to sell Apple Leisure Group to KKR, KSL - PE Hub
























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Bain Capital Private Equity to sell Apple Leisure Group to KKR, KSL


December 13, 2016
By Luisa Beltran
 Follow @LuisaRBeltran


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Bain Capital Private Equity to sell Apple Leisure Group to KKR, KSL
KKR and KSL Capital Partners have agreed to buy Apple Leisure Group from Bain Capital Private Equity. Financial terms weren’t announced. Philadelphia-based Apple Leisure is a hospitality company that sells all-inclusive vacation packages. Credit Suisse and Kirkland & Ellis LLP served as advisors to Bain Capital Private Equity. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and Dentons served as advisors to KKR and KSL.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















KKR and KSL Capital Partners have agreed to buy Apple Leisure Group from Bain Capital Private Equity. Financial terms weren’t announced. Philadelphia-based Apple Leisure is a hospitality company that sells all-inclusive vacation packages. Credit Suisse and Kirkland & Ellis LLP served as advisors to Bain Capital Private Equity. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and Dentons served as advisors to KKR and KSL.
PRESS RELEASE
Philadelphia, PA – December 13, 2016 – Apple Leisure Group, a leading hospitality company, today announced that KKR and an affiliate of KSL Capital Partners (KSL) have entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the company from Bain Capital Private Equity. Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
Apple Leisure Group is North America’s top seller of all-inclusive vacation packages, with a vertically integrated business model that leverages its capabilities and expertise to deliver exceptional value to travelers, and distribution reach and resort management expertise for hotel owners. Apple Leisure Group’s collection of leading subsidiaries includes AMResorts (hotel management and marketing services), Amstar (the largest destination management company for Mexico and the Dominican Republic), a portfolio of travel distribution brands (Apple Vacations®, Travel Impressions®, CheapCaribbean.com®), and the exclusive Unlimited Vacation Club travel program.
“We are pleased to be partnering with KKR and KSL for our next phase of growth,” said Alex Zozaya, Chief Executive Officer of Apple Leisure Group. “They share our commitment to the vision of Apple Leisure Group as we continue to deliver great results to travelers, guests and hotel owners. We are extremely appreciative of Bain Capital Private Equity’s partnership and support in executing our growth mission and helping us strengthen our leadership position over the past four years.”
“Apple Leisure Group is a unique franchise with a differentiated market position as well as an impressive management team,” said KKR Members Paul Raether and Tagar Olson. “We are pleased to be partnering with KSL to continue to grow the company and build upon its already premier reputation in the travel industry.”
“Apple Leisure Group has emerged as a truly differentiated market leader, with a strong management team executing a strategic growth plan while continuing to deliver exceptional service and real value to leisure travelers,” said Phil Loughlin a Managing Director at Bain Capital Private Equity. “It has been a privilege to work side-by-side with this talented team as we have invested to build the business for the long-term by creating more effective collaboration among the various companies in the group and integrating several acquisitions which added value to the company’s product offerings,” added Ryan Cotton a Managing Director at Bain Capital Private Equity.
”Nearly 25 years ago, KSL first partnered with KKR to acquire premier hospitality businesses, and we are delighted to once again partner with them to invest in Apple Leisure Group,” said Richard Weissmann, a Partner of KSL. “We have spent several years searching for the right opportunity in the Caribbean, and could not be more pleased to partner with Apple Leisure Group and its talented management team and employees. With a devoted customer base and thousands of loyal members, we believe Apple Leisure Group has tremendous potential for future growth.”
The transaction is expected to close during the first quarter of 2017, and is subject to customary regulatory approvals. KKR’s investment is being made principally from its eleventh Americas Private Equity investment fund.
Credit Suisse and Kirkland & Ellis LLP served as advisors to Bain Capital Private Equity. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and Dentons served as advisors to KKR and KSL.
About Apple Leisure Group
Philadelphia-based Apple Leisure Group® is a leading hospitality company in the North American travel industry. Its vertically integrated business model and robust infrastructure leverages the expertise of six innovative subsidiaries to deliver exceptional value to savvy travelers and strong resort performance to owners. ALG’s award-winning subsidiaries include: AMResorts®, provider of hotel management services under six luxury resort brands; Apple Vacations®, the world’s largest tour operator to Mexico and the
Dominican Republic; Travel Impressions®, a prominent U.S. wholesaler possessing an extensive global portfolio; CheapCaribbean.com®, a popular online travel agency specializing in luxury vacation packages and resort accommodations in Mexico and the Caribbean; Amstar DMC, a destination management company offering premium airport transfers, tours and excursions; and Unlimited Vacation Club®, AMResorts’ popular guest loyalty program for discerning travelers who expect the very best in a vacation experience. For more information on Apple Leisure Group®, visit www.appleleisuregroup.com.
About KKR
KKR is a leading global investment firm that manages investments across multiple asset classes including private equity, energy, infrastructure, real estate, credit and hedge funds. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and driving growth and value creation at the asset level. KKR invests its own capital alongside its partners’ capital and brings opportunities to others through its capital markets business. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds. For additional information about KKR & Co. L.P. (NYSE:KKR), please visit KKR’s website at www.kkr.com and on Twitter @KKR_Co.
About KSL
KSL is a private equity firm specializing in travel and leisure enterprises in five primary sectors: hospitality, recreation, clubs, real estate and travel services. KSL has offices in Denver, CO; Stamford, CT; and London. Since 2005, KSL has raised approximately $7.4 billion in equity capital commitments. KSL’s current portfolio includes some of the premier properties in travel and leisure. For more information, please visit www.kslcapital.com
About Bain Capital Private Equity
Bain Capital Private Equity (www.baincapitalprivateequity.com) has partnered closely with management teams to provide the strategic resources that build great companies and help them thrive since our founding in 1984. Our team of more than 220 investment professionals creates value for our portfolio companies through our global platform and depth of expertise in key vertical industries including consumer/retail, financial and business services, healthcare, industrials, and technology, media and telecommunications. In addition to private equity, Bain Capital invests across asset classes including credit, public equity and venture capital, and leverages the firm’s shared platform to capture opportunities in strategic areas of focus.
 





Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Bain Capital Private Equity to sell Apple Leisure Group to KKR, KSL
KKR and KSL Capital Partners have agreed to buy Apple Leisure Group from Bain Capital Private Equity. Financial terms weren’t announced. Philadelphia-based Apple Leisure is a hospitality company that sells all-inclusive vacation packages. Credit Suisse and Kirkland & Ellis LLP served as advisors to Bain Capital Private Equity. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and Dentons served as advisors to KKR and KSL.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Cambridge Associates, Bank of America, UBS are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

 





























