


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Institutional home



















































Vanguard - DC Small/Mid Services: Our approach                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined ContributionSmall/Mid plans (startup to $20M+)








 Our approach 
 Sponsor support 
 Participant experience 
 Plan administration 
 Advisor and TPA support 
 Plan Advisor Resource Center








Select Our approachAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Participant experienceAll  

Plan administrationAll  

Advisor and TPA supportAll  

Plan Advisor Resource CenterAll  










Our approach

Leaders of small and mid-sized businesses have multiple roles and competing priorities. You want a best-in-class retirement plan but may be unsure about all the complexities and requirements. You may be uncertain about the costs and fees involved. You need a provider focused solely on retirement and aligned with your needs and goals—and fully committed to you, your participants, and the ongoing improvement of retirement investing.

Vanguard is committed to the retirement business and is a leader in the retirement plan industry. Best of all, you can benefit from Vanguard's unique ownership structure: We're owned by our clients and not by outside investors or stockholders. That means you never need to question whose interests come first for us. This approach serves as a foundation for all that we do with Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™, our 401(k) offer for small and mid-sized plans. You can count on our expertise to remove the uncertainties from managing your plan and our leadership to help you offer a strong plan for your participants. 



Key benefits




You can:

Have confidence in your plan.
Understand your costs.
Focus on your business.





Cost-conscious?
As a business owner and plan fiduciary, you want to eliminate ambiguity in retirement plan costs. Research has shown that plan costs for the smaller end of the market tend to be higher, and you need a retirement plan provider that not only provides transparent pricing but has a fair and reasonable cost structure.1
With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access:

You receive an All-in Fee Report that shows the total cost of your plan.
You have access to low-cost Vanguard index funds, plus the opportunity to choose from among more than 12,000 non-Vanguard funds.
Your annual recordkeeping price is based on a per-participant fee—a fee that doesn't jump as your assets grow, as with many small to mid-sized retirement plans.
You have flexibility in how you cover your plan costs—including a recordkeeping credit depending on the share class selected.




Too busy?
 As a business owner, you're pressed for time and focused on many aspects of business. With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access, you can rely on high-quality recordkeeping and administration to ease your administrative burden and help your employees stay on track for retirement.


1 Source: Investment Company Institute, 2014. 

















Contact us
  888-684-401K
  Email






Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
 We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.

Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart
















Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
            We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.


Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart




































































































Insights from Vanguard™

































 






































 
























Vanguard - Nonprofit services: Advisory services                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Nonprofit








 Understanding your needs 
 Advisory services 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Nonprofit resource center








Select Understanding your needsAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Nonprofit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many organizations like yours find it challenging to oversee their portfolio while also managing the day-to-day responsibilities of running their endowment, foundation, or charitable organization. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers nonprofits the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind. VIAS strives to:

Understand your organization's mission, spending needs, and unique situation and offer sophisticated, unbiased advice.
Develop a low-cost portfolio customized to your organization's needs.
Relieve your staff of many of the day-to-day burdens of investment program management.

OCIO: One service, many names


One approach nonprofits are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Investing and advising
Optimizing your portfolio to meet your long-term investment objectives requires time and skill. VIAS helps you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your investments are diversified, risk-appropriate, and aligned with your overall strategy.
Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset allocation analysis that uses a distinct, proprietary model to deliver solutions based on your portfolio needs.
Investment policy consulting designed to meet the unique investment goals of your organization.
Customized product selection that focuses on low-cost index and active investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insights into your portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Steadfast commitment to risk management and process excellence through ongoing portfolio monitoring and rebalancing.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness.





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. 

















Contact us
  888-888-7064
  Email







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 











Contact us
  888-888-7064
  E-mail







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 





































Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Contact Us | BNY Mellon Wealth Management





      Contact      Get in touch with one of our professionals.   







 





Your Info
Summary





















Wealth Management Inquiries




General Inquiries
To speak with a wealth management professional, call 866-804-5023. 

Client Access or Support
For help accessing Private Workbench, call 866-829-4073. 

Check Verifications
For banking inquiries, call 866-636-0540. 



Office Locations
BNY Mellon Wealth Management works with individuals, families and institutions wherever they are located. View our list of office locations. 
















Other Inquiries





Careers at BNY Mellon


View Job Opportunities



Employee Directory


Contact an Employee



Check Verifications










Family Office Investment Solutions


View Our Capabilities







Planned Giving Programs


View Our Capabilities



Endowments & Foundations


View Our Capabilities








  












Discover  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



        Discover How we successfully manage wealth and the types of clients we serve.     
      Who We Serve      Customized plans and services for individuals, families, advisors and institutions   



Individuals & Families
We specialize in meeting the complex investment and banking needs of wealthy individuals and their families.
Learn More



Advisors to Individuals & Families
We offer a collaborative approach and customized solutions for our clients' other professional and financial advisors.
Learn More



Family Offices
Among the first of its kind in the nation, our Family Office services feature industry-leading resources and expertise for family offices and their financial interests.
Learn More



Non-Profits
We offer a full range of investment, custody, and reporting services tailored specifically to the needs of non-profits nationwide.
Learn More



      Capabilities      Deep expertise across a wide range of wealth management services           Asset Servicing & Information Management       Asset Servicing & Information Management  As the world’s largest asset servicing provider, we make sure that your assets and information are secure through our full range of custody, administration, and reporting services.  Learn more         Credit & Lending Services       Credit & Lending Services  As the oldest U.S. private bank, we have extensive experience in credit and lending–and in the strategies that make them effective components of your wealth plan.  Learn more         Donor Advised Funds       Donor Advised Funds  We have a distinct team dedicated to the needs of donor advised fund sponsor organizations and individual donors.  Learn more         Endowment & Foundation Services       Endowment & Foundation Services  We have an experienced team dedicated exclusively to the needs of Endowments and Foundations.  Learn more         Escrow Services       Escrow Services  Escrow arrangements offer a perfect solution when you and another party require property such as cash, securities, real estate or insurance policies, to be held by a third party until certain conditions are met.  Learn more         Family Office Investment Solutions       Family Office Investment Solutions  The Family Office investment platform focuses on delivery of custom solutions constructed around each client’s unique liquidity, cash flow, tax, risk and return requirements.  Learn more         Fiduciary Services       Fiduciary Services  One of the largest banks in the world and the creator of the nation’s first trust, we are unrivaled in fiduciary experience.  Learn more         Investment Management       Investment Management  Our investment management services are dedicated exclusively to the needs of private clients.  Learn more         Jumbo Mortgages       Jumbo Mortgages  As a jumbo mortgage lender of primary and vacation homes nationwide, we have unrivaled expertise in creating and managing solutions to meet the needs of our private clients.  Learn more         Philanthropy       Philanthropy  With BNY Mellon, your charitable gifts not only serve recipients well, but also remained aligned with your strategic, philanthropic and financial goals.  Learn more         Planned Giving Services       Planned Giving Services  For more than 20 years, we have served non-profit organizations with comprehensive gift management services, tailored investment management solutions, and donor and organizational support.  Learn more         Private Banking       Private Banking  From checking, savings and online banking to sophisticated financing strategies, we respond to the evolving needs of our clients with customized solutions and personalized service.  Learn more         Self-Directed Investment Services       Self-Directed Investment Services  Our Cash Management Access Account (CMAA) combines our banking capabilities with our brokerage services in one streamlined solution.   Learn more         Wealth & Estate Planning       Wealth & Estate Planning  When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved.   Learn more       
      Contact Us Want to know more about BNY Mellon Wealth Management?  Fill in the quick contact form and we’ll connect you with the right person to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 












Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 












 














Landing Page: Executive Services 030117 - Delphi Private Advisors





































































Ready to Speak With an Advisor? Call (858) 222-8050












 


 

 
















Wealth Management for Corporate Executives
As a successful executive, you’re faced with unique challenges when it comes to managing your wealth. See how we can help.
Speak with an advisor  






A Comprehensive Approach
Our corporate executive services are designed to help you mitigate risk, minimize income taxes, plan for retirement, and manage the wealth you’ve worked so hard to build.




Diversification and Exit Strategies
When it comes time to diversify or sell your stock, you’ll find no shortage of obstacles standing in your way. We engineer comprehensive strategies that incorporate 10b5-1 plans, retirement planning, and the optimization of 401k assets.
Speak With an Advisor  




Maximization of Executive Compensation
Salary, bonuses, benefit plans, stock options, restricted stock—whatever your compensation includes, there’s a way to optimize it. We work with you to effectively utilize each component so that you get the most out of all of them.
Speak With an Advisor  



Concentrated Stock Management
The goal is to utilize concentrated stock holdings to engineer an optimal plan that helps you achieve your family’s financial goals. The team at Delphi can develop, implement, and manage a plan to efficiently leverage your concentrated stock.
Speak With an Advisor  




Risk Management
Risk is a fact of life, but having more risk than you need should be a conscious decision. With a sound financial plan, our experts help you eliminate the mismatch between your actual risk and the optimal risk needed to achieve your goals.
Speak With an Advisor  



Retirement Planning
Executives often have many levers to pull and multiple paths to take along the journey to retirement. Designing the most efficient route takes thoughtful advice, a little time, and a smart team to support you along the way.
Speak With an Advisor  




Collaboration
For corporate executives with complex financial lives, wealth management can’t be a siloed endeavor. We take a collaborative approach, working closely with your tax and legal teams to ensure our strategies comprise the best approach, across the board.
Speak With an Advisor  






Wealth Management for Corporate Executives
Our downloadable brochure, Wealth Management for Corporate Executives, outlines the comprehensive services we offer for busy leaders like you.

Mitigating and Leveraging Risk
Diversification and Exit Strategies
Maximizing Executive Compensation
Optimizing 401K and 10b5-1 Plans
Retirement Planning
Collaboration with Tax and Legal Teams














 

 Please leave this field empty.
Download Now  









Why Choose Delphi?




1
Our expert advisors have experience as business owners and executives.

2
We have a deep understanding of the risk entailed by executive compensation.



3
Our thoughtful approach emphasizes diversification and tax efficiency.

4
Our comprehensive exit strategies incorporate 10b5-1 plans and 401k assets.


















Schedule a Consultation
There's no better time than now to secure the wealth you've built.






First Name*
 


Last Name*
 

Please leave this field empty.





Email*
 


Phone
 






Message*
 
 
Or call (858) 222-8050














































	Prev Page
	






	Next Page 
	






































Lagoda Investment Management LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



























lagoda investment management lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Lagoda Investment Management, L.P. operates as an investment advisory firm. The Company provides financial advisory services to high net worth individuals, trusts, estates, and institutional clients including foundations and endowments. Lagoda Investment Management serves customers in the States of New York.




Corporate Information
Address:

3 Columbus Circle
Suite 2215
New York, NY 10019
United States


Phone:
1-212-309-7660


Fax:
1-212-975-9030


Web url:
www.lagodaim.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Richard Lyman Bayles


Limited Partner/Senior Mng Principal




Youngdawn Daniel Ha


Limited Partner/Mng Principal




Allen Williams Zern


Limited Partner




Patrick Anthony Keenan


CFO/Chief Compliance Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data













































Lagoda Investment Management, L.P. Buys Texas Pacific Land Trust, Microsoft Corp, Coca-Cola Co, ... - Nasdaq.com











































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Lagoda Investment Management, L.P. Buys Texas Pacific Land Trust, Microsoft Corp, Coca-Cola Co, ...


January 24, 2017, 04:38:02 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Lagoda Investment Management, L.P.New Purchases: TPL , MSFT , KO , JNJ, BF.B, C, GS, ICE, GLD, LVS,Added Positions:VNRX, ALXN, BRK.B, MA, XOM, Y, ESGR,Reduced Positions:SNMX, BIDU, SGEN, MACK, TTOO, XON, RNR, GOOG, PTC, NVO,Sold Out:GSK,For the details of Lagoda Investment Management, L.P.'s stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Lagoda+Investment+Management%2C+L.P.These are the top 5 holdings of Lagoda Investment Management, L.P.RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd ( RNR ) - 202,827 shares, 9.49% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 2.77%Seattle Genetics Inc ( SGEN ) - 517,829 shares, 9.38% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 8.68%Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc ( REGN ) - 73,017 shares, 9.2% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.16%Ubiquiti Networks Inc ( UBNT ) - 405,286 shares, 8.04% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.25%PTC Inc ( PTC ) - 497,750 shares, 7.91% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 2.16%New Purchase: Texas Pacific Land Trust (TPL)Lagoda Investment Management, L.P. initiated holdings in Texas Pacific Land Trust. The purchase prices were between $239.16 and $304.5, with an estimated average price of $281.99. The stock is now traded at around $321.90. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.71%. The holdings were 6,928 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Microsoft Corp (MSFT)Lagoda Investment Management, L.P. initiated holdings in Microsoft Corp. The purchase prices were between $56.92 and $63.62, with an estimated average price of $60.15. The stock is now traded at around $63.64. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.13%. The holdings were 6,179 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Coca-Cola Co (KO)Lagoda Investment Management, L.P. initiated holdings in Coca-Cola Co. The purchase prices were between $40.17 and $42.88, with an estimated average price of $41.62. The stock is now traded at around $41.91. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 4,900 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Brown-Forman Corp (BF.B)Lagoda Investment Management, L.P. initiated holdings in Brown-Forman Corp. The purchase prices were between $44.36 and $47.17, with an estimated average price of $45.67. The stock is now traded at around $45.86. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 4,208 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Johnson & Johnson (JNJ)Lagoda Investment Management, L.P. initiated holdings in Johnson & Johnson. The purchase prices were between $110.99 and $120.31, with an estimated average price of $115.51. The stock is now traded at around $111.66. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 1,395 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Citigroup Inc (C)Lagoda Investment Management, L.P. initiated holdings in Citigroup Inc. The purchase prices were between $47.03 and $61.09, with an estimated average price of $53.95. The stock is now traded at around $56.74. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.05%. The holdings were 2,300 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRK.B)Lagoda Investment Management, L.P. added to the holdings in Berkshire Hathaway Inc by 72.50%. The purchase prices were between $142.95 and $166.62, with an estimated average price of $153.96. The stock is now traded at around $160.79. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 2,415 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM)Lagoda Investment Management, L.P. added to the holdings in Exxon Mobil Corp by 209.79%. The purchase prices were between $83.32 and $92.58, with an estimated average price of $87.38. The stock is now traded at around $85.09. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.05%. The holdings were 2,215 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Alleghany Corp (Y)Lagoda Investment Management, L.P. added to the holdings in Alleghany Corp by 74.07%. The purchase prices were between $512.1 and $616.13, with an estimated average price of $557.75. The stock is now traded at around $609.05. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 470 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK)Lagoda Investment Management, L.P. sold out the holdings in GlaxoSmithKline PLC. The sale prices were between $37.39 and $43.44, with an estimated average price of $39.52.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Sign with BRK.B. Click here to check it out.BRK.B 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of BRK.BPeter Lynch Chart of BRK.BPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        RNR
                                    
, 

                                        SGEN
                                    
, 

                                        REGN
                                    
, 

                                        UBNT
                                    
, 

                                        PTC
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This is the cheapest company in the Buffett-Munger model portfolio
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







An Exciting New Drug Is in Clinical Trials for Aspreva Pharmaceuticals


						7/25/2017 02:28 PM
					



Facebook, Inc. Might Also Jump Into Smart Speaker Fray


						7/25/2017 02:18 PM
					



Why Shares of Oracle Have Soared 32% So Far This Year


						7/25/2017 02:09 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Expands e-Commerce Delivery
Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize
Liberty Media discusses potential deal with Univision -source







View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





RNR








100%



Rate It





SGEN








50%



Rate It





REGN








82%



Rate It





UBNT








100%



Rate It





PTC








50%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX














































﻿






























Lagoda Investment Management L.P. Sells 43,257 Shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Rockwell Collins, Inc. (NYSE:COL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley
Waters Corporation (NYSE:WAT) Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Company
Intel Corp (NYSE:INQ) PT Set at $30.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein
BidaskClub Upgrades Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD) to Buy
Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Stake Boosted by Level Four Advisory Services LLC
Korn/Ferry International (KFY) Upgraded at BidaskClub
Lagoda Investment Management L.P. Sells 43,257 Shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN)
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Shares Bought by Nippon Life Global Investors Americas Inc.
The Andersons, Inc. (NASDAQ:ANDE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.16
Glenmede Trust Co. NA Maintains Stake in Voya Financial, Inc. (NYSE:VOYA)
Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Lowers Position in Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc. (NASDAQ:ODFL)
Valero Energy Partners LP (NYSE:VLP) Position Lowered by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY
Akamai Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:AKAM) Position Maintained by Glenmede Trust Co. NA
Glenmede Trust Co. NA Has $3,090,000 Position in Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE:NEM)
Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) Position Raised by Baker Avenue Asset Management LP
Ferrum Crescent Limited (LON:FCR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Beaufort Securities
Ferrexpo Plc (LON:FXPO) Receives “Overweight” Rating from J P Morgan Chase & Co
Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (NYSE:CP) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts
Partner Communications Company Ltd. (NASDAQ:PTNR) Given Average Rating of “Strong Sell” by Brokerages
Oxford Instruments plc (LON:OXIG) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages



 


Lagoda Investment Management L.P. Sells 43,257 Shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN)

					Posted by Brenda Bartman on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 



Lagoda Investment Management L.P. cut its stake in  Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALXN) by 26.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 117,945 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after selling 43,257 shares during the period. Alexion Pharmaceuticals accounts for  5.5% of Lagoda Investment Management L.P.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 9th largest position. Lagoda Investment Management L.P. owned approximately 0.05% of Alexion Pharmaceuticals worth $14,300,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Alexion Pharmaceuticals by 2,689.8% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 18,628,080 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $2,258,467,000 after buying an additional 17,960,356 shares during the period.  Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of  Alexion Pharmaceuticals during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $256,066,000.  Jennison Associates LLC raised its stake in shares of  Alexion Pharmaceuticals by 15.8% in the first quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 9,622,914 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $1,166,682,000 after buying an additional 1,309,529 shares during the period.  State Street Corp increased its position in shares of  Alexion Pharmaceuticals by 6.8% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 11,298,685 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $1,369,846,000 after buying an additional 718,756 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Marshall Wace North America L.P. acquired a new position in shares of  Alexion Pharmaceuticals during the first quarter worth $65,219,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  94.75% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. alerts:



Shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) traded up 1.53% on Friday, reaching $131.79. 1,910,793 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a market capitalization of $29.59 billion, a P/E ratio of 62.79 and a beta of 1.39. Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has a one year low of $96.18 and a one year high of $145.41. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $118.10 and a 200 day moving average of $122.84. 




Alexion Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ALXN) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The biopharmaceutical company reported $1.38 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.05 by $0.33. The business had revenue of $870 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $826.63 million. Alexion Pharmaceuticals had a net margin of 14.52% and a return on equity of 11.72%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 24.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.11 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts predict that  Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. will post $5.33 EPS for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was  posted by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/23/lagoda-investment-management-l-p-lowers-stake-in-alexion-pharmaceuticals-inc-alxn-updated-updated-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts have weighed in on ALXN shares. Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $177.00 target price on shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Monday, March 27th. UBS AG started coverage on shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. They set a “buy” rating and a $138.00 price target for the company. Instinet  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $148.00 price target on shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Cowen and Company  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $180.00 target price on shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eighteen have issued  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $156.62.
In other news, CEO Ludwig Hantson acquired 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 14th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $116.72 per share, with a total value of $1,167,200.00. Following the purchase, the chief executive officer now owns 38,725 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,519,982. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Bros. Advisors Lp Baker acquired 1,348,955 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 14th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $116.32 per share, for a total transaction of $156,910,445.60. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders bought a total of 2,019,734 shares of company stock worth $235,606,846 over the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own  4.35% of the company’s stock. 
Alexion Pharmaceuticals Company Profile
Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of therapeutic products. The Company’s products include Soliris (eculizumab), Strensiq (asfotase alfa) and Kanuma (sebelipase alfa). The Company’s clinical development programs include Soliris (eculizumab), cPMP (ALXN1101), SBC-103, ALXN1210 (IV) and ALXN1210 (Subcutaneous).







Receive News & Ratings for Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Intel Corp  PT Set at $30.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein





Waters Corporation  Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Company





Rockwell Collins, Inc.  Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley





Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.  Shares Bought by Nippon Life Global Investors Americas Inc.





Lagoda Investment Management L.P. Sells 43,257 Shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 





Korn/Ferry International  Upgraded at BidaskClub






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 









































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















LAGODA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      LAGODA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, L.P.
                    

HTTPS://WWW.LAGODAIM.COM
•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Lagoda Investment Management is based out of New York. Lagoda Investment Management is a large advisory firm with  More than 100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $807,000,000 (Form ADV from 2017-02-24).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $257,675,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 79.97%. Lagoda Investment Management's largest holding is RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd with shares held of 185,840.   WhaleWisdom has at least 10 13Fs and  8 13D/G filings in our database for Lagoda Investment Management. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from LAGODA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


TPL
        
        Texas Pacific Land ...
0.308%



UBNT
        
        Ubiquiti Networks Inc
0.189%



AQB
        
        AquaBounty Technolo...
0.009%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


BIDU
         
         Baidu Inc
2.039%


ALXN
         
         Alexion Pharmaceuti...
1.224%


MACK
         
         Merrimack Pharmaceu...
1.206%


MA
         
         MasterCard Inc. Cla...
0.612%


XON
         
         Intrexon Corp
0.519%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


RNR
                                                  
                                                  RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd
10.4325%


REGN
                                                  
                                                  Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc.
10.3968%


SGEN
                                                  
                                                  Seattle Genetics Inc
9.6137%


PTC
                                                  
                                                  PTC Inc.
9.3734%


UBNT
                                                  
                                                  Ubiquiti Networks Inc
8.2336%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $257.675 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $291.194 Million
New Purchases1 stock
Additional Purchases2 stocks
Sold out of5 stocks
Reduced holdings in26 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %79.97%
Turnover %
                        [1]:16.67%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:14.81%
Time Held Top20:6.45 quarters
Time Held Top10:6.10 quarters
Time Held All:6.22 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for LAGODA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, L.P.






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
1.84%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
4.2%





Performance Metrics
Stats are not available for the latest quarter














Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-24








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-24
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

LAGODA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, L.P.
 
3 COLUMBUS CIRCLE
SUITE 2215

NEW YORK
NY
            
        10019
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          212-309-7664
Fax:
              212-975-9030


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Partnership 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
11


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      
92,704,500



            Total Number of Clients:
          
10



            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




HTTPS://WWW.LAGODAIM.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























Lagoda Investment Management













T 212-309-7660
F 212-975-9030
info@lagodaim.com 


3 Columbus Circle
                    Suite 2215
                    New York, NY 10019








Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MACK) News & Analysis






















    























































































Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Company Profile (NASDAQ:MACK)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MACK)
Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in discovering, developing and commercializing medicines consisting of therapeutics paired with companion diagnostics for the treatment of cancer. The Company has one marketed therapeutic oncology product and multiple targeted therapeutic oncology candidates in clinical development. Its advanced program is its therapeutic MM-398, which it markets in the United States under the brand name ONIVYDE. Its other clinical stage product candidates include MM-121, MM-141, MM-310, MM-302 and MM-151. The Company is developing in vitro and in vivo diagnostics for use with each of its oncology therapeutic product candidates. Its in vitro diagnostic agents employ biophysical or biochemical markers of cancer, or biomarkers. Its in vivo diagnostics take the form of imaging agents that may help identify patients likely to benefit from its therapeutic products by measuring deposition of its products in the tumor. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Medical
Industry: Biotechnology & Medical Research - NEC
Sub-Industry: Biotechnology
Symbol: NASDAQ:MACK
CUSIP: 59032810
Web: www.merrimackpharma.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $171.24 millionOutstanding Shares: 132,741,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $1.34200 Day Moving Avg: $2.6952 Week Range: $1.13 - $6.79


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: -2.02P/E Growth: -0.43Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $144.27 millionPrice / Sales: 1.21Book Value: ($2.09) per sharePrice / Book: -0.63


Profitability:EBIDTA: ($88,040,000.00)Net Margins: -105.18%Return on Assets: -135.72%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: -0.79%Current Ratio: 0.43%Quick Ratio: 0.43%Misc:Average Volume: 3.04 million shs.Beta: 2.03Short Ratio: 5.24

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MACK)
What is Merrimack Pharmaceuticals' stock symbol?

Merrimack Pharmaceuticals trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "MACK."



How often does Merrimack Pharmaceuticals pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals?

Merrimack Pharmaceuticals announced an annual dividend on Friday, April 7th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, May 17th will be paid a dividend of $1.06 per share on Friday, May 26th. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th.  View Merrimack Pharmaceuticals' Dividend History.



How were Merrimack Pharmaceuticals' earnings last quarter?

Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:MACK) posted its earnings results on Wednesday, May, 10th. The company reported ($0.22) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.07) by $0.15. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned ($0.33) EPS.  View Merrimack Pharmaceuticals' Earnings History.



Where is Merrimack Pharmaceuticals' stock going? Where will Merrimack Pharmaceuticals' stock price be in 2017?

5 analysts have issued 12 month target prices for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals' shares. Their forecasts range from $5.00 to $13.00. On average, they expect Merrimack Pharmaceuticals' share price to reach $8.33 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals.



What are analysts saying about Merrimack Pharmaceuticals stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Merrimack Pharmaceuticals stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "With the sale of Onivyde, Merrimack is back to being a development-stage biopharmaceutical company. Thus, the successful development of the three lead candidates in its pipeline is critical for Merrimack’s growth. Moreover, two of the candidates, MM-121 and MM-141, are still being evaluated in phase II studies. And the third candidate, MM-310 entered phase I study in the first quarter of 2017. Also, shares of the company have underperformed the Zacks categorized Medical Biomed/Genetics industry year to date. However, the cash received from Ipsen will be used to pay down the huge debt and return value to shareholders in the form of dividends. Estimates have remained mostly stable lately ahead of the Q2 results. The company has a mixed record of earnings surprises in recent quarters." (7/17/2017)
2. J P Morgan Chase & Co analysts commented, "Our view that 2016 consensus estimates, while achievable, are perhaps not meaningfully beatable (and 2017 needs to moderate incrementally, in our view)."Key pipeline catalysts, while underappreciated, are weighted 2Q17+."Our expectation that R&D prioritization and search for a new CEO could take time (currently no timelines outlined)."A continued financing overhang (~12 months of cash)." (10/7/2016)




Are investors shorting Merrimack Pharmaceuticals?

Merrimack Pharmaceuticals saw a decrease in short interest in the month of June. As of June 30th, there was short interest totalling 26,222,342 shares,  a decrease of 19.9% from the June 15th total of 32,722,765 shares. Based on an average daily trading volume, of 4,371,575 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is currently 6.0 days. Currently, 20.9% of the company's stock are short sold. 



Who are some of Merrimack Pharmaceuticals' key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Merrimack Pharmaceuticals include Concert Pharmaceuticals (CNCE), Puretech Health PLC (PRTC), Celldex Therapeutics (CLDX), Curis (CRIS), Nabriva Therapeutics AG (NBRV), Idera Pharmaceuticals (IDRA), Advaxis (ADXS), Codexis (CDXS), Voyager Therapeutics (VYGR), Corvus Pharmaceuticals (CRVS), Organovo Holdings (ONVO), Horizon Discovery Group PLC (HZD), Zynerba Pharmaceuticals (ZYNE), Protagonist Therapeutics (PTGX), NewLink Genetics Corporation (NLNK), Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (ABUS), Compugen (CGEN) and Asterias Biotherapeutics (AST).



Who are Merrimack Pharmaceuticals' key executives?

Merrimack Pharmaceuticals' management team includes the folowing people: Gary L. Crocker, Chairman of the BoardRichard Peters M.D., Ph.D., President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, DirectorJohn L. Green, Chief Accounting Officer, ControllerEllen K. Forest, Head of Human ResourcesSergio L. Santillana, Chief Medical OfficerUlrik B. Nielsen Ph.D., DirectorJohn M. Dineen, Independent DirectorVivian S. Lee, Independent DirectorJohn Mendelsohn M.D., Independent DirectorMichael E. Porter Ph.D., Independent Director



Who owns Merrimack Pharmaceuticals stock?

Merrimack Pharmaceuticals' stock is owned by many different of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional shareholders include Kempner Capital Management Inc. (0.11%), Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC (0.11%) and Creative Planning (0.07%). Company insiders that own Merrimack Pharmaceuticals stock include Birgit M Schoeberl, Daryl C Drummond, Edward J Stewart, Michael E Porter, Vivian S Lee and William M Mcclements. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals.



Who bought Merrimack Pharmaceuticals stock? Who is buying Merrimack Pharmaceuticals stock?

Merrimack Pharmaceuticals' stock was bought by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC and Creative Planning. Company insiders that have bought Merrimack Pharmaceuticals stock in the last two years include Michael E Porter, Vivian S Lee and William M Mcclements. View Insider Buying and Selling for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals.



How do I buy Merrimack Pharmaceuticals stock? 

Shares of Merrimack Pharmaceuticals can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Merrimack Pharmaceuticals' stock price today?

One share of Merrimack Pharmaceuticals stock can currently be purchased for approximately $1.31.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ MACK)Community Ranking:  3.1 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  169 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  107 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  276MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Merrimack Pharmaceuticals and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MACK) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 4 Hold Ratings, 1 Buy RatingConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.20)Consensus Price Target: $8.33 (536.13% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MACK)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails5/19/2017Cowen and CompanyReiterated RatingMarket PerformLow1/11/2017Robert W. BairdReiterated RatingNeutral$5.00N/A11/10/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoReiterated RatingHold$7.00N/A11/10/2016BTIG ResearchReiterated RatingNeutralN/A8/5/2016Brean CapitalSet Price TargetBuy$16.00 -> $13.00N/A5/20/2016MizuhoReiterated RatingBuy$13.00N/A12/30/2015Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.Reiterated RatingBuyN/A8/11/2015Cantor FitzgeraldReiterated RatingBuy$16.00N/A(Data available from 7/25/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MACK)Earnings History by Quarter for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ MACK)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails5/10/2017Q1 2017($0.07)($0.22)$32.16 millionViewN/A3/1/2017Q416($0.21)($0.25)$50.44 million$61.20 millionViewListen11/9/2016Q316($0.27)($0.23)$41.00 million$28.07 millionViewListen8/4/2016Q216($0.33)($0.40)$33.35 million$33.70 millionViewN/A5/2/2016Q116($0.38)($0.33)$24.16 million$21.30 millionViewN/A2/25/2016Q415($0.41)($0.41)$31.73 million$21.42 millionViewListen11/9/2015Q315($0.40)($0.38)$14.04 million$16.44 millionViewN/A8/10/2015Q215($0.31)($0.21)$17.57 million$36.60 millionViewListen5/7/2015Q1 2015($0.30)($0.32)$14.50 million$14.84 millionViewN/A2/26/2015Q4($0.23)($0.09)$25.13 million$33.91 millionViewN/A11/10/2014Q3 2014($0.12)($0.27)$61.50 million$28.00 millionViewN/A8/11/2014Q2 2014($0.32)($0.17)$10.83 million$27.82 millionViewN/A5/1/2014Q114($0.31)($0.27)$11.93 million$13.03 millionViewN/A2/27/2014($0.29)($0.33)ViewN/A11/7/2013($0.34)($0.39)ViewN/A8/8/2013Q2 2013($0.28)($0.31)$13.68 million$18.45 millionViewN/A3/14/2013Q4 2012($0.26)($1.76)$11.77 million$12.58 millionViewN/A11/14/2012Q312($1.81)$8.60 million$11.30 millionViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MACK)Current Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $-0.54 EPSNext Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $-0.65 EPS


Dividends
Dividend History by Quarter for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ MACK)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date4/7/2017Annual$1.065/30/20175/17/20175/26/2017(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MACK)Insider Ownership Percentage: 8.53%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 59.22%Insider Trades by Quarter for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MACK)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails5/12/2017Daryl C DrummondInsiderSell4,097$3.72$15,240.84  7/25/2016Birgit M SchoeberlInsiderSell50,000$5.50$275,000.00  3/17/2016Michael E PorterDirectorBuy5,000$7.20$36,000.00  3/15/2016Michael E PorterDirectorBuy5,000$7.65$38,250.00  3/8/2016Michael E PorterDirectorBuy10,000$7.09$70,900.00  3/3/2016Michael E PorterDirectorBuy15,000$6.39$95,850.00  3/1/2016Michael E PorterDirectorBuy20,000$6.11$122,200.00  2/29/2016Vivian S LeeDirectorBuy35,000$5.50$192,500.00  2/29/2016William M McclementsInsiderBuy2,000$5.72$11,440.00  1/5/2016Edward J. StewartinsiderSell4,000$8.00$32,000.00  12/1/2015Edward J. StewartinsiderSell5,000$9.33$46,650.00  11/2/2015Edward J. StewartinsiderSell6,000$9.42$56,520.00  10/16/2015Edward J. StewartinsiderSell1,000$10.00$10,000.00  10/2/2015Edward J. StewartinsiderSell5,000$8.20$41,000.00  9/1/2015Edward J. StewartinsiderSell6,000$9.88$59,280.00  8/21/2015Michael E PorterDirectorBuy5,000$9.76$48,800.00  8/17/2015Edward J. StewartinsiderSell6,000$10.49$62,940.00  8/14/2015Michael E PorterDirectorBuy13,000$10.54$137,020.00  7/20/2015Ulrik B NielsenDirectorSell20,000$10.71$214,200.00  7/15/2015Edward J StewartInsiderSell6,000$11.84$71,040.00  7/15/2015William A SullivanCFOSell15,000$11.85$177,750.00  6/19/2015Ulrik B NielsenDirectorSell40,000$12.02$480,800.00  6/18/2015Edward J StewartInsiderSell2,000$12.00$24,000.00  6/15/2015Edward J StewartInsiderSell6,000$10.67$64,020.00  6/15/2015William A SullivanCFOSell15,000$10.65$159,750.00  5/19/2015Ulrik B NielsenDirectorSell40,000$13.04$521,600.00  5/13/2015Michael E PorterDirectorBuy8,284$11.79$97,668.36  4/20/2015Ulrik B NielsenDirectorSell40,000$12.88$515,200.00  4/15/2015Edward J StewartSVPSell8,000$12.79$102,320.00  4/15/2015William A SullivanCFOSell15,000$12.87$193,050.00  4/13/2015Gordon J FehrDirectorSell20,000$13.00$260,000.00  3/24/2015Robert J MulroyCEOSell114,368$11.71$1,339,249.28  3/23/2015Robert J MulroyCEOSell10,400$11.69$121,576.00  3/20/2015Michael E PorterDirectorBuy5,000$11.77$58,850.00  3/19/2015Ulrik B NielsenDirectorSell40,000$11.97$478,800.00  3/19/2015William A SullivanCFOSell15,000$11.97$179,550.00  3/17/2015Birgit M SchoeberlInsiderSell42,234$12.00$506,808.00  3/17/2015Edward J StewartSVPSell8,000$11.95$95,600.00  3/17/2015Michael E PorterDirectorBuy1,190$11.77$14,006.30  3/16/2015Birgit M SchoeberlInsiderSell20,897$12.00$250,764.00  3/16/2015Edward J StewartSVPSell6,000$11.93$71,580.00  3/11/2015Michael E PorterDirectorBuy5,000$11.33$56,650.00  3/2/2015Michael E PorterDirectorBuy5,000$10.93$54,650.00  2/23/2015Ulrik B NielsenDirectorSell20,000$10.91$218,200.00  2/20/2015Robert J MulroyCEOSell150,000$10.94$1,641,000.00  1/15/2015Edward J StewartSVPSell6,000$11.19$67,140.00  12/24/2014William A SullivanCFOSell15,000$10.70$160,500.00  12/23/2014Vivian S LeeDirectorBuy20,000$10.23$204,600.00  12/18/2014Anthony J SinskeyDirectorSell20,000$10.31$206,200.00  12/15/2014Edward J StewartSVPSell6,000$10.63$63,780.00  12/8/2014Robert J MulroyCEOSell200,000$9.84$1,968,000.00  12/2/2014Michael E PorterDirectorBuy8,000$8.71$69,680.00  11/21/2014Michael E PorterDirectorBuy11,909$8.87$105,632.83  11/18/2014Edward J StewartSVPSell5,000$8.55$42,750.00  11/14/2014Michael E PorterDirectorBuy5,000$8.29$41,450.00  11/13/2014Gary L CrockerDirectorBuy14,390$8.47$121,883.30  11/12/2014Michael E PorterDirectorBuy40,000$8.37$334,800.00  10/23/2014Edward J StewartSVPSell3,000$9.05$27,150.00  9/30/2014William A SullivanCFOSell105,282$8.61$906,478.02  9/29/2014William A SullivanCFOSell64,404$8.40$540,993.60  9/24/2014Edward J StewartSVPSell12,000$8.22$98,640.00  6/23/2014Gary L CrockerDirectorBuy36,000$6.84$246,240.00  5/20/2014Gary CrockerDirectorBuy4,000$6.69$26,760.00  5/19/2014Gary CrockerDirectorBuy9,400$6.68$62,792.00  5/16/2014Michael PorterDirectorBuy15,000$6.49$97,350.00  5/13/2014Anthony SinskeyDirectorBuy5,000$6.74$33,700.00  5/8/2014Michael PorterDirectorBuy10,000$6.59$65,900.00  5/7/2014Gary CrockerDirectorBuy4,400$6.77$29,788.00  5/6/2014Gary CrockerDirectorBuy17,500$6.89$120,575.00  5/5/2014Michael PorterDirectorBuy15,000$6.41$96,150.00  5/5/2014Robert MulroyCEOBuy5,000$6.31$31,550.00  12/17/2013Michael PorterDirectorBuy25,000$4.75$118,750.00  12/12/2013William McclementsSVPBuy4,000$4.26$17,040.00  12/10/2013Michael PorterDirectorBuy18,000$4.38$78,840.00  12/6/2013James QuigleyDirectorBuy39,000$4.70$183,300.00  12/4/2013Robert MulroyCEOBuy33,100$4.42$146,302.00  12/3/2013Sarah NashDirectorBuy47,500$4.17$198,075.00  12/2/2013William McclementsSVPBuy2,000$4.06$8,120.00  11/29/2013Anthony SinskeyDirectorBuy3,800$3.92$14,896.00  11/27/2013Gary CrockerDirectorBuy207,000$3.72$770,040.00  12/14/2012John MendelsohnDirectorBuy5,000$6.63$33,150.00  12/13/2012Gary L CrockerDirectorBuy36,500$6.77$247,105.00  12/10/2012Michael E PorterDirectorBuy10,000$6.08$60,800.00  9/14/2012Gary L CrockerDirectorBuy64,800$8.33$539,784.00  8/24/2012James H QuigleyDirectorBuy12,500$7.55$94,375.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MACK)


Latest Headlines for Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MACK)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineMerrimack Appoints Thomas Needham as Chief Business Officer - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - July 24 at 12:43 PMMerrimack Appoints Thomas Needham as Chief Business Officerfinance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 12:42 PMEx-Akebia Employee Faces Losing Bail in Insider Trading Case - New York Timeswww.nytimes.com - July 22 at 6:15 AMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MACK) Receives Consensus Rating of "Hold" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 18 at 3:11 PMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:MACK) Upgraded to "Hold" by Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 2:52 PMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:MACK) Short Interest Down 19.9% in Junewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 15 at 7:22 AMZacks Investment Research Downgrades Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:MACK) to Sellwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 11 at 4:10 PMTechnical Snapshots for These Biotech Stocks -- Merrimack Pharma, MannKind, GlycoMimetics, and Radius Healthwww.bizjournals.com - June 29 at 1:11 AMTechnical Snapshots for These Biotech Stocks -- Merrimack Pharma, MannKind, GlycoMimetics, and Radius Health - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - June 28 at 7:43 AMShort Interest in Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MACK) Rises By 39.7%www.americanbankingnews.com - June 28 at 7:02 AMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MACK) Receives Average Rating of "Hold" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 23 at 12:37 PMKey Pharma Stocks With Advanced Developments and Breakthrough Discoverieswww.prnewswire.com - June 21 at 7:30 PMMerrimack Pharma (MACK) Completes Enrollment in Phase 2 CARRIE Study of MM-141; Data Expected in First Half of 2018www.streetinsider.com - June 19 at 11:43 AMMerrimack Announces Completion of Enrollment in Phase 2 CARRIE Study of MM-141; Data Expected in First Half of 2018finance.yahoo.com - June 19 at 11:43 AMBRIEF-Merrimack Pharmaceuticals says Richard Peters to be principal financial officer - Reuterswww.reuters.com - June 16 at 7:21 PMWhy Is Merrimack (MACK) Down 57.6% Since the Last Earnings Report?finance.yahoo.com - June 14 at 9:55 AMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Short Interest Updatewww.americanbankingnews.com - June 11 at 12:46 PMMerrimack Pharma (MACK) Names Sergio Santillana as CMO - StreetInsider.comwww.streetinsider.com - June 8 at 7:21 PMMerrimack Announces Expansion of Senior Management Team with Appointment of Sergio Santillana as Chief Medical Officer and Ellen Forest as Head of Human Resourcesfinance.yahoo.com - June 8 at 10:30 AMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Downgraded by ValuEngine to "Strong Sell"www.americanbankingnews.com - June 4 at 8:50 AMWhy Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Stock Is Tanking Today - Motley Foolwww.fool.com - June 1 at 7:14 PMAs Merrimack shares hit new low, CEO vows to stay the course - Boston Business Journalwww.bizjournals.com - June 1 at 7:14 PMWhy Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Stock Is Tanking Todaywww.fool.com - May 31 at 11:25 AMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Receives Consensus Rating of "Hold" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 29 at 12:47 PMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MACK) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for May 30, 2017 - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - May 26 at 7:13 PMMerrimack Pharma (MACK) CFO Resignswww.streetinsider.com - May 26 at 3:36 AMMerrimack Announces Management Changefinance.yahoo.com - May 26 at 3:36 AMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (mack) to Issue Annual Dividend of $1.06www.americanbankingnews.com - May 25 at 2:27 PMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Given "Market Perform" Rating at Cowen and Companywww.americanbankingnews.com - May 19 at 10:18 PMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 15 at 12:24 PMInsider Selling: Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Insider Sells 4,097 Shares of Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 12 at 8:26 PMEdited Transcript of MACK earnings conference call or presentation 10-May-17 12:30pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - May 11 at 6:56 PMMerrimack (MACK) Q1 Loss Wider than Expected, Sells Onivydefinance.yahoo.com - May 11 at 6:56 PMBRIEF-Merrimack reports Q1 loss per share $0.23www.businessinsider.com - May 11 at 4:03 AMMerrimack Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - May 10 at 5:58 PMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Releases  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.11 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 10 at 3:52 PMMerrimack's (MACK) Reports Wider-than-Expected Q1 Losswww.zacks.com - May 10 at 12:41 PMEarnings Reaction History: Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc, 36.4% Follow-Through Indicator, 4.2% Sensitivewww.nasdaq.com - May 10 at 12:41 PMMerrimack Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - May 10 at 12:41 PMInvestor Network: Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to Host Earnings Callfinance.yahoo.com - May 10 at 12:41 PMMerrimack's (MACK) Reports Wider-than-Expected Q1 Lossfinance.yahoo.com - May 10 at 12:41 PMMerrimack reports 1Q lossmarketbeat.com - May 10 at 7:04 AMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals (MACK) Receiving Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Study Findswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 3 at 9:48 AMMerrimack Announces Timing of First Quarter 2017 Investor Conference Call - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - May 3 at 8:20 AMMerrimack Announces Timing of First Quarter 2017 Investor Conference Callfinance.yahoo.com - May 2 at 7:51 PMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Given Average Rating of "Hold" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 2 at 2:48 PMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 2 at 1:56 PMSomewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (MACK) Stock Pricewww.americanbankingnews.com - April 27 at 11:38 PMWhat's in the Cards for Merrimack (MACK) in Q1 Earnings?www.zacks.com - April 27 at 6:57 PMMerrimack Pharmaceuticals (MACK) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Findswww.americanbankingnews.com - April 23 at 8:55 PM


Social





Chart
Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (MACK) Chart for Tuesday, July, 25, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/25/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff























































LAGODA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, L.P. Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com

























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






LAGODA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, L.P.






3 COLUMBUS CIRCLE, NEW YORK,  New York, 10019, (212) 309-7664


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
41


New Positions
0


Increased Positions
2


Decreased Positions
32


Positions with Activity
34


Sold Out Positions
5


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
272



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
1.2%


Basic Materials
6.86%


Industrials



Consumer Cyclicals
0.03%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
0.16%


Financials
11.81%


Healthcare
42.85%


Technology
37.09%


Telecommunication Services



Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






41 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



REGENERON PHARMACEUTICALS
COM
36,034
-2,024
(5.32)
69,133


RENAISSANCERE HOLDINGS LTD
COM
27,021
-2,470
(8.38)
185,840


PTC INC
COM
25,615
-2,125
(7.66)
459,627


ALPHABET INC
CAP STK CL C
23,466
-3,202
(12.01)
23,937


UBIQUITI NETWORKS INC
COM
22,212
886
4.16
422,129


SEATTLE GENETICS INC
COM
21,683
-6,808
(23.9)
394,090


DIGIMARC CORP NEW
COM
18,711
-1,028
(5.21)
608,493


MONSANTO CO NEW
COM
18,668
-1,785
(8.73)
158,879


NOVO-NORDISK A S
ADR
16,719
-2,055
(10.95)
399,013


ALEXION PHARMACEUTICALS INC
COM
15,420
-5,655
(26.83)
117,945


ALPHABET INC
CAP STK CL A
10,318
-671
(6.11)
10,335


INTREXON CORP
COM
9,590
-683
(6.65)
415,890


VOLITIONRX LTD
COM
9,434
-434
(4.4)
2,939,079


T2 BIOSYSTEMS INC
COM
4,604
-58
(1.24)
1,711,584


ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED
SHS
3,841
-206
(5.08)
18,820


TEXAS PAC LD TR
SUB CTF PROP I T
3,016
778
34.76
9,336


SENOMYX INC
COM
1,937
-302
(13.5)
2,391,308


MERRIMACK PHARMACEUTICALS INC
COM
1,016
-979
(49.06)
775,571


BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC DEL
CL A
515

New
2


MICROSOFT CORP
COM
428
-26
(5.81)
5,820




<< first< previous123next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            CPS Technologies Corporation Conference Call Notification
                        



	                     3:26PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Google Canada head exits, company names interim head
                        



	                     3:13PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Options traders bullish on Facebook ahead of second-quarter results
                        



	                     3:11PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Brazil's Camil files for IPO
                        



	                     3:03PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            US STOCKS-S&P 500 jumps to record high on busy earnings day
                        



	                     2:52PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX











































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Institutional home



















































Vanguard - DC Small/Mid Services: Our approach                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined ContributionSmall/Mid plans (startup to $20M+)








 Our approach 
 Sponsor support 
 Participant experience 
 Plan administration 
 Advisor and TPA support 
 Plan Advisor Resource Center








Select Our approachAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Participant experienceAll  

Plan administrationAll  

Advisor and TPA supportAll  

Plan Advisor Resource CenterAll  










Our approach

Leaders of small and mid-sized businesses have multiple roles and competing priorities. You want a best-in-class retirement plan but may be unsure about all the complexities and requirements. You may be uncertain about the costs and fees involved. You need a provider focused solely on retirement and aligned with your needs and goals—and fully committed to you, your participants, and the ongoing improvement of retirement investing.

Vanguard is committed to the retirement business and is a leader in the retirement plan industry. Best of all, you can benefit from Vanguard's unique ownership structure: We're owned by our clients and not by outside investors or stockholders. That means you never need to question whose interests come first for us. This approach serves as a foundation for all that we do with Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™, our 401(k) offer for small and mid-sized plans. You can count on our expertise to remove the uncertainties from managing your plan and our leadership to help you offer a strong plan for your participants. 



Key benefits




You can:

Have confidence in your plan.
Understand your costs.
Focus on your business.





Cost-conscious?
As a business owner and plan fiduciary, you want to eliminate ambiguity in retirement plan costs. Research has shown that plan costs for the smaller end of the market tend to be higher, and you need a retirement plan provider that not only provides transparent pricing but has a fair and reasonable cost structure.1
With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access:

You receive an All-in Fee Report that shows the total cost of your plan.
You have access to low-cost Vanguard index funds, plus the opportunity to choose from among more than 12,000 non-Vanguard funds.
Your annual recordkeeping price is based on a per-participant fee—a fee that doesn't jump as your assets grow, as with many small to mid-sized retirement plans.
You have flexibility in how you cover your plan costs—including a recordkeeping credit depending on the share class selected.




Too busy?
 As a business owner, you're pressed for time and focused on many aspects of business. With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access, you can rely on high-quality recordkeeping and administration to ease your administrative burden and help your employees stay on track for retirement.


1 Source: Investment Company Institute, 2014. 

















Contact us
  888-684-401K
  Email






Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
 We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.

Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart
















Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
            We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.


Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart




































































































Insights from Vanguard™

































 






































 
























Vanguard - Nonprofit services: Advisory services                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Nonprofit








 Understanding your needs 
 Advisory services 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Nonprofit resource center








Select Understanding your needsAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Nonprofit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many organizations like yours find it challenging to oversee their portfolio while also managing the day-to-day responsibilities of running their endowment, foundation, or charitable organization. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers nonprofits the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind. VIAS strives to:

Understand your organization's mission, spending needs, and unique situation and offer sophisticated, unbiased advice.
Develop a low-cost portfolio customized to your organization's needs.
Relieve your staff of many of the day-to-day burdens of investment program management.

OCIO: One service, many names


One approach nonprofits are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Investing and advising
Optimizing your portfolio to meet your long-term investment objectives requires time and skill. VIAS helps you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your investments are diversified, risk-appropriate, and aligned with your overall strategy.
Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset allocation analysis that uses a distinct, proprietary model to deliver solutions based on your portfolio needs.
Investment policy consulting designed to meet the unique investment goals of your organization.
Customized product selection that focuses on low-cost index and active investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insights into your portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Steadfast commitment to risk management and process excellence through ongoing portfolio monitoring and rebalancing.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness.





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. 

















Contact us
  888-888-7064
  Email







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 











Contact us
  888-888-7064
  E-mail







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 





































Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Contact Us | BNY Mellon Wealth Management





      Contact      Get in touch with one of our professionals.   







 





Your Info
Summary





















Wealth Management Inquiries




General Inquiries
To speak with a wealth management professional, call 866-804-5023. 

Client Access or Support
For help accessing Private Workbench, call 866-829-4073. 

Check Verifications
For banking inquiries, call 866-636-0540. 



Office Locations
BNY Mellon Wealth Management works with individuals, families and institutions wherever they are located. View our list of office locations. 
















Other Inquiries





Careers at BNY Mellon


View Job Opportunities



Employee Directory


Contact an Employee



Check Verifications










Family Office Investment Solutions


View Our Capabilities







Planned Giving Programs


View Our Capabilities



Endowments & Foundations


View Our Capabilities








  












Discover  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



        Discover How we successfully manage wealth and the types of clients we serve.     
      Who We Serve      Customized plans and services for individuals, families, advisors and institutions   



Individuals & Families
We specialize in meeting the complex investment and banking needs of wealthy individuals and their families.
Learn More



Advisors to Individuals & Families
We offer a collaborative approach and customized solutions for our clients' other professional and financial advisors.
Learn More



Family Offices
Among the first of its kind in the nation, our Family Office services feature industry-leading resources and expertise for family offices and their financial interests.
Learn More



Non-Profits
We offer a full range of investment, custody, and reporting services tailored specifically to the needs of non-profits nationwide.
Learn More



      Capabilities      Deep expertise across a wide range of wealth management services           Asset Servicing & Information Management       Asset Servicing & Information Management  As the world’s largest asset servicing provider, we make sure that your assets and information are secure through our full range of custody, administration, and reporting services.  Learn more         Credit & Lending Services       Credit & Lending Services  As the oldest U.S. private bank, we have extensive experience in credit and lending–and in the strategies that make them effective components of your wealth plan.  Learn more         Donor Advised Funds       Donor Advised Funds  We have a distinct team dedicated to the needs of donor advised fund sponsor organizations and individual donors.  Learn more         Endowment & Foundation Services       Endowment & Foundation Services  We have an experienced team dedicated exclusively to the needs of Endowments and Foundations.  Learn more         Escrow Services       Escrow Services  Escrow arrangements offer a perfect solution when you and another party require property such as cash, securities, real estate or insurance policies, to be held by a third party until certain conditions are met.  Learn more         Family Office Investment Solutions       Family Office Investment Solutions  The Family Office investment platform focuses on delivery of custom solutions constructed around each client’s unique liquidity, cash flow, tax, risk and return requirements.  Learn more         Fiduciary Services       Fiduciary Services  One of the largest banks in the world and the creator of the nation’s first trust, we are unrivaled in fiduciary experience.  Learn more         Investment Management       Investment Management  Our investment management services are dedicated exclusively to the needs of private clients.  Learn more         Jumbo Mortgages       Jumbo Mortgages  As a jumbo mortgage lender of primary and vacation homes nationwide, we have unrivaled expertise in creating and managing solutions to meet the needs of our private clients.  Learn more         Philanthropy       Philanthropy  With BNY Mellon, your charitable gifts not only serve recipients well, but also remained aligned with your strategic, philanthropic and financial goals.  Learn more         Planned Giving Services       Planned Giving Services  For more than 20 years, we have served non-profit organizations with comprehensive gift management services, tailored investment management solutions, and donor and organizational support.  Learn more         Private Banking       Private Banking  From checking, savings and online banking to sophisticated financing strategies, we respond to the evolving needs of our clients with customized solutions and personalized service.  Learn more         Self-Directed Investment Services       Self-Directed Investment Services  Our Cash Management Access Account (CMAA) combines our banking capabilities with our brokerage services in one streamlined solution.   Learn more         Wealth & Estate Planning       Wealth & Estate Planning  When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved.   Learn more       
      Contact Us Want to know more about BNY Mellon Wealth Management?  Fill in the quick contact form and we’ll connect you with the right person to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 












Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 












 














Landing Page: Executive Services 030117 - Delphi Private Advisors





































































Ready to Speak With an Advisor? Call (858) 222-8050












 


 

 
















Wealth Management for Corporate Executives
As a successful executive, you’re faced with unique challenges when it comes to managing your wealth. See how we can help.
Speak with an advisor  






A Comprehensive Approach
Our corporate executive services are designed to help you mitigate risk, minimize income taxes, plan for retirement, and manage the wealth you’ve worked so hard to build.




Diversification and Exit Strategies
When it comes time to diversify or sell your stock, you’ll find no shortage of obstacles standing in your way. We engineer comprehensive strategies that incorporate 10b5-1 plans, retirement planning, and the optimization of 401k assets.
Speak With an Advisor  




Maximization of Executive Compensation
Salary, bonuses, benefit plans, stock options, restricted stock—whatever your compensation includes, there’s a way to optimize it. We work with you to effectively utilize each component so that you get the most out of all of them.
Speak With an Advisor  



Concentrated Stock Management
The goal is to utilize concentrated stock holdings to engineer an optimal plan that helps you achieve your family’s financial goals. The team at Delphi can develop, implement, and manage a plan to efficiently leverage your concentrated stock.
Speak With an Advisor  




Risk Management
Risk is a fact of life, but having more risk than you need should be a conscious decision. With a sound financial plan, our experts help you eliminate the mismatch between your actual risk and the optimal risk needed to achieve your goals.
Speak With an Advisor  



Retirement Planning
Executives often have many levers to pull and multiple paths to take along the journey to retirement. Designing the most efficient route takes thoughtful advice, a little time, and a smart team to support you along the way.
Speak With an Advisor  




Collaboration
For corporate executives with complex financial lives, wealth management can’t be a siloed endeavor. We take a collaborative approach, working closely with your tax and legal teams to ensure our strategies comprise the best approach, across the board.
Speak With an Advisor  






Wealth Management for Corporate Executives
Our downloadable brochure, Wealth Management for Corporate Executives, outlines the comprehensive services we offer for busy leaders like you.

Mitigating and Leveraging Risk
Diversification and Exit Strategies
Maximizing Executive Compensation
Optimizing 401K and 10b5-1 Plans
Retirement Planning
Collaboration with Tax and Legal Teams














 

 Please leave this field empty.
Download Now  









Why Choose Delphi?




1
Our expert advisors have experience as business owners and executives.

2
We have a deep understanding of the risk entailed by executive compensation.



3
Our thoughtful approach emphasizes diversification and tax efficiency.

4
Our comprehensive exit strategies incorporate 10b5-1 plans and 401k assets.


















Schedule a Consultation
There's no better time than now to secure the wealth you've built.






First Name*
 


Last Name*
 

Please leave this field empty.





Email*
 


Phone
 






Message*
 
 
Or call (858) 222-8050














































	Prev Page
	






	Next Page 
	







































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












U.S. Trust - Investment Management




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Investment Management
Insights, Strategies and Solutions
Our experienced professionals have expertise in a broad spectrum of traditional, alternative and non-financial assets.  We can work with you to develop and manage a portfolio tailored to your needs.






Portfolio Consulting
A collaborative dialogue with your portfolio manager
Your portfolio manager is a key member of your U.S. Trust relationship team and serves as your personal "chief investment officer." He or she will work with you to create an Investment Policy Statement, which serves as a blueprint for your portfolio by documenting your:

Objectives
Risk tolerance
Cash flow needs
 Tax situation
Wealth aspirations

Your portfolio manager's ongoing role is to incorporate our best strategic and tactical thinking, most relevant research analysis, current market insights and appropriate investment solutions into your portfolio. He or she will regularly monitor your portfolio to make sure it conforms to your Investment Policy Statement, which will be updated whenever there are significant changes in your life or goals.
Asset management
A more complete approach to asset allocation1
We analyze a wide range of asset classes, including hedge and private equity funds2 and global investment opportunities, as potential components of an asset allocation. In addition, we believe that true diversification requires managing for cash flows across and within asset classes in various market environments — not simply allocating according to a grid.
Your asset allocation will be based on the long-term expectations established for each asset class by our most senior investment professionals. Over the shorter term, however, your portfolio manager can adjust your portfolio tactically in response to emerging opportunities and risks, and reflecting U.S. Trust insights about trends and themes relevant to you.
How you own your assets — personally or in trusts; in taxable or tax-exempt solutions — can have a material impact on the overall performance of your portfolio. At U.S. Trust we focus on this wealth structuring aspect of your portfolio in conjunction with managing the assets themselves.
Alternative Investments
SOPHISTICATED SOLUTIONS TO MEET YOUR NEEDS2
Alternative investments at U.S. Trust focus on non-traditional assets such as:

Hedge funds
Private equity
Real estate and tangible assets

Because performance is often differentiated from equity and fixed income markets, alternative investments may be an ideal complement to traditional investments. 
Through our access to the industry's premier managers, we are able to offer solutions that provide options for all client segments. And we support you every step of the way with knowledge built on our experience in alternatives, including industry-leading research, rigorous due diligence, and cutting-edge portfolio construction.
Drawing from the experience, resources and expertise of the firm, you and your portfolio manager can explore alternative investments that can help you pursue what matters most to you.
Specialty asset management
Expertise in nonfinancial assets3
Specialty asset management at U.S. Trust focuses on nonfinancial assets such as:

Farm and ranch land
Timberland
Oil and gas properties
Private businesses
Real estate

Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist, as appropriate, to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
We can help you realize your objectives with assets you already own, or help you acquire specific assets to take advantage of their capital growth and diversification potential — whether you own these assets outright or they are held in trust.
Our team of specialists can provide complete turnkey services including identifying and purchasing real property and providing ongoing management.
Capital markets
Sophisticated market-linked solutions4
Through our access to the resources of Merrill Lynch, one of the world's leading capital markets participants, we can tailor approaches to risks and opportunities in the foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity and equity markets. Derivative-based transactions target the risks you seek to hedge, and are designed to dovetail with your overall portfolio and wealth management strategies.

1 Asset allocation and diversification do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
2 Alternative Investments such as derivatives, hedge funds, private equity funds, and funds of funds can result in higher return potential but also higher loss potential. Changes in economic conditions or other circumstances may adversely affect your investments. Before you invest in alternative investments, you should consider your overall financial situation, how much money you have to invest, your need for liquidity, and your tolerance for risk. Alternative investments are speculative and involve a high degree of risk.
3 Nonfinancial assets, such as closely-held businesses, real estate, oil, gas and mineral properties, and timber, farm and ranch land, are complex in nature and involve risks including total loss of value.  Special risk considerations include natural events (for example, earthquakes or fires), complex tax considerations, and lack of liquidity.  Nonfinancial assets are not suitable for all investors.  Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager, and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax, or estate planning strategy.
4 Brokerage services are provided by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Certain U.S. Trust associates are registered representatives with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S") and may assist you with investment products and services provided through MLPF&S and other nonbank investment affiliates. MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp."). U.S. Trust operates through Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp.
AR-ARY4G4DX-EXP-2017.06.17 






Videos:


Investment Management




Portfolio Construction



Fixed Income Solutions



Specialty Asset Manangement

View More Videos






You Might Also Be Interested In:

Wealth Structuring
Credit & Banking
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Institutional Investment Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

A Transforming World


Impact Investing




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






352F5F6B (JCF*******802)




   






	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































