


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Dynamic Global Bond Fund (RPIEX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Dynamic Global Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPIEX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments



			
			 	 Formerly T. Rowe Price Global Unconstrained Bond Fund
			 	 				 	 
			
		







 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$9.85
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								-1.89%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.78
							
							-
							
								$10.22
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$358.54

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Dynamic Global Bond Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Nontraditional Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The objective is to seek high current income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/24/2017)
								
							



						
						
							0.63%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.19%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.10%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					0.20%
				
			

				
					0.20%
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 2.76%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							2.76%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							January 22, 2015
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.16%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.65%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							April 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                




















Bond funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Fund categories
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps








Vanguard bond funds


94% of our low-cost bond funds performed better than their peer-group averages over the past 10 years.*




Find income and stability with bond funds
Get higher potential for income



Bond mutual funds give your portfolio the opportunity to earn income, unlike money market funds (which focus on protecting your cash) and stock funds (which aim for long-term growth).

Add stability to your portfolio



When included in a well-balanced portfolio, bond funds can help balance the risks associated with stock funds.

Spread out your exposure to risk



By potentially holding hundreds—sometimes thousands—of bonds in a single fund, you get more diversification than you would buying individual bonds.

Get broad exposure to the bond markets



You can use just a few funds to complete the bond portion of your portfolio. Each of these index funds gives you access to a wide variety of bonds in a single, diversified fund.






Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund holds more than 5,000 domestic investment-grade bonds.

Vanguard Total International Bond Index Fund holds about 3,000 non-U.S. bonds.


Get details on Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund

Get details on Vanguard Total International Bond Index Fund


How to choose a bond fund



There are a few questions to ask yourself while you're considering the right bond fund for your portfolio:

Am I investing outside of an IRA or other retirement account?



If you're in one of the highest tax brackets and investing outside of your retirement account, you may be able to reduce your tax exposure with a tax-exempt bond fund.
Find out if tax-exempt mutual funds are right for you
Cut your federal tax bill with a national tax-exempt fund. Get added state-tax savings if you live in:

				California

				Massachusetts

				New Jersey

				New York

				Ohio

				Pennsylvania


See a list of Vanguard tax-exempt bond funds


Do I want domestic or international bonds?



Investing in both U.S. and international bond funds can add another level of diversification to an already well-balanced portfolio.

How much risk am I comfortable with?



Knowing the general traits used to identify the different bonds within a bond fund can help you determine your overall tolerance for risk.

Average maturity. Bond funds come with short-, intermediate-, or long-term maturities. The longer the maturity, the more sensitive the fund is to changes in interest rates.

Credit quality. Bonds that are backed by the government or one of its agencies have the best "creditworthiness" and a lower chance of default than most corporate bonds. Corporate bonds with high credit quality are considered investment-grade bonds, and those below investment-grade are considered high-yield ("junk") bonds.



Would I prefer index or active funds?



Do you feel more comfortable tracking the market, or would you rather try to beat it?

Index funds try to track the performance of a specific market benchmark.

Actively managed funds are steered by our expert portfolio managers who select specific securities for the fund. While this gives you the chance to beat the benchmark, any actively managed fund could just as easily miss the mark.


Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds


Do I want to keep pace with inflation?



Inflation-protected bond funds invest in government bonds and are routinely adjusted for inflation.
See a complete list of Vanguard bond funds






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



LEARN ABOUT OTHER FUND TYPES

Money market funds

Balanced funds

Stock funds

International funds

Sector & specialty funds
NEED SOME GUIDANCE?

Get help & advice to narrow your options





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Bond mutual funds







A bond mutual fund invests in a variety of individual bonds, each of which represents debt—an IOU—issued by a U.S. or international corporation, municipality, or government.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Maturity/Maturity date







The date when the issuer of a money market instrument or bond agrees to repay the principal, or face value, to the buyer.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Investment-grade bond







A bond whose credit quality is considered to be among the highest by independent bond-rating agencies.




Return to main page







Layer opened.High-yield ("junk") bond







A bond with a credit rating of BBB/Baa or lower. Known as "high yield" because of the rewards offered to those who are willing to take on the additional risks of a lower-quality bond.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Market benchmark







An unmanaged group of securities whose overall performance is used as a standard to measure investment performance.




Return to main page








footnote*For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 51 of 54 Vanguard bond funds outperformed their Lipper peer-group averages. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds and ETFs (exchange-traded funds) with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. The competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. View fund performance
	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
	Bond funds are subject to interest rate risk, which is the chance bond prices overall will decline because of rising interest rates, and credit risk, which is the chance a bond issuer will fail to pay interest and principal in a timely manner or that negative perceptions of the issuer's ability to make such payments will cause the price of that bond to decline. Investments in bonds issued by non-U.S. companies are subject to risks including country/regional risk and currency risk.
	Vanguard average stock fund expense ratio: 0.12%; industry average stock fund expense ratio: 0.69%. Vanguard average bond fund expense ratio: 0.09%; industry average bond fund expense ratio: 0.60%. Vanguard average money market fund expense ratio: 0.14%; industry average money market fund expense ratio: 0.30%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01































Bond funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Fund categories
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps








Vanguard bond funds


94% of our low-cost bond funds performed better than their peer-group averages over the past 10 years.*




Find income and stability with bond funds
Get higher potential for income



Bond mutual funds give your portfolio the opportunity to earn income, unlike money market funds (which focus on protecting your cash) and stock funds (which aim for long-term growth).

Add stability to your portfolio



When included in a well-balanced portfolio, bond funds can help balance the risks associated with stock funds.

Spread out your exposure to risk



By potentially holding hundreds—sometimes thousands—of bonds in a single fund, you get more diversification than you would buying individual bonds.

Get broad exposure to the bond markets



You can use just a few funds to complete the bond portion of your portfolio. Each of these index funds gives you access to a wide variety of bonds in a single, diversified fund.






Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund holds more than 5,000 domestic investment-grade bonds.

Vanguard Total International Bond Index Fund holds about 3,000 non-U.S. bonds.


Get details on Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund

Get details on Vanguard Total International Bond Index Fund


How to choose a bond fund



There are a few questions to ask yourself while you're considering the right bond fund for your portfolio:

Am I investing outside of an IRA or other retirement account?



If you're in one of the highest tax brackets and investing outside of your retirement account, you may be able to reduce your tax exposure with a tax-exempt bond fund.
Find out if tax-exempt mutual funds are right for you
Cut your federal tax bill with a national tax-exempt fund. Get added state-tax savings if you live in:

				California

				Massachusetts

				New Jersey

				New York

				Ohio

				Pennsylvania


See a list of Vanguard tax-exempt bond funds


Do I want domestic or international bonds?



Investing in both U.S. and international bond funds can add another level of diversification to an already well-balanced portfolio.

How much risk am I comfortable with?



Knowing the general traits used to identify the different bonds within a bond fund can help you determine your overall tolerance for risk.

Average maturity. Bond funds come with short-, intermediate-, or long-term maturities. The longer the maturity, the more sensitive the fund is to changes in interest rates.

Credit quality. Bonds that are backed by the government or one of its agencies have the best "creditworthiness" and a lower chance of default than most corporate bonds. Corporate bonds with high credit quality are considered investment-grade bonds, and those below investment-grade are considered high-yield ("junk") bonds.



Would I prefer index or active funds?



Do you feel more comfortable tracking the market, or would you rather try to beat it?

Index funds try to track the performance of a specific market benchmark.

Actively managed funds are steered by our expert portfolio managers who select specific securities for the fund. While this gives you the chance to beat the benchmark, any actively managed fund could just as easily miss the mark.


Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds


Do I want to keep pace with inflation?



Inflation-protected bond funds invest in government bonds and are routinely adjusted for inflation.
See a complete list of Vanguard bond funds






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



LEARN ABOUT OTHER FUND TYPES

Money market funds

Balanced funds

Stock funds

International funds

Sector & specialty funds
NEED SOME GUIDANCE?

Get help & advice to narrow your options





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Bond mutual funds







A bond mutual fund invests in a variety of individual bonds, each of which represents debt—an IOU—issued by a U.S. or international corporation, municipality, or government.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Maturity/Maturity date







The date when the issuer of a money market instrument or bond agrees to repay the principal, or face value, to the buyer.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Investment-grade bond







A bond whose credit quality is considered to be among the highest by independent bond-rating agencies.




Return to main page







Layer opened.High-yield ("junk") bond







A bond with a credit rating of BBB/Baa or lower. Known as "high yield" because of the rewards offered to those who are willing to take on the additional risks of a lower-quality bond.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Market benchmark







An unmanaged group of securities whose overall performance is used as a standard to measure investment performance.




Return to main page








footnote*For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 51 of 54 Vanguard bond funds outperformed their Lipper peer-group averages. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds and ETFs (exchange-traded funds) with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. The competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. View fund performance
	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
	Bond funds are subject to interest rate risk, which is the chance bond prices overall will decline because of rising interest rates, and credit risk, which is the chance a bond issuer will fail to pay interest and principal in a timely manner or that negative perceptions of the issuer's ability to make such payments will cause the price of that bond to decline. Investments in bonds issued by non-U.S. companies are subject to risks including country/regional risk and currency risk.
	Vanguard average stock fund expense ratio: 0.12%; industry average stock fund expense ratio: 0.69%. Vanguard average bond fund expense ratio: 0.09%; industry average bond fund expense ratio: 0.60%. Vanguard average money market fund expense ratio: 0.14%; industry average money market fund expense ratio: 0.30%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01
























































Vanguard home







Warning
This page won't work properly unless JavaScript is enabled.












For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 9 of 9 Vanguard money market funds... Show more...


For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 9 of 9 Vanguard money market funds, 51 of 54 Vanguard bond funds, 23 of 23 Vanguard balanced funds, and 124 of 135 Vanguard stock funds—for a total of 207 of 221 Vanguard funds—outperformed their Lipper peer-group average. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds and ETFs (exchange-traded funds) with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. Note that the competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results, and all investments are subject to risks. See the most recent performance of our funds
All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of money you invest.
Investments in bonds are subject to interest rate, credit, and inflation risk.
Show less





















Vanguard funds list - index and active mutual funds | Vanguard


















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Fund categories
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps
















Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



WANT HELP CHOOSING?

Start with our investor questionnaire

Partner with a Vanguard advisor
INVESTOR EDUCATION

Define your goals & have a plan for achieving them

See how 9 model portfolios have performed in the past
INTERESTED IN EXCHANGE-TRADED FUNDS?

Compare ETFs vs. mutual funds












CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01














































































Vanguard - Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund Admiral Shares



















Warning: Vanguard.com will not work properly with  JavaScript disabled!










    
  
   








Vanguard homeWarningThis page won't work properly unless JavaScript is enabled.




    
  
   




    
  
   




    
  
   




    
  
   




  Insert Ticker Here  
 






 
   
































    
 All-in-one funds
A diversified portfolio in a single fund 
   



    
 Vanguard Select Funds™
A short list of well-established funds 
   



    
 All our funds

›By fund name›By asset class 
   


Search our funds





There are errors on this page. Mouse over a highlighted field for more information.





  





  

    
 




Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund Admiral Shares (VBTLX)
Also available as Investor Shares mutual fund and an ETF.


  
  
  








 Overview
 Price & Performance
 Portfolio & Management
 Fees & Minimums
 Distributions
 News & Reviews











  
  
  



 
   
















































































































American Funds



































































































All Funds | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American Funds                                















American Funds















 ALL FUNDS


INVESTMENT TRACKER

-- FUNDS
								


COMPARE FUNDS


DOWNLOAD DATA
























Returns


			|
		

Daily Prices & Yields


			|
		

Symbols & Fund Numbers

			
|			
Literature







FILTER BY


Objective


Growth
Growth & Income
Equity-Income
Balanced
Bond
Tax-Exempt Bond
Money Market Funds
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
College Target Date
Retirement Target Date





Or



Asset Type 
					


Equity
Balanced
Fixed Income Taxable
Fixed Income tax exempt
Money Market







Investment Tracker
--
 Funds


					Add American Funds to your Investment Tracker by checking boxes below and choosing the Add To Tracker link above or below the table.
				





 American Funds

		Important: Class B and 529-B shares were no longer available for purchase as of April 21, 2009. All B and 529-B shares finished converting to A and 529-A shares on April 10, 2017.
	
















Share Class 
							



A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6






Returns
								









Monthly








Quarterly










at MOP/with CDSC








at NAV














Show Indices







ADD TO TRACKER





 PRINT

















Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















Fund Name

		Prices & Returns


		Yields
		



Price 
				
	
Change  ($)
			
	
Change  (%)
			
	
YTD
		
	

7-Day
		 SEC Yield at NAV
		
	
30-day SEC Yield NAV


12-Month Dist. Rate at NAV
		




At NAV as of -- (updated daily)
As of -- (updated monthly)








Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















1- of  results
0 results



ADD TO TRACKER


















































































































































American Funds Strategic Bond Fund - ANBAX | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American Funds Strategic Bond Fund                                                SM


















BOND FUNDS


American Funds Strategic Bond Fund SM
(ANBAX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Multisector Fund Majoring in Rates and Minoring in Credit.						  
A flexible core fund that will rely on high-conviction ideas, which may primarily involve active management of duration, yield curve and inflation expectations with a focus on risk management and monitoring. Can invest in extended bond sectors on an opportunistic basis.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$10.31					
as of 07/24/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$435.5
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

3					


Expense Ratio 
					

1.03%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



1.12%
1-year return

        


--
5-year return

        


3.42%
Lifetime return
				(03/18/2016)




2.36%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-2.66%
1-year return

        


--
5-year return

        


0.38%
Lifetime return
				(03/18/2016)




2.36%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds69.5%

Non-U.S. Bonds23.5%



Cash & Equivalents7.0%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	



Read important investment disclosures



Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.

 






Fund Statistics 
			




8.8 years
Average Life 


3.0 years
Average Duration 


2.3%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


0.8%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Limited Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund’s investment objective is to provide maximum total return consistent with preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

A multi-sector fund that acts like a bond fund. Its relatively small concentration in high-yield bonds is designed to result in a low correlation to equities.					



						Types of Investments
					

Government debt and agency bonds, corporate bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, emerging markets debt, non-U.S., municipals and high-yield.					





			            Maturity
			        

The bond maturities that the fund targets will vary depending on the current strategy being implemented.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest no more than 50% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality) at the time of purchase, including high-yield corporate bonds or those issued by developing country governments and companies. The fund may invest up to 10% of its assets in equity securities and certain securities with a combination of debt and equity characteristics. The fund may invest up to 50% of its assets in securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The fund may invest up to 40% of its assets in securities of emerging market issuers.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							03/18/2016

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$435.5

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							100+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							12,766

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							539%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							02631E 10 2

						Fund Number
						
					
							30112












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ANBAX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ANBAX





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ANBAX through 07/24/2017.
            

 ANBAX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

0.72%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

0.70%					

2.36%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



David A. Hoag

29
26
1



Damien J. McCann

17
17
1



Ritchie Tuazon

17
6
1



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (--)


						--
				


3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


						--
				


5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


						--
				


10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


--




Overall Morningstar Risk 


--





Category 

					Multisector Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
						-- 
						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated














Expense Within Category  Funds Rated














Preservation Within Category Funds Rated














Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated














Total Return Within Category Funds Rated
















Category
Multi-Sector Income Fds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST









Risk Measures

For the 3 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

                                -- 
                        


Sharpe Ratio 

                                -- 
                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

                                -- 
                        


Beta 

                                -- 
                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
--/--










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
36.6%


AAA/Aaa
0.6%


AA/Aa
6.1%


A
17.3%


BBB/Baa
21.4%


BB/Ba
6.0%


B
2.6%


CCC & Below
1.1%


Unrated
1.3%


Cash & equivalents
7.0%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
14.5%


5-9.9 Years
61.2%


10-19.9 Years
4.1%


20-29.9 Years
12.0%


30+ Years
1.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
45.3%


Financials
8.1%


Health Care
7.3%


Energy
6.9%


Consumer discretionary
4.3%


Utilities
3.9%


Information technology
3.6%


Industrials
3.5%


Consumer staples
3.2%


Materials
2.9%


Telecommunication services
1.2%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.4%









U.S. Treasury bonds & notes
36.6%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
9.7%







Municipal securities
1.1%







Other bonds & notes
0.3%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

36.7%



Japan

5.3%



India Government

2.6%



Broadcom

1.6%



Shire

1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
69.50%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
10.30%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
6.00%


Cash & equivalents
7.00%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

10.7%
			


Japanese yen
5.4%


Euros
1.7%


Other currencies
3.6%


U.S. Dollar
89.3%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
69.5%


Japan
5.7%


United Kingdom
3.3%


Canada
2.8%


India
2.6%


Australia
2.0%


Brazil
1.3%


Switzerland
1.1%


Kuwait
0.8%


Portugal
0.8%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/17/17
03/17/17
03/20/17
$0.02
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.12


06/16/17
06/16/17
06/19/17
$0.02
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.28






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.04


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.04




				 as of 7/24/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.57%


Other Expenses
0.16%


Service 12b-1
0.30%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio




Gross
Net


Fund
	

1.03%
1.01%


Lipper 		 Multi-Sector Income
 Funds Average
	



					1.06%
				








Resources






			Literature for ANBAX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
04/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16




Annual Report
(PDF) 
02/17




Q&A
(PDF) 
06/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (ANBAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Friday, March 18, 2016) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (2016), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (ANBAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Multi-Sector Income Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ANBAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.














































































































































The Bond Fund of America - ABNDX | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ The Bond Fund of America                                                ®


















BOND FUNDS


The Bond Fund of America ®
								(ABNDX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Core Bond Portfolio With Broad Diversification.						  
Our most diversified bond fund invests in nearly every sector of the bond market, with a focus on securities rated A or above.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$12.97					
as of 07/24/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$34,575.9
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

7					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.61%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



0.24%
1-year return

        


2.27%
5-year return

        


3.12%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-3.51%
1-year return

        


1.49%
5-year return

        


2.73%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds81.3%

Non-U.S. Bonds13.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.4%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures


Fixed-Income



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 fixed income   
																				  funds
		

 ABNDX
 Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Fund Statistics 
			




7.1 years
Average Life 


5.2 years
Average Duration 


3.0%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


2.9%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objective is to provide as high a level of current income as is consistent with the preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Broadly diversified fixed-income fund with flexibility to respond to various bond market conditions.					



						Types of Investments
					

Primarily invests in corporate debt securities, U.S. and other government securities, mortgage-related securities and cash.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

May invest up to 25% of assets in fixed-income securities of corporations and government entities outside the United States.			         



			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund generally invests at least 80% of its assets in bonds, including corporate bonds, U.S. government securities and money market instruments. At least 60% of its assets will be invested in securities rated A3/A- or better at the time of purchase (or unrated but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality). It is the fund’s current practice not to invest more than 10% of its assets in debt securities rated Ba1 and BB+ or below.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							05/28/1974

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$34,575.9

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							710+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							1,223,218

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Monthly



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							--

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							363%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							097873 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							8












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ABNDX through 07/24/2017.
            

 ABNDX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

1.78%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

1.71%					

1.80%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Pramod Atluri

19
1
1



Andrew F. Barth

32
32
7



David J. Betanzos

17
15
1



David A. Hoag

29
26
8



Fergus N. MacDonald

25
14
2



Robert H. Neithart

30
30
8



John H. Smet

35
34
28



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (856)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(856 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(767 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(540 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Above Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Intermediate-Term Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated


(422)



(422)



(382)



(287)



Expense Within Category  Funds Rated


(128)



(128)



(124)



(102)



Preservation Within Category Funds Rated



							(5783)



(5783)



(4861)



(3179)



Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)



Total Return Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)





Category
Core Bond Funds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST


 As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

4.35                        


Sharpe Ratio 

0.61                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

56                        


Beta 

1.00                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
135/93










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
28.7%


AAA/Aaa
29.7%


AA/Aa
4.2%


A
12.6%


BBB/Baa
16.5%


BB/Ba
2.0%


B
0.5%


CCC & Below
0.1%


Unrated
0.3%


Cash & equivalents
5.4%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
44.5%


5-9.9 Years
40.3%


10-19.9 Years
1.5%


20-29.9 Years
8.1%


30+ Years
0.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
31.4%


Financials
7.6%


Health Care
5.1%


Energy
4.7%


Utilities
3.4%


Consumer discretionary
3.3%


Consumer staples
1.8%


Information technology
1.4%


Other corporate bonds & notes
1.3%


Industrials
1.1%


Telecommunication services
1%


Materials
0.7%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
28.7%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
21.9%


Agency
20.3%


Non-Agency
1.1%


Commercial
0.5%









Asset-backed obligations
9%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
2.4%







Municipal securities
1.2%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

28.6%



Fannie Mae

8.3%



Freddie Mac

7.9%



Ginnie Mae

4.0%



Chase Issuance Trust

1.6%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
81.30%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
2.40%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
3.70%


Cash & equivalents
5.40%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

2.8%
			


Japanese yen
2.3%


Mexican peso
0.1%


Euros
0.1%


Other currencies
0.3%


U.S. Dollar
97.2%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
81.3%


United Kingdom
1.8%


Germany
1.5%


Canada
1.1%


Japan
1.0%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS

CURRENT DAILY DIVIDENDS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




Daily
01/31/17
02/01/17
$0.0181691
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.76


Daily
02/28/17
03/01/17
$0.0174214
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.82


Daily
03/31/17
04/03/17
$0.0230002
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.80


Daily
04/28/17
05/01/17
$0.0202585
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.88


Daily
05/31/17
06/01/17
$0.0184525
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.95


Daily
06/30/17
07/03/17
$0.0191101
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.92






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.11641176


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.11641176




				 as of 7/24/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


0.00170955
07/24/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date





Daily

01/31/2017
02/01/2017








 






 











						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


0.00170955
07/24/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.19%


Other Expenses
0.18%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.61%


Lipper 		 Core Bond
 Funds Average
	


0.81%			








Resources






			Literature for ABNDX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Fund Highlights
(PDF) 
05/17











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Tuesday, May 28, 1974) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1974), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Core Bond Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ABNDX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.















































































Fixed Income Center




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 
























Navigating Global Bond Markets















Navigating Global Bond Markets

 / 























The Global Bond Markets Are Changing





The global bond market is undergoing a series of profound changes, challenging the traditional role of income and stability that bonds have played and creating new opportunities. We believe investors should understand these changes and adapt their portfolios to the new fixed-income landscape.











Interest Rates May Challenge Investors
 






Opportunities Exist Across the Globe, Across the Spectrum
 






Divergence in Global Growth
 






Lower Liquidity, May Mean Higher Volatility
 











Can Your Portfolio Keep Up?





We believe investors should consider dynamic and flexible fixed income investments that attempt to neutralize or even benefit from rising interest rates. Investors should also consider strategies that seek value across all sectors of the global fixed income market, allowing them to diversify geographically and take advantage of diverging growth patterns.  Overall investors may prefer highly liquid mutual funds for their long-term investments, not individual bonds, and money market funds for their short-term investments.









Explore Our Products





GS Strategic Income Fund

	       A Flexible Global Bond Portfolio Designed to Serve as a Core Income-Oriented Investment
	    

GSZIX 





GS Dynamic Municipal Income Fund

	       Helps Navigate a Changing Municipal Bond Market
	    

GSMTX 





GS Global Income Fund

	       A U.S. Dollar-Hedged Fund that Provides Access to Global High-Quality Bonds
	    

GSGLX 





GS High Quality Floating Rate Fund

	       A Money Market Fund Seeking a High Level of Current Income With Low Volatility of Principal
	    

GSARX 










The GSAM Global Fixed Income Team





In the past, fixed income managers only had to make three investment decisions: the direction of interest rates, the allocation to government and corporate bonds, and the selection of individual securities. Today, multiple factors may impact the global bond markets making a skilled manager essential.
The GSAM Global Fixed Income team has experience actively investing across the global spectrum. With more than 225 investment professionals located in major markets around the world, including New York, London and Tokyo, the team has the breadth and depth to cover every sector of the global fixed income market, employing industry-leading risk management capabilities with proprietary risk models comprising more than 800 unique risk factors. With more than $471 billion in assets under management, the team pursues strong, consistent performance across the fixed income market. 










Related Insights















 Markets Brace for Bear Case

 There are grounds for concern and potential drivers of volatility in 2016. However, we still see opportunities in select areas and relative value strategies. 


















												Where We See Value in High Yield Bonds
											


We believe select areas of the high-yield bond market can offer attractive compensation relative to today’s increased fundamental risk.










												Three Reasons to Consider Global Bonds Now
											


Having a purely domestic bond exposure may have served investors well in the past, but we believe a changing fixed-income landscape creates a new logic to consider international bonds.

















                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               


















































2017 Investment Outlook




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in










Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          

















2017 Investment Outlook


































The Long Cycle Continues





We expect the long post-crisis economic recovery to continue in 2017. As a base case, we think growth is poised to broaden out to more countries, with the global economy drawing on more sources of strength than at any point since 2010.
From an investment perspective, our base case view is broadly supportive for risk assets. We prefer equities over credit and credit over rates, but we expect low returns from these traditional exposures given 1) elevated valuations, 2) limited upside for corporate earnings from current levels and 3) limits to economic growth potential. Broadening exposure beyond conventional stocks and bonds, identifying opportunities in emerging markets and deploying more dynamic asset allocation strategies are some ways to adapt.
In some respects, our outlook represents an extension of the same long cycle we envisioned heading into 2016. The key difference for 2017 revolves around four emerging transitions. Populism is challenging globalism and creating new tail risks. Concerns about low growth are giving way to concerns about inflation. Years of focus on monetary policy are giving way to a close watch over fiscal policy. And concerns about new regulation are acceding to hopes for de-regulation.
Transition will be an evolving theme in 2017, and we will be re-visiting it in our publications throughout the year. In this Investment Outlook, we highlight specific signposts we will be watching, both to gauge the pace of transition and to test our base case view on the key investment questions.









Three Key Questions







Is it time to de-risk?
Is it time to de-risk?
No. We think de-risking would be premature, at
least from a purely return-generating standpoint. We
expect the macro environment to remain supportive
of risk assets during 2017 amid a slow-but-steady
expansion in developed markets and an acceleration
of growth in some emerging markets.

VIEW MORE



What’s driving the expansion?
What’s driving the expansion?
We believe this is a slow-growth recovery best
explained by cyclical economic drivers. We believe
the concerns about the developed world being mired
in a pattern of underinvestment and stalled growth—
so-called secular stagnation—are overdone.

VIEW MORE



Where do we see opportunities?
Where do we see opportunities?
In a low-return world, we look for sources of
return beyond conventional stock and bond market
approaches. We also think range-bound or volatile
markets create opportunities for more dynamic
investment strategies.

VIEW MORE






 
 






Transitions We’re Watching in 2017


















												Globalism to Populism
											



The biggest transition in the current environment is a shift away from globalism to a rising populist trend.















												Stagnation to Inflation
											



We expect concerns around potential secular stagnation to give way to a more inflationary paradigm in the US.















												Monetary to Fiscal Policy
											



The focus for stimulus is shifting toward fiscal spending, as central banks are stretching toward the limits of their easing ability.
















												Regulation to De-Regulation
											



We see the potential for greater regulatory divergence globally and the potential for competitive de-regulation.









2017 GDP Forecasts by Country, Region and Market (%)
We expect the prolonged expansion phase of the growth cycle to continue in 2017
 










Source: GSAM. As of January 2017.






Our 12-Month Cross-Asset Views Compared to 2016
We favor equities and emerging market assets over corporate credit and government bonds
 










Source: GSAM Global Portfolio Solutions (GPS) as of December 2016 and are subject to change. Chart reflects GPS relative asset allocation views and may not be representative of each GSAM portfolio team’s view on opportunities within individual markets.






Related Items











2017 INVESTMENT OUTLOOK
Download the full publication

 
													DOWNLOAD
												





2017 INVESTMENT OUTLOOK CHARTBOOK
Download the chartbook

 
													DOWNLOAD
												















                        
                        
                            Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Featured Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Perspectives
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               




SOLUTIONS FOR






                        
                        
                            About GSAM
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Overview
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News and Media
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Careers
		           		 
					     
						    



















































Fund Finder




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          








											Mutual Funds
										



















  
  
  










0 Funds found





Filters








Quick sets















ASSET CLASS








Equity








Back








All Equity






Domestic Large





Domestic Small/Medium





Domestic All Cap





International Large





International Small/Medium





International All Cap








Fixed Income








Back








All Fixed Income






Short Duration/Government






Single Sector






Municipal/Tax-Free






Multi-Sector









Alternatives






Commodities






Real Estate / Infrastructure






Portfolio Solutions








Back








All Portfolio Solutions






Target Date









Money Markets








Back








All Money Markets






Taxable






Tax Free











SHARE CLASS








For all asset classes








Back









A





C





Institutional





Institutional Retirement





Retirement





Service







Admin





Separate Account





R6





Advisor





Preferred








For money market funds








Back









Institutional





Select





Preferred





Capital





Admin





Premier







Service





Resource





CMS





C





A





R6










MORNINGSTAR RATINGS










4 & 5 Stars






3, 4 & 5 Stars






All Rated








Morningstar Categories








Back








Morningstar Categories







Allocation--30pct to 50pct Equity





Allocation--85pct+ Equity





Bank Loan





Commodities Broad Basket





Corporate Bond





Diversified Emerging Mkts





Emerging Markets Bond





Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond





Energy Limited Partnership





Foreign Large Blend





Foreign Large Growth





Foreign Large Value





Foreign Small/Mid Value





Global Real Estate







High Yield Bond





High Yield Muni





Inflation-Protected Bond





Infrastructure





Intermediate Government





Intermediate-Term Bond





Large Blend





Large Growth





Large Value





Long-Short Credit





Long-Short Equity





Managed Futures





Mid-Cap Blend





Mid-Cap Growth







Mid-Cap Value





Multialternative





Muni National Interm





Muni National Short





Nontraditional Bond





Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk





Real Estate





Short Government





Short-Term Bond





Small Blend





Small Growth





Small Value





Tactical Allocation





Target-Date 2020







Target-Date 2025





Target-Date 2030





Target-Date 2035





Target-Date 2040





Target-Date 2045





Target-Date 2050





Target-Date 2055





Technology





Ultrashort Bond





World Allocation





World Bond





World Large Stock











LIPPER RANKING










Top 25%






Top 50%






All Lipper








Lipper Categories








Back








Equity Categories











Emerging Markets Funds





Equity Income Funds





Global Multi-Cap Core





International Equity Income Funds





International Multi-Cap Core





International Small/Mid-Cap Core





Large-Cap Core Funds





Large-Cap Growth Funds





Large-Cap Value Funds





Mid-Cap Core Funds







Mid-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Core Funds





Multi-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Value Funds





Pacific Ex Japan Funds





Science & Technology Funds





Small-Cap Core Funds





Small-Cap Growth Funds





Small-Cap Value Funds










Fixed Income Categories











Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Core Bond Funds





Core Plus Bond Funds





Corporate Debt Funds BBB-Rated





Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Fds





Emerging Mrkts Hard Currency Debt Funds





General U.S. Government Funds





Global Income Funds





High Yield Funds





High Yield Municipal Debt Funds







Inflation Protected Bond Funds





Intermediate Municipal Debt Funds





Intermediate U.S. Government Funds





Loan Participation Funds





Short Municipal Debt Funds





Short U.S. Government Funds





Short-Intmdt Investment Grade Debt Funds





U.S. Mortgage Funds





Ultra-Short Obligations Funds










Alternatives Categories











Absolute Return Funds





Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Alternative Long/Short Equity Funds







Alternative Managed Futures Funds





Alternative Multi-Strategy Funds





Flexible Portfolio Funds










Commodities Categories











Commodities General Funds


















Real Estate / Infrastructure











Energy MLP Funds





Global Infrastructure Funds





Global Real Estate Funds







International Real Estate Funds





Real Estate Funds










Portfolio Solutions Categories











Flexible Portfolio Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2020 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2025 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2030 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2035 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2040 Funds







Mixed-Asset Target 2045 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2050 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2055+ Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Agg Gro Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Growth Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Moderate Funds










Daily Liquid Alternatives Categories











Alternative Other Funds


























Quick sets








Featured Funds






Star Performers






Recently Viewed Funds













Reset




Save




DEFAULT SELECTIONS








Loading Fund Finder data...


No results match your criteria. Try broadening your search. Reset filters. Or go back to previous results.


Error loading page.  Please accept our apologies.




Performance
Prices
Characteristics
Fund Facts










New fund































                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               



















































Fund Finder




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








						 Account Access








Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          








											Mutual Funds
										



















  
  
  










0 Funds found





Filters








Quick sets















ASSET CLASS








Equity








Back








All Equity






Domestic Large





Domestic Small/Medium





Domestic All Cap





International Large





International Small/Medium





International All Cap








Fixed Income








Back








All Fixed Income






Short Duration/Government






Single Sector






Municipal/Tax-Free






Multi-Sector









Alternatives






Commodities






Real Estate / Infrastructure






Portfolio Solutions








Back








All Portfolio Solutions






Target Date









Money Markets








Back








All Money Markets






Taxable






Tax Free











SHARE CLASS








For all asset classes








Back









A





C





Institutional





Institutional Retirement





Retirement





Service







Admin





Separate Account





R6





Advisor





Preferred








For money market funds








Back









Institutional





Select





Preferred





Capital





Admin





Premier







Service





Resource





CMS





C





A





R6










MORNINGSTAR RATINGS










4 & 5 Stars






3, 4 & 5 Stars






All Rated








Morningstar Categories








Back








Morningstar Categories







Allocation--30pct to 50pct Equity





Allocation--85pct+ Equity





Bank Loan





Commodities Broad Basket





Corporate Bond





Diversified Emerging Mkts





Emerging Markets Bond





Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond





Energy Limited Partnership





Foreign Large Blend





Foreign Large Growth





Foreign Large Value





Foreign Small/Mid Value





Global Real Estate







High Yield Bond





High Yield Muni





Inflation-Protected Bond





Infrastructure





Intermediate Government





Intermediate-Term Bond





Large Blend





Large Growth





Large Value





Long-Short Credit





Long-Short Equity





Managed Futures





Mid-Cap Blend





Mid-Cap Growth







Mid-Cap Value





Multialternative





Muni National Interm





Muni National Short





Nontraditional Bond





Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk





Real Estate





Short Government





Short-Term Bond





Small Blend





Small Growth





Small Value





Tactical Allocation





Target-Date 2020







Target-Date 2025





Target-Date 2030





Target-Date 2035





Target-Date 2040





Target-Date 2045





Target-Date 2050





Target-Date 2055





Technology





Ultrashort Bond





World Allocation





World Bond





World Large Stock











LIPPER RANKING










Top 25%






Top 50%






All Lipper








Lipper Categories








Back








Equity Categories











Emerging Markets Funds





Equity Income Funds





Global Multi-Cap Core





International Equity Income Funds





International Multi-Cap Core





International Small/Mid-Cap Core





Large-Cap Core Funds





Large-Cap Growth Funds





Large-Cap Value Funds





Mid-Cap Core Funds







Mid-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Core Funds





Multi-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Value Funds





Pacific Ex Japan Funds





Science & Technology Funds





Small-Cap Core Funds





Small-Cap Growth Funds





Small-Cap Value Funds










Fixed Income Categories











Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Core Bond Funds





Core Plus Bond Funds





Corporate Debt Funds BBB-Rated





Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Fds





Emerging Mrkts Hard Currency Debt Funds





General U.S. Government Funds





Global Income Funds





High Yield Funds





High Yield Municipal Debt Funds







Inflation Protected Bond Funds





Intermediate Municipal Debt Funds





Intermediate U.S. Government Funds





Loan Participation Funds





Short Municipal Debt Funds





Short U.S. Government Funds





Short-Intmdt Investment Grade Debt Funds





U.S. Mortgage Funds





Ultra-Short Obligations Funds










Alternatives Categories











Absolute Return Funds





Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Alternative Long/Short Equity Funds







Alternative Managed Futures Funds





Alternative Multi-Strategy Funds





Flexible Portfolio Funds










Commodities Categories











Commodities General Funds


















Real Estate / Infrastructure











Energy MLP Funds





Global Infrastructure Funds





Global Real Estate Funds







International Real Estate Funds





Real Estate Funds










Portfolio Solutions Categories











Flexible Portfolio Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2020 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2025 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2030 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2035 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2040 Funds







Mixed-Asset Target 2045 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2050 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2055+ Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Agg Gro Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Growth Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Moderate Funds










Daily Liquid Alternatives Categories











Alternative Other Funds


























Quick sets








Featured Funds






Star Performers






Recently Viewed Funds













Reset




Save




DEFAULT SELECTIONS








Loading Fund Finder data...


No results match your criteria. Try broadening your search. Reset filters. Or go back to previous results.


Error loading page.  Please accept our apologies.




Performance
Prices
Characteristics
Fund Facts










New fund































                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Products
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Prospectuses
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               



















































Goldman Sachs Active Beta ETFs



















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          

















 

 


Goldman Sachs ETFs



































ACTIVEBETA®
1 of 4





ACCESS BONDS
2 of 4





HEDGE INDUSTRY
3 of 4





TREASURY ACCESS
4 of 4













Next Generation of ETF Investing

                Over the last two decades, investors have increasingly turned to Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) seeking to benefit from a defined strategy, diversified exposure to stocks, tax efficiency and low costs. Today, we combine the potential benefits of ETFs with the advanced strategies of Goldman Sachs Asset Managment (GSAM).
            









What Are the Potential Benefits of ETFs?





ETFs have grown in popularity due to the many benefits they offer: intraday trading ease, relative transparency and a likelihood of tax efficiency—all typically at lower total cost than most actively managed mutual funds.
 











The Four Ts









 
Source: GSAM. For illustrative purposes only.
We note that ETFs are not riskless investments, so investors can lose money. Please see the ETF Risk Disclosures for additional risk considerations in the end disclosures. Ordinary brokerage commissions apply. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.
Goldman Sachs does not provide legal, tax or accounting advice to its clients. All investors are strongly urged to consult with their legal, tax, or accounting advisors regarding any potential transactions or investments. There is no assurance that the tax status or treatment of a proposed transaction or investment will continue in the future. Tax treatment or status may be changed by law or government action in the future or on a retroactive basis.










Exponential Growth of the ETF Market





Developed in the early 1990s with lower cost, transparency and tax efficiency in mind, today there are ETFs representing both broad and narrow sectors of the market, and hundreds of ways to diversify. With $2 trillion in investor assets, it’s safe to say that ETFs are here to stay.
 







 








Growth of ETFs










 







EXPLORE ETF PRODUCTS 






Next Generation of Equity Index Investing

                GSAM has developed a series of ETFs built on smart beta1 principles—a transparent, rules-based strategy that goes beyond stocks’ market capitalization, resulting in a more economically intuitive way to invest.
            

















 

$ {headerPrefix } 







Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs















Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs

 / 






















Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs





These ETFs are designed to track an ActiveBeta® Index, a proprietary performance-seeking methodology from Goldman Sachs, which tilts towards stocks based on four well-established drivers of performance, often referred to as factors.








The Four Factors














The Advantages of Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ Investing









Opportunity to Outperform the Market




To construct the ActiveBeta® Index, GSAM employs a simple, transparent process that helps identify and emphasize stocks within the market-cap weighted universe, potentially providing greater returns.
 









A Diversified Approach




Individual factors can be cyclical in the short run, which may lead to timing and performance challenges. Combining four complementary smart beta factors equally can potentially result in a more consistent investment experience over time.
 









Lower Cost




Not only are ActiveBeta™ ETFs a fraction of the price of most smart beta ETFs, they are also among the most competitively priced products on the market.2











Source: Morningstar and GSAM as of May 16, 2016. For illustrative purposes only.
There is no guarantee that these objectives will be met. ActiveBeta® is a trademark of Goldman Sachs. 9.0 bps (after expense limitation) for ActiveBeta® U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF refers to the Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta® U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF. 9.5 bps for largest ETF by Assets under Management (AUM) refers to the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY). ALPS Distributors, Inc. is the distributor for the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY). 35.3 bps refers to the average fund fee for Strategic Beta ETFs in the Morningstar US ETF Large Blend Category and 32.2 bps refers to the average fund fee of index ETFs in the Morningstar US ETF Large Blend Category.








ActiveBeta™ ETFs Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												










Next Generation Fixed Income Investing

                GSAM now offers the next generation, smart beta Access ETFs that seek better risk-adjusted returns to help meet the needs of today’s fixed income investor.
            









Access ETFs by Goldman Sachs





GSAM’s Access ETFs can help investors build efficient fixed income portfolios. Going a step further than traditional market-value weighted methodology, a smart beta approach selects bonds based on liquidity and customized fundamentals.














The Advantages of Goldman Sachs Fixed Income Investing









Smarter Access to Bond Markets




The index employs a simple, transparent process that helps identify an investible universe, then eliminates issuers with relative deteriorating fundamentals to offer exposure to existing sector or market beta.
 









Seeks Smoother Performance, Less Volatility




As bond investors look for income and diversification, a smart beta approach seeks liquidity while minimizing exposure to factors historically associated with volatility and underperformance.
 









Lower Cost




Access ETFs are among the most competitively priced ETFs on the market. They also offer transparency and can alleviate some of the challenges of buying bonds in the over-the-counter market.3










Source: GSAM and Morningstar. Data as of March 31, 2017. For illustrative purposes only. The GS Access Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF expense ratio is 14 basis points (bp). Please see the end notes for expense ratio and other important disclosures. Category expense ratios represent category averages for all funds in the corporate bond category as defined by Morningstar. The average net expense ratio for ETFs in the category is 19 bps and for active and passive mutual funds combined, I-Shares only, it is 57 bps.








Access ETFs Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Access to Top Insights

                GSAM developed the Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund VIP Index, which tracks insights from some of the leading thinkers in the hedge fund universe. The Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF seeks to track this index and provides exposure to hedge fund managers’ most important long equity ideas.
            









Introducing the Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF (Ticker: GVIP)





The fund seeks to track the Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund VIP Index, which is constructed in accordance with a rules-based methodology derived from concepts previously developed by Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. The Index is designed to measure the performance of fundamentally-driven hedge fund managers' “Very-Important-Positions” — those positions that appear most frequently among their top 10 long equity holdings. The Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF (Ticker: GVIP) seeks to deliver these high-conviction ideas through the ease, transparency and liquidity of an ETF.









The Advantages of Investing in GVIP














The Fund is not a hedge fund and does not invest in hedge funds.
1. ETFs offer many benefits, including intraday trading, relative transparency and tax efficiency potential, all at typically lower expense ratios than most actively-managed mutual funds.








Hedge Industry VIP ETF Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Access to the Treasury Market

                GSAM developed an ETF that provides access to Treasuries with a maturity of less than a year, which are backed by the full faith and credit of the US Government. Investors in the Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0-1 Year ETF can gain easy access to Treasury markets while avoiding the operational and pricing complexities of US Treasury Auctions and over-the-counter market.
            









Introducing the Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0-1 Year ETF (Ticker: GBIL)





The fund seeks to track the Citi US Treasury 0–1 Year Composite Select Index, which is designed to measure the performance of U.S. Treasury Obligations4 with a maximum remaining maturity of one year. The Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0–1 Year ETF (Ticker: GBIL) provides access to the Treasury market through a lower cost, convenient and transparent ETF. The fund benefits from the experience of the GSAM Liquidity Solutions team, providing trade execution, price negotiation and security selection in the short-term Treasury market.









The Advantages of Investing in GBIL










Any guarantee on U.S Treasury Obligations applies only to the underlying securities of the Fund if held to maturity and not to the value of the Fund’s shares.
Individual shares may only be purchased and sold in secondary market transactions through brokers; shares trade at market prices rather than NAV; shares may trade at a price greater than or less than NAV; and investors may incur commission costs when buying or selling shares.
The Fund is not a money market fund and does not attempt to maintain a stable net asset value.








TreasuryAccess ETF Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Goldman Sachs Exchange-Traded Funds

	       At Goldman Sachs Asset Management, we have a history of investment innovation—grounded in our commitment to provide clients with solutions that keep up with changing times. Our skilled investment teams manage a variety of advanced strategies** that capitalize on our global reach and deep knowledge of the markets. By offering these advanced strategies as Goldman Sachs ETFs, we continue this legacy and lead the way for the next generation of ETF investing.
	    

EXPLORE ETF PRODUCTS 












                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               



















































LAKE COMO CONVERTIBLE BOND FUND LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











LAKE COMO CONVERTIBLE BOND FUND LP
List of persons related to the company LAKE COMO CONVERTIBLE BOND FUND LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of LAKE COMO CONVERTIBLE BOND FUND LP.

CIK Number: 0001688308IRS Number: 300914260Company address: 230 CALIFORNIA STREET, SUITE 410  SAN FRANCISCO 94111Phone number: 415-814-8840



People related to LAKE COMO CONVERTIBLE BOND FUND LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryTimons  Frank230 California Street, Suite 410 San FranciscoCAN/A  Pier 88 Investment Partners LLC230 California Street, Suite 410 San FranciscoCA




LAKE COMO CONVERTIBLE BOND FUND LP on the Web
Related companiesLake Alaska 3-D Joint Venture, LAKE AREA CORN PROCESSORS LLC, Lake Austin Equity Fund LP, Lake Boeuf Field Development Joint Venture, LAKE CAPITAL PARTNERS FEEDER LP, Lake Carolyn REIT, LLC, Lake Charles Holdings, LLC, Lake City Investors LLC, Lake City Senior Investors LP, Lake Columbia, LLC, LAKE COUNTRY FRACWATER SPECIALISTS, LLC, LAKE COUNTRY WIND ENERGY LLC, LAKE COUNTY CUSTODIAL ACCOUNT, LLC, Lake County, Florida, Lake Cumberland Investment Group, Inc.












 











LAKE COMO CONVERTIBLE BOND FUND LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Pier 88 Investment Partners Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









LAKE COMO CONVERTIBLE BOND FUND LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    230 California Street, Suite 410  
    San Francisco, CA, 94111Phone: 415-814-8840 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-25


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A N/A Pier 88 Investment Partners Llc 
 Executive 


 Frank Timons 
 Executive 












Lake Union Capital Fund L P - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Lake Union Capital Fund L P
List of persons related to the company Lake Union Capital Fund L P. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Lake Union Capital Fund L P.

CIK Number: 0001307659Company address: 601 UNION STREET SUITE 4616 SEATTLE 98101Phone number: 206-838-3277



People related to Lake Union Capital Fund L P
NamePositionStreetCityCountry-- -- Lake Union Capital Management, LLC601 Union Street Suite 4616SeattleWAR. Self  MichaelOne Union Square 600 University Street, Suite 1250SeattleWAR. Self  MichaelOne Union Square 600 University Street, Suite 1520SeattleWAR. Self  Michael601 Union Street Suite 4616SeattleWA




Lake Union Capital Fund L P on the Web
Related companiesLake Alaska 3-D Joint Venture, LAKE AREA CORN PROCESSORS LLC, Lake Austin Equity Fund LP, Lake Boeuf Field Development Joint Venture, LAKE CAPITAL PARTNERS FEEDER LP, Lake Carolyn REIT, LLC, Lake Charles Holdings, LLC, Lake City Investors LLC, Lake City Senior Investors LP, Lake Columbia, LLC, LAKE COMO CONVERTIBLE BOND FUND LP, LAKE COUNTRY FRACWATER SPECIALISTS, LLC, LAKE COUNTRY WIND ENERGY LLC, LAKE COUNTY CUSTODIAL ACCOUNT, LLC, Lake County, Florida












 







Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://money.usnews.com/funds/mutual-funds/rankings/convertibles" on this server.
Reference #18.16f37468.1500996340.7636d4a






Pier 88 Investment Partners, LLC


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Pier 88 Investment Partners, LLC
Fund Manager






Institutional Investors

Fund Managers

Pier 88 Investment Partners, LLC





















Pier 88 Investment Partners, LLC
is  a Delaware Fund Manager located in San Francisco,
California.  
 

It was registered on Friday, January 29, 2016.






230 California Street, Suite 410
San Francisco,
California, 
94111 
United States
Phone: (415) 814-8840
http://www.pier88.com/



Officer
David Preimesberger
Member
David Walrod
Member
William Sanders
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer
Frank Timons
Member
Rick White
Member
George Edwards
Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Operations Officer
Jaclyn Fertitta




Inception Date2016-01-29
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 19:46:59.023292
As of Date2017-02-27
Latest Filing2017-02-27
SEC Number801-107193
CRD Number169316
Inception2016-01-29
Legal NamePier 88 Investment Partners, LLC
NamePier 88 Investment Partners, LLC
Legal Entity TypeLimited Liability Company











Statements



Employees


Regulatory AUM






Funds



Hedge Funds: 4












02-17
05-16
01-16




Employees
5.00
4.00
4.00











02-17
05-16
01-16




Regulatory Assets Under Management
197.79M
177.40M
35.25M







Hedge Funds: 2017-02-27



Lake Como Convertible Bond Fund LP
Delaware


Lake Geneva Fund LP
Delaware


Lake Geneva Offshore Fund Ltd.
Cayman Islands


Lake Geneva Master Fund LP
Cayman Islands
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Dynamic Global Bond Fund (RPIEX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Dynamic Global Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPIEX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments



			
			 	 Formerly T. Rowe Price Global Unconstrained Bond Fund
			 	 				 	 
			
		







 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$9.85
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								-1.89%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.78
							
							-
							
								$10.22
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$358.54

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Dynamic Global Bond Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Nontraditional Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The objective is to seek high current income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/24/2017)
								
							



						
						
							0.63%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.19%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.10%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					0.20%
				
			

				
					0.20%
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 2.76%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							2.76%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							January 22, 2015
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.16%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.65%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							April 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Mon Jul 24 23:01:02 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                




















Bond funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Fund categories
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps








Vanguard bond funds


94% of our low-cost bond funds performed better than their peer-group averages over the past 10 years.*




Find income and stability with bond funds
Get higher potential for income



Bond mutual funds give your portfolio the opportunity to earn income, unlike money market funds (which focus on protecting your cash) and stock funds (which aim for long-term growth).

Add stability to your portfolio



When included in a well-balanced portfolio, bond funds can help balance the risks associated with stock funds.

Spread out your exposure to risk



By potentially holding hundreds—sometimes thousands—of bonds in a single fund, you get more diversification than you would buying individual bonds.

Get broad exposure to the bond markets



You can use just a few funds to complete the bond portion of your portfolio. Each of these index funds gives you access to a wide variety of bonds in a single, diversified fund.






Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund holds more than 5,000 domestic investment-grade bonds.

Vanguard Total International Bond Index Fund holds about 3,000 non-U.S. bonds.


Get details on Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund

Get details on Vanguard Total International Bond Index Fund


How to choose a bond fund



There are a few questions to ask yourself while you're considering the right bond fund for your portfolio:

Am I investing outside of an IRA or other retirement account?



If you're in one of the highest tax brackets and investing outside of your retirement account, you may be able to reduce your tax exposure with a tax-exempt bond fund.
Find out if tax-exempt mutual funds are right for you
Cut your federal tax bill with a national tax-exempt fund. Get added state-tax savings if you live in:

				California

				Massachusetts

				New Jersey

				New York

				Ohio

				Pennsylvania


See a list of Vanguard tax-exempt bond funds


Do I want domestic or international bonds?



Investing in both U.S. and international bond funds can add another level of diversification to an already well-balanced portfolio.

How much risk am I comfortable with?



Knowing the general traits used to identify the different bonds within a bond fund can help you determine your overall tolerance for risk.

Average maturity. Bond funds come with short-, intermediate-, or long-term maturities. The longer the maturity, the more sensitive the fund is to changes in interest rates.

Credit quality. Bonds that are backed by the government or one of its agencies have the best "creditworthiness" and a lower chance of default than most corporate bonds. Corporate bonds with high credit quality are considered investment-grade bonds, and those below investment-grade are considered high-yield ("junk") bonds.



Would I prefer index or active funds?



Do you feel more comfortable tracking the market, or would you rather try to beat it?

Index funds try to track the performance of a specific market benchmark.

Actively managed funds are steered by our expert portfolio managers who select specific securities for the fund. While this gives you the chance to beat the benchmark, any actively managed fund could just as easily miss the mark.


Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds


Do I want to keep pace with inflation?



Inflation-protected bond funds invest in government bonds and are routinely adjusted for inflation.
See a complete list of Vanguard bond funds






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



LEARN ABOUT OTHER FUND TYPES

Money market funds

Balanced funds

Stock funds

International funds

Sector & specialty funds
NEED SOME GUIDANCE?

Get help & advice to narrow your options





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Bond mutual funds







A bond mutual fund invests in a variety of individual bonds, each of which represents debt—an IOU—issued by a U.S. or international corporation, municipality, or government.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Maturity/Maturity date







The date when the issuer of a money market instrument or bond agrees to repay the principal, or face value, to the buyer.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Investment-grade bond







A bond whose credit quality is considered to be among the highest by independent bond-rating agencies.




Return to main page







Layer opened.High-yield ("junk") bond







A bond with a credit rating of BBB/Baa or lower. Known as "high yield" because of the rewards offered to those who are willing to take on the additional risks of a lower-quality bond.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Market benchmark







An unmanaged group of securities whose overall performance is used as a standard to measure investment performance.




Return to main page








footnote*For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 51 of 54 Vanguard bond funds outperformed their Lipper peer-group averages. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds and ETFs (exchange-traded funds) with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. The competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. View fund performance
	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
	Bond funds are subject to interest rate risk, which is the chance bond prices overall will decline because of rising interest rates, and credit risk, which is the chance a bond issuer will fail to pay interest and principal in a timely manner or that negative perceptions of the issuer's ability to make such payments will cause the price of that bond to decline. Investments in bonds issued by non-U.S. companies are subject to risks including country/regional risk and currency risk.
	Vanguard average stock fund expense ratio: 0.12%; industry average stock fund expense ratio: 0.69%. Vanguard average bond fund expense ratio: 0.09%; industry average bond fund expense ratio: 0.60%. Vanguard average money market fund expense ratio: 0.14%; industry average money market fund expense ratio: 0.30%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01































Vanguard funds list - index and active mutual funds | Vanguard


















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Fund categories
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps
















Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



WANT HELP CHOOSING?

Start with our investor questionnaire

Partner with a Vanguard advisor
INVESTOR EDUCATION

Define your goals & have a plan for achieving them

See how 9 model portfolios have performed in the past
INTERESTED IN EXCHANGE-TRADED FUNDS?

Compare ETFs vs. mutual funds












CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01














































Open an Account | Vanguard








Vanguard home







Warning
This page won't work properly unless JavaScript is enabled.






























































































American Funds



































































































All Funds | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American Funds                                















American Funds















 ALL FUNDS


INVESTMENT TRACKER

-- FUNDS
								


COMPARE FUNDS


DOWNLOAD DATA
























Returns


			|
		

Daily Prices & Yields


			|
		

Symbols & Fund Numbers

			
|			
Literature







FILTER BY


Objective


Growth
Growth & Income
Equity-Income
Balanced
Bond
Tax-Exempt Bond
Money Market Funds
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
College Target Date
Retirement Target Date





Or



Asset Type 
					


Equity
Balanced
Fixed Income Taxable
Fixed Income tax exempt
Money Market







Investment Tracker
--
 Funds


					Add American Funds to your Investment Tracker by checking boxes below and choosing the Add To Tracker link above or below the table.
				





 American Funds

		Important: Class B and 529-B shares were no longer available for purchase as of April 21, 2009. All B and 529-B shares finished converting to A and 529-A shares on April 10, 2017.
	
















Share Class 
							



A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6






Returns
								









Monthly








Quarterly










at MOP/with CDSC








at NAV














Show Indices







ADD TO TRACKER





 PRINT

















Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















Fund Name

		Prices & Returns


		Yields
		



Price 
				
	
Change  ($)
			
	
Change  (%)
			
	
YTD
		
	

7-Day
		 SEC Yield at NAV
		
	
30-day SEC Yield NAV


12-Month Dist. Rate at NAV
		




At NAV as of -- (updated daily)
As of -- (updated monthly)








Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















1- of  results
0 results



ADD TO TRACKER


















































































































































American Funds Strategic Bond Fund - ANBAX | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American Funds Strategic Bond Fund                                                SM


















BOND FUNDS


American Funds Strategic Bond Fund SM
(ANBAX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Multisector Fund Majoring in Rates and Minoring in Credit.						  
A flexible core fund that will rely on high-conviction ideas, which may primarily involve active management of duration, yield curve and inflation expectations with a focus on risk management and monitoring. Can invest in extended bond sectors on an opportunistic basis.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$10.31					
as of 07/24/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$435.5
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

3					


Expense Ratio 
					

1.03%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



1.12%
1-year return

        


--
5-year return

        


3.42%
Lifetime return
				(03/18/2016)




2.36%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-2.66%
1-year return

        


--
5-year return

        


0.38%
Lifetime return
				(03/18/2016)




2.36%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds69.5%

Non-U.S. Bonds23.5%



Cash & Equivalents7.0%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	



Read important investment disclosures



Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.

 






Fund Statistics 
			




8.8 years
Average Life 


3.0 years
Average Duration 


2.3%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


0.8%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Limited Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund’s investment objective is to provide maximum total return consistent with preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

A multi-sector fund that acts like a bond fund. Its relatively small concentration in high-yield bonds is designed to result in a low correlation to equities.					



						Types of Investments
					

Government debt and agency bonds, corporate bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, emerging markets debt, non-U.S., municipals and high-yield.					





			            Maturity
			        

The bond maturities that the fund targets will vary depending on the current strategy being implemented.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest no more than 50% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality) at the time of purchase, including high-yield corporate bonds or those issued by developing country governments and companies. The fund may invest up to 10% of its assets in equity securities and certain securities with a combination of debt and equity characteristics. The fund may invest up to 50% of its assets in securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The fund may invest up to 40% of its assets in securities of emerging market issuers.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							03/18/2016

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$435.5

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							100+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							12,766

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							539%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							02631E 10 2

						Fund Number
						
					
							30112












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ANBAX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ANBAX





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ANBAX through 07/24/2017.
            

 ANBAX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

0.72%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

0.70%					

2.36%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



David A. Hoag

29
26
1



Damien J. McCann

17
17
1



Ritchie Tuazon

17
6
1



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (--)


						--
				


3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


						--
				


5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


						--
				


10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


--




Overall Morningstar Risk 


--





Category 

					Multisector Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
						-- 
						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated














Expense Within Category  Funds Rated














Preservation Within Category Funds Rated














Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated














Total Return Within Category Funds Rated
















Category
Multi-Sector Income Fds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST









Risk Measures

For the 3 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

                                -- 
                        


Sharpe Ratio 

                                -- 
                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

                                -- 
                        


Beta 

                                -- 
                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
--/--










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
36.6%


AAA/Aaa
0.6%


AA/Aa
6.1%


A
17.3%


BBB/Baa
21.4%


BB/Ba
6.0%


B
2.6%


CCC & Below
1.1%


Unrated
1.3%


Cash & equivalents
7.0%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
14.5%


5-9.9 Years
61.2%


10-19.9 Years
4.1%


20-29.9 Years
12.0%


30+ Years
1.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
45.3%


Financials
8.1%


Health Care
7.3%


Energy
6.9%


Consumer discretionary
4.3%


Utilities
3.9%


Information technology
3.6%


Industrials
3.5%


Consumer staples
3.2%


Materials
2.9%


Telecommunication services
1.2%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.4%









U.S. Treasury bonds & notes
36.6%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
9.7%







Municipal securities
1.1%







Other bonds & notes
0.3%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

36.7%



Japan

5.3%



India Government

2.6%



Broadcom

1.6%



Shire

1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
69.50%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
10.30%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
6.00%


Cash & equivalents
7.00%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

10.7%
			


Japanese yen
5.4%


Euros
1.7%


Other currencies
3.6%


U.S. Dollar
89.3%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
69.5%


Japan
5.7%


United Kingdom
3.3%


Canada
2.8%


India
2.6%


Australia
2.0%


Brazil
1.3%


Switzerland
1.1%


Kuwait
0.8%


Portugal
0.8%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/17/17
03/17/17
03/20/17
$0.02
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.12


06/16/17
06/16/17
06/19/17
$0.02
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.28






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.04


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.04




				 as of 7/24/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.57%


Other Expenses
0.16%


Service 12b-1
0.30%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio




Gross
Net


Fund
	

1.03%
1.01%


Lipper 		 Multi-Sector Income
 Funds Average
	



					1.06%
				








Resources






			Literature for ANBAX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
04/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16




Annual Report
(PDF) 
02/17




Q&A
(PDF) 
06/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (ANBAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Friday, March 18, 2016) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (2016), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (ANBAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Multi-Sector Income Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ANBAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.














































































































































The Bond Fund of America - ABNDX | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ The Bond Fund of America                                                ®


















BOND FUNDS


The Bond Fund of America ®
								(ABNDX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Core Bond Portfolio With Broad Diversification.						  
Our most diversified bond fund invests in nearly every sector of the bond market, with a focus on securities rated A or above.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$12.97					
as of 07/24/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$34,575.9
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

7					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.61%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



0.24%
1-year return

        


2.27%
5-year return

        


3.12%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-3.51%
1-year return

        


1.49%
5-year return

        


2.73%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds81.3%

Non-U.S. Bonds13.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.4%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures


Fixed-Income



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 fixed income   
																				  funds
		

 ABNDX
 Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Fund Statistics 
			




7.1 years
Average Life 


5.2 years
Average Duration 


3.0%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


2.9%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objective is to provide as high a level of current income as is consistent with the preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Broadly diversified fixed-income fund with flexibility to respond to various bond market conditions.					



						Types of Investments
					

Primarily invests in corporate debt securities, U.S. and other government securities, mortgage-related securities and cash.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

May invest up to 25% of assets in fixed-income securities of corporations and government entities outside the United States.			         



			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund generally invests at least 80% of its assets in bonds, including corporate bonds, U.S. government securities and money market instruments. At least 60% of its assets will be invested in securities rated A3/A- or better at the time of purchase (or unrated but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality). It is the fund’s current practice not to invest more than 10% of its assets in debt securities rated Ba1 and BB+ or below.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							05/28/1974

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$34,575.9

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							710+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							1,223,218

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Monthly



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							--

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							363%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							097873 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							8












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ABNDX through 07/24/2017.
            

 ABNDX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

1.78%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

1.71%					

1.80%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Pramod Atluri

19
1
1



Andrew F. Barth

32
32
7



David J. Betanzos

17
15
1



David A. Hoag

29
26
8



Fergus N. MacDonald

25
14
2



Robert H. Neithart

30
30
8



John H. Smet

35
34
28



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (856)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(856 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(767 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(540 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Above Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Intermediate-Term Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated


(422)



(422)



(382)



(287)



Expense Within Category  Funds Rated


(128)



(128)



(124)



(102)



Preservation Within Category Funds Rated



							(5783)



(5783)



(4861)



(3179)



Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)



Total Return Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)





Category
Core Bond Funds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST


 As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

4.35                        


Sharpe Ratio 

0.61                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

56                        


Beta 

1.00                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
135/93










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
28.7%


AAA/Aaa
29.7%


AA/Aa
4.2%


A
12.6%


BBB/Baa
16.5%


BB/Ba
2.0%


B
0.5%


CCC & Below
0.1%


Unrated
0.3%


Cash & equivalents
5.4%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
44.5%


5-9.9 Years
40.3%


10-19.9 Years
1.5%


20-29.9 Years
8.1%


30+ Years
0.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
31.4%


Financials
7.6%


Health Care
5.1%


Energy
4.7%


Utilities
3.4%


Consumer discretionary
3.3%


Consumer staples
1.8%


Information technology
1.4%


Other corporate bonds & notes
1.3%


Industrials
1.1%


Telecommunication services
1%


Materials
0.7%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
28.7%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
21.9%


Agency
20.3%


Non-Agency
1.1%


Commercial
0.5%









Asset-backed obligations
9%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
2.4%







Municipal securities
1.2%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

28.6%



Fannie Mae

8.3%



Freddie Mac

7.9%



Ginnie Mae

4.0%



Chase Issuance Trust

1.6%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
81.30%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
2.40%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
3.70%


Cash & equivalents
5.40%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

2.8%
			


Japanese yen
2.3%


Mexican peso
0.1%


Euros
0.1%


Other currencies
0.3%


U.S. Dollar
97.2%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
81.3%


United Kingdom
1.8%


Germany
1.5%


Canada
1.1%


Japan
1.0%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS

CURRENT DAILY DIVIDENDS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




Daily
01/31/17
02/01/17
$0.0181691
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.76


Daily
02/28/17
03/01/17
$0.0174214
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.82


Daily
03/31/17
04/03/17
$0.0230002
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.80


Daily
04/28/17
05/01/17
$0.0202585
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.88


Daily
05/31/17
06/01/17
$0.0184525
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.95


Daily
06/30/17
07/03/17
$0.0191101
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.92






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.11641176


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.11641176




				 as of 7/24/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


0.00170955
07/24/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date





Daily

01/31/2017
02/01/2017








 






 











						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


0.00170955
07/24/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.19%


Other Expenses
0.18%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.61%


Lipper 		 Core Bond
 Funds Average
	


0.81%			








Resources






			Literature for ABNDX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Fund Highlights
(PDF) 
05/17











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Tuesday, May 28, 1974) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1974), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Core Bond Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ABNDX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.














































































