









UK » Lansdowne Partners
















Toggle navigation











Media Centre


Contact Us

LPUK
LPA
Log in









Investment Management








Lansdowne is one of the world’s leading investment management partnerships.
Founded in 1998, Lansdowne manages assets for a diversified client base that
                    includes some of the world's largest and most sophisticated investors.




Investor Login


Log in











Should you require assistance or further information, please contact us on:






Tel:  +44 (0) 20 7290 5500



info@lansdownepartners.com




















UK Stewardship Code » Lansdowne Partners
















Toggle navigation











Media Centre


Contact Us

LPUK
LPA
Log in








UK Stewardship Code
September 2016 update
Introduction
The UK Financial Reporting Council's Stewardship Code (“the Code”), published in July 2010, is a voluntary code which sets out a number of principles relating to engagement by investors with UK equity issuers. Lansdowne welcomed the publication of the Code, is supportive of its objectives and has committed to the Code. The principles of the Code, which is applied on a “comply or explain” basis, are that institutional investors should: 1. Publicly disclose their policy on how they will discharge their stewardship responsibilities. 2. Have a robust policy on managing conflicts of interest in relation to stewardship and this policy should be publicly disclosed. 3. Monitor their investee companies. 4. Establish clear guidelines on when and how they will escalate their activities as a method of protecting and enhancing shareholder value. 5. Be willing to act collectively with other investors where appropriate. 6. Have a clear policy on voting and disclosure of voting activity. 7. Report periodically on their stewardship and voting activities. The following is an outline of how Lansdowne applies the Code in its engagement with UK equity issuers.
Principle 1: Institutional investors should publicly disclose their policy on how they will discharge their stewardship responsibilities.
This policy is published so that investors and investee companies are aware of the way in which Lansdowne integrates stewardship activities into its investment process. Lansdowne has outlined in this statement each of the principles of the Code and how it complies with them or explains why it does not.
Engagement with investee companies is primarily the responsibility of the investment teams and the respective portfolio managers. Lansdowne considers access to management an important part of investment in core positions and will generally meet with the management of core positions either quarterly or half yearly in order to discuss issues such as governance, strategy, social/environmental impact and shareholder value. Lansdowne believes that its engagement with management on such issues is integral to the discharge of its stewardship responsibilities and the interests of its clients. Lansdowne is unlikely to invest in companies where it appears that management is not acting in the best interests of shareholders.
Lansdowne’s proxy voting procedures and record-keeping are overseen by Lansdowne’s Operations team who, subject to Lansdowne’s policies and procedures, refer to the applicable portfolio manager for voting decisions. When doing so, portfolio managers are provided with reports from ISS Europe Limited (“ISS”), a third party which the firm has engaged to provide corporate research and to facilitate the voting of proxies. Where the instruction from the portfolio manager is contrary to the recommendation of ISS, a reason will be requested and will be recorded in the proxy voting log.
Whilst Lansdowne does utilise ISS to assist in proxy voting, it does not generally outsource its stewardship responsibilities.
Lansdowne’s Compliance team carry out a quarterly review of the proxy voting log to ensure consistency with the firm’s proxy voting policy.
Principle 2: Institutional investors should have a robust policy on managing conflicts of interest in relation to stewardship and this policy should be publicly disclosed.
Lansdowne maintains a robust policy on managing conflicts of interest which is designed to ensure its decisions are taken wholly in the interest of its clients. Lansdowne aims to ensure that all potential and actual conflicts are identified, evaluated, managed, monitored and recorded.
Lansdowne’s ownership structure is that of a private Limited Liability Partnership managing assets for multiple pooled investment funds and segregated managed accounts. Material potential conflicts of interest (including, but not limited to, policies with respect to trade allocation, personal account dealing, best execution and outside business interests) are disclosed to clients and prospective clients in Lansdowne’s Form ADV 2, due diligence questionnaires and, where appropriate, relevant client agreements. As part of Lansdowne’ conflicts of interest policy, all members of staff must notify Lansdowne’s Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) if they become aware of any material conflict of interest arising, including in relation to voting proxies on behalf of clients. Where such a material conflict of interest is identified, voting instructions will be subject to assessment and approval by the CCO. Our principal objectives when considering matters such as engagement and voting are always to act in the best interests of our clients and to treat them fairly. A summary of the Lansdowne’s conflicts of interest policy is available to clients upon request from Lansdowne’s Chief Compliance Officer.
Principle 3: Institutional investors should monitor their investee companies.
Comprehensive and continuous research and monitoring of investee companies is fundamental to Lansdowne’s investment process. Lansdowne utilises various research and support tools to meet this principle. The monitoring process will include meeting with senior management of the investee companies, analysing annual reports and financial statements, using independent third party and broker research, attending company meetings and road shows and proxy voting corporate research provided by ISS. Lansdowne endeavours to identify problems at an early stage to minimise any loss of shareholder value. If investment teams have concerns, where appropriate, they will use their best efforts to ensure that the appropriate members of the investee company’s board are made aware of them. Such concerns may include, amongst other things, corporate governance issues where we believe they have an impact on shareholder value (including, where applicable, deviations from the UK Corporate Governance Code). However, in seeking to act in the best interests of its clients, Lansdowne may also consider it better to reduce or eliminate an investment rather than to continue such dialogue. Lansdowne investment teams review the effectiveness of their monitoring on an ongoing basis as part of the investment process. Lansdowne maintains records of votes cast and of reasons where voting is contrary to the recommendation of ISS. It is not always administratively possible to record whether such votes were cast in respect of contentious issues due to the inherent subjectivity this entails or to record details of every engagement with management of investee companies. Lansdowne may attend General Meetings of companies in which its clients have a major holding where this is considered appropriate and practicable. Lansdowne does not generally wish to be made insiders in normal circumstances, and therefore expects investee companies and their advisers to ensure that information that could affect Lansdowne’s ability to deal in the shares of the company concerned is not conveyed to Lansdowne without its prior agreement. Principle 4: Institutional investors should establish clear guidelines on when and how they will escalate their activities as a method of protecting and enhancing shareholder value.
As part of Lansdowne’s investment strategy, it seeks to build effective relationships with boards and management at the companies in which it invests. Lansdowne will generally look to invest in companies that it believes to be well managed. As part of the research and monitoring process, Lansdowne may look to intervene by holding meetings with management and/or directors to express Lansdowne’s concerns or express its views through other channels. These concerns will generally be motivated by the failure of management to uphold shareholder value. Lansdowne will continue to meet with the company and monitor developments to assess changes in the company’s approach. Should concerns persist, Lansdowne may seek to intervene formally through written letters addressed to the appropriate company board or committee members. In addition, Lansdowne will consider whether it would be more effective to intervene jointly with other institutions but will only do so where this is considered appropriate and in the best interest of its clients and where it is felt management are not maximising shareholder value. Lansdowne acknowledges that a variety of factors will make each situation unique and therefor the approach taken to escalation of concerns will vary on a case by case basis . In general, Lansdowne is unlikely to make public statements, submit resolutions or requisition an EGM or shareholder proposal. Lansdowne typically believes that any escalation is best carried out on a confidential basis.
Principle 5: Institutional investors should be willing to act collectively with other investors where appropriate.
Lansdowne has no objection in principle to collective action by investors and will consider any specific action on a case by case basis subject to regulatory restraints, company strategy or governance. However, in normal circumstances, Lansdowne will tend to act on its own when engaging with or expressing concerns to investee companies. Whilst Lansdowne may communicate with other shareholders regarding a specific proposal, it will not agree to vote in concert with another shareholder without approval from Lansdowne’s Chief Compliance Officer. Other investors wishing to approach Lansdowne should contact Lansdowne’s Chief Compliance Officer Hugh Orange, using the following contact details:
Email: financeandcompliance@lansdownepartners.com Telephone: +44 (0)20 7290 5500
Principle 6: Institutional investors should have a clear policy on voting and disclosure of voting activity.
Lansdowne maintains proxy voting policies and procedures that are designed to ensure that it makes a best efforts attempt to vote proxies in the best interests of its clients and will always seek to vote all of its shares. Lansdowne generally votes in favour of routine corporate housekeeping proposals, including election of directors (where no corporate governance issues are involved). For other proposals, Lansdowne will assess what is in the best interests of its clients and, in doing so, may take into account the following factors: • whether the proposal was recommended by management and Lansdowne’s opinion of management; • whether the proposal acts to entrench existing management;• whether the proposal fairly compensates management for past and future performance; and • the proxy voting research provided by ISS to the investment teams before shareholder meetings.Lansdowne does not publicly disclose voting records as it considers that such information belongs to its clients on whose behalf it has voted and not the general public. Lansdowne generally does not lend securities on behalf of its clients.Principle 7: Institutional investors should report periodically on their stewardship and voting activities.
Subject to underlying client confidentiality and investment strategy reasons, where requested (or as required by law), Lansdowne may disclose to a client (i.e. a segregated managed account or the governing body of a pooled fund) or a client’s fiduciaries the manner in which Lansdowne exercised voting rights on behalf of the client. The information reported, frequency and format used will be as agreed between Lansdowne and the respective client.
Where acting as investment manager to a pooled fund, Lansdowne will not typically disclose voting actions at a detailed level to the underlying investors in the pooled fund as this may result in inappropriate disclosure of confidential and sensitive portfolio position information. However, on request, Lansdowne may provide to such underlying investors summary details of how it has voted (i.e. with company names redacted). In addition, Lansdowne may, on request, provide other details of its engagement approach and activities (such as number of company meetings held or examples of any concerns raised) to clients and underlying investors. It is not Lansdowne’s policy to publically disclose such records.
Lansdowne believes that this is an appropriate level of transparency designed to promote effective stewardship and assist evaluation by asset owners, whilst recognising that disclosure of confidential portfolio information (including as mentioned above) may, in some circumstances, be inappropriate and counterproductive.
Lansdowne’s processes relating to its corporate governance activities are included within the scope of annual internal controls testing performed by an independent accounting firm which Lansdowne has engaged to perform an outsourced internal audit function. The results of such testing are not generally made available but clients wishing to obtain further information should contact Lansdowne’s Chief Compliance Officer. We believe this is an appropriate level of independent assurance.


















Disclaimer » Lansdowne Partners
















Toggle navigation











Media Centre


Contact Us

LPUK
LPA
Log in








Disclaimer
The information contained in this Website relates to investment funds which are not recognised collective investment schemes for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (the "Act") and may (amongst other funds) include references to TM Lansdowne Developed Markets Fund Long Only SRI Fund. The promotion of these funds to, and access to this Website by, persons in the United Kingdom is accordingly restricted by law.
This Website is issued inside and outside the United Kingdom by Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP ("Lansdowne") which is authorised and regulated by The Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom ("FCA"), and is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA's Conduct of Business Sourcebook.
This Website is exempt from the scheme promotion restriction (in Section 238 of the Act) on the communication of invitations or inducements to participate in unrecognised collective investment schemes on the grounds that it is directed only at the types of person referred to above. Accordingly investment in the funds and participation in any other investment activity to which the Website relates are only available to such persons and this Website must not be relied or acted upon by any other persons.
This Website and the information contained in it constitutes a financial promotion for the purposes of the Act and the handbook of rules and guidance issued from time to time by the FCA (the "FCA Rules").
The distribution of the information contained in this Website in certain countries may be restricted by law and persons who access it are required to inform themselves and to comply with any such restrictions.  Lansdowne disclaims all responsibility where persons access or download any information from this Website in breach of any law or regulation in the country of which that person is a citizen or in which that person is residing or is domiciled. This information does not constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction. Prospective investors should inform themselves as to applicable legal requirements, exchange control regulations and taxes in the countries of their citizenship, residence or domicile.  Prospective and existing investors confirm, by accessing this website, that information accessed therein is obtained of their own volition and does not constitute active marketing undertaken by Lansdowne or its affiliated entities. 
This Website is published solely for informational purposes and has no regard to the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any person. Information contained herein is believed to be reliable but no warranty is given as to its accuracy or completeness and views and opinions, whilst given in good faith, are subject to change without notice. The information contained in this Website is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice. Potential investors in the funds that are described, or referred to, in this Website should seek their own independent financial advice. Lansdowne neither provides investment advice to, nor receives and transmits orders from, investors in the funds described, or referred to, in this Website nor does it carry on any other activities with or for such investors that constitute "MiFID or equivalent third country business" for the purposes of the FCA Rules.
The entire contents of this Website are subject to copyright with all rights reserved. You may download or print individual sections of the site for your personal use and information only provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices. You may not reproduce (in whole or in part), transmit (by electronic means or otherwise), modify, link into or use for any public or commercial purpose the site without the prior written permission of Lansdowne. You must not transmit any virus, "worm", "Trojan horse", or other item of a destructive nature to the site and it is your responsibility to ensure that whatever you download or select for your use from the site is free from such items.
Where an unauthorised link to a non-Lansdowne Website exists, to the extent permitted by the Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, Lansdowne does not accept responsibility for the content of such site nor the products, services or other items offered through that site.
You should note that, if you choose to invest in any fund described or referred to in this Website, your capital will be at risk and you may therefore lose some or all of any amount that you choose to invest. This Website is established in England by Lansdowne in accordance with and shall be governed by, and your browsing in and use of this Website shall be deemed acceptance of, the laws of England and Wales. A condition of using this Website is that in the event of any dispute or proceeding you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts and waive any objection to proceedings in such courts on the grounds of venue or on the grounds that the proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum.
By accessing this Website beyond this point you confirm your status as professional client or eligible counterparty (as defined in the FCA Rules) and you warrant as such. Accordingly, the protections afforded to retail clients under the FCA Rules may not be available to you if you become a client of Lansdowne. You will not be able to sue Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP under sections 71 or 150 of the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Please consult your legal adviser or visit The Financial Conduct Authority for further explanation.
Each time you use this Website, a condition of use is that you comply with the above terms.

Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP (registered in England and Wales, No. OC388966) is authorised and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority, and is registered as an investment adviser with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America. 



















Pillar 3 Disclosures  » Lansdowne Partners
















Toggle navigation











Media Centre


Contact Us

LPUK
LPA
Log in








Pillar 3 Disclosures 
31 December 2016 update
I. Background
Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP (the “Partnership”) is regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) and is classified as a Collective Portfolio Management Investment Firm. The Partnership is a member of a UK consolidation group which also includes its First Corporate Member, Lansdowne Partners Limited. The information provided in this document has been prepared on a consolidated basis for this group (the “Firm”).
The Pillar 3 disclosure requirement stems from the UK’s CRD III implementing Regulations which represented the European Union’s application of the Basel Capital Accord. The Firm is no longer formally subject to Capital Requirements Directive (CRD) but remain subject to the UK’s implementation Regulations of CRD III. The CRD introduced consistent capital adequacy standards and an associated supervisory framework in the EU based. The Directive, introduced into the UK by the FCA, consists of three ‘pillars’:
- Pillar 1 - This specifies the minimum capital requirements which the UK consolidation group, of which the Partnership is a member, is required to hold
- Pillar 2 - This supervisory review process requires an assessment to be made of whether additional capital should be held against risks not covered by Pillar 1.
- Pillar 3 - This introduces public disclosure of qualitative and quantitative information and is designed to promote market discipline by providing market participants with key information on a firm’s risk exposures and risk management processes.
The disclosures below are the required Pillar 3 disclosures. The disclosures do not apply to the funds managed the Partnership, which are exposed to different risks.
The Firm is a Full Scope UK AIFM of non-EEA AIFs and also undertakes additional activities which result in the Firm being a BIPRU firm. The Firm is required to disclose its risk management objectives and policies for each separate category of risk which include the strategies and processes to manage those risks; the structure and organisation of the relevant risk management function or other appropriate arrangement; the scope and nature of risk reporting and measurement systems; and the policies for hedging and mitigating risk, and the strategies and processes for monitoring the continuing effectiveness of hedges and mitigants.
II. Risk management objectives and policies
The Firm maintains a clear delineation between Investment Management teams and the Business Management team. The members of the Firm’s management committee determine and outline the Firm’s business strategy. As part of this process, they consider the Firm’s risk appetite to ensure that the Firm’s risk management framework is appropriately designed and implemented. The Firm’s Risk Oversight Committee (including the Firm’s Chairman, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial and Compliance Officer and Head of Risk) is responsible for overseeing and supervising the risk management function. The Risk Oversight Committee and key members of the Firm’s Operations and Business Management teams meet on a regular basis to discuss and identify any potential risks that the Firm faces.
Operational Risk Operational risk is overseen by the Risk Oversight Committee and is primarily the responsibility of the Business Management team. The Firm maintains an Operational Risk Policy & Framework including a detailed risk map that identifies the risks faced by the Firm and the mitigating factors and controls that address these risks. Each risk is assigned a level of impact and probability of either high, medium high, medium low or low. The Firm aims to ensure that there are sufficient mitigating factors and controls to ensure that the net probability of each risk is low. The risks map is reviewed and approved by the Firm’s Risk Committee on a quarterly basis. It is the responsibility of the Compliance & Risk team to monitor the effectiveness of the mitigating controls. The Firm has also engaged an independent accounting firm to undertake annual testing of the internal control environment.
Business Risk The Firm has identified the key business risks as principally taking the form of a fall in the assets under management or the loss of key staff which may reduce the fee income earned and hinder its ability to meet its expenses. To mitigate business risks, the Finance team periodically models various different economic scenarios to assess the potential impact that these would have on the Firm’s financial position. The exposure to these business risks is to some extent mitigated by having (i) distinct and diversified strategies managed by 5 separate investment teams, (ii) appropriate staff retention policies and (iii) broad investor base with no reliance on key investors.
Market Risk Market risk is limited to exposure to foreign currency balances. Foreign currency balances are limited to fees due that are received in US dollars and Euros before they are converted into Sterling. Foreign currency balances are monitored and converted as appropriate.
Credit Risk The Firm’s exposure to credit risk is principally the risk that investment management fees cannot be collected and the exposure to banks where collected fees are deposited.
The Firm follows the standardised approach for the assessment of both market risk and credit risk, using a simplified approach to calculate risk weights for credit risk exposures.
III. Capital resources
The Firm is not required to calculate an operational risk charge for its Pillar 1 requirement under applicable exemptions. As a Collective Portfolio Management Investment Firm, the Firm’s minimum capital requirement under Pillar 1 is therefore the greatest of:
- the base capital requirement of €50,000;
- the sum of its market and credit risk requirements; and
- its fixed overhead requirement.
In practice, the fixed overhead requirement is the greatest and therefore establishes the Firm’s minimum capital requirement under Pillar 1.
The Firm assesses the adequacy of its capital through its Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process. As part of this process, the Firm assesses all known risks, including operational and business risks, and performs stress and scenario tests to determine whether the level of capital that the Firm holds is adequate to support its current and future activities. Following this analysis, it is the Firm’s opinion that no additional capital is currently required.
The Firm’s regulatory capital (on a consolidated basis) as at 31 December 2016 consists of the following:

Capital item


£'000


Tier 1 capital less innovative tier 1 capital


15,355


Total of tier 2, innovative tier 1 and tier 3 capital


-


Deductions from tier 1 and tier 2 capital


-


Total capital resources, net of deductions


15,355

 
The Firm does not hold any equities, other than those considered immaterial, does not have a trading book and does not undertake any form of securitisation.
The Firm’s capital resources requirement consists of its fixed overhead requirement and not the total of the credit risk and market risk requirements. Therefore disclosures relating to credit and market risk are considered to be immaterial.
IV. Remuneration
The Firm’s Remuneration and Management Committee are responsible for setting and implementing the Firm’s remuneration policy. During this process and when setting individual remuneration awards, the Remuneration and Management Committee would seek input from key business units (including business management, risk oversight and compliance). In addition, the Firm seeks advice from external consultants where appropriate.
The Firm acknowledges the following general principles:
- Remuneration policies and practices should be consistent with, and promote, sound and effective risk management and not encourage risk-taking which is inconsistent with the risk profile of the Funds the Partnership manages. 
- Remuneration policy should be in line with the business strategy, objectives, values and interests of the Firm and the Funds it managers (or the investors in such Funds), and include measures to avoid conflicts of interest. 
- The Firm’s total variable remuneration should not limit the Firm’s ability to strengthen its capital base.
- Where the Firm’s financial performance is subdued or negative, total variable remuneration should generally be considerably contracted, taking into account both current remuneration and reductions in pay-outs of amounts previously earned.
The Firm’s performance appraisal process includes an assessment of both financial and non-financial performance metrics. Non-financial factors considered include staff’s adherence to Lansdowne policies and procedures, ethics culture and risk management framework. Regard is also given to assess performance in a multi-year timeframe, where this is appropriate.
Discretionary bonuses will be as determined by the Remuneration Committee. The factors used in setting such bonuses include:
a) the individual’s seniority within the Firm and overall contribution to the Firm and the Funds it manages assessed over the medium to long-term;b) achievement of objectives linked to the individual’s role;c) financial performance of the Firm;d) the individual’s professional development;e) the individual’s contribution to development of junior staff; andf) the individual’s compliance with internal policies and procedures, ethics culture and risk management framework.
Based on the Firm’s profile, senior management consider that it has one business area, investment management. For the purposes of the remuneration disclosures required by BIPRU 11.5.18R, the partnership has identified staff who have a material impact on the risk profile of the firm. For the financial year to 31 March 2016, the total remuneration for these staff was £248m.
 


















Austria » Lansdowne Partners

















Toggle navigation











Media Centre


Contact Us

LPUK
LPA
Log in









Investment Management








Lansdowne is one of the world’s leading investment management partnerships.
Founded in 1998, Lansdowne manages assets for a diversified client base that
                    includes some of the world's largest and most sophisticated investors.




Investor Login


Log in











Should you require assistance or further information, please contact us on:






Tel: +43 (0) 122 78 90



infolpa@lansdownepartners.com




















Log in » Lansdowne Partners
















Toggle navigation











Media Centre


Contact Us

LPUK
LPA
Log in









Please choose an authentication method and enter your credentials to access the site.
If you have not registered yet, please complete our online registration form, and a member of our team will follow up shortly.
Register Now 









Email





Password






Remember me?








Lost your password? Click Here





















Lansdowne Partners UK LLP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



























lansdowne partners uk llp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP operates as an investment management firm. The Company offers portfolio management and advisory services to individuals, institutions, trusts, private funds, charitable organizations, and investment companies. Lansdowne Partners serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

15 Davies Street
London, W1K 3AG
United Kingdom


Phone:
44-20-7290-5500


Fax:
44-20-7409-1122


Web url:
www.lansdownepartners.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


Stuart Roden
Lansdowne Partners UK LLP


























From The Web











Key Executives


Stuart Grant Roden


Chairman




Hugh James Orange


CFO/Chief Compliance OFC




Suzi Nutton


Chief Operating Officer




Andy Simpkin


Head of Investor Relations







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































    Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP | United Kingdom | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
    GB|ActiveReportAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskTurnover
                                          418.3M
                                                                                        GBP137.11%
                                          Net Assets
                                          111.8M
                                                                                        GBP86.54%
                                          Return on Capital Employed (%)
                                          327.65
                                                                                        %Liquidity Ratio
                                          558.9k
                                                                                DetailsCompany nameLansdowne Partners (UK) LLPCompany numberOC388966Legal Entity Identifier549300ADEBO7HF4LSX14
                                                         Source
                                  Company typeOtherIncorporation date05 Nov 2013Type of accounts filingFull AccountsLatest annual returns
                            05 Nov 2016
                        Next annual returns due
                                19 Nov 2017
                                                                                            Latest annual accounts
                                    31 Mar 2016
                                Next annual accounts due
                                31 Dec 2017
                                                                                            SIC 2003
                                —
                            SIC 2007
                                —
                            Websitehttp://www.lansdownepartners.comSocial MediaRegistered Address15 Davies StreetLondonW1K 3AGUnited KingdomTrading addresses and phone numbers
                            Find contact information in the Locations tab.
                        Go to LocationsDescription
            
                
            
    Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP was founded on 05 Nov 2013        and has its registered office in London.
                The organisation's status is listed as "Active".             
                It currently has  14 directors.
    
                        The company's first directors were Stuart Grant Roden, Lansdowne Partners Limited.                        Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
                    does not have any subsidiaries.        RegulationFinancial Conduct Authority See the FCA status of any company. For Enterprise users only.
                        Cash28,603,632 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Liabilities200 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Net Assets111,781,640 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Assets111,781,840 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Registered NamesFromUntilPrevious Name30 Jun 2008PresentWidgets R Us Ltd01 Jun 197030 Jun 2008Widgets Were Us LtdRegistered NamesFind out if this company has traded using a different registered name.See sampleCompany characteristicsIndustry Keywords
                                        investment consultants
                                    
                                        investment
                                    
                                        management services
                                    
                                        asset management
                                    
                                        investment management
                                    
                                        partnership
                                    
                                        financial
                                    
                                        finance
                                    Size
                                    Large
                                
                                Turnover
                                (50M
                                to
                                500M)
                            Age
                                    Startup
                                
                                0-5 years
                            Location
                                    W1K
                                AboutChoose a DescriptionDueDil DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionHelp keep this company's profile up to date.Add a DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionThe provision of investment management services.LocationChoose an AddressRegistered addressTrading address15 Davies StreetLondonW1K 3AGUnited Kingdom15 Davies StreetLondonW1K 3AGUnited KingdomView mapView map
                                    Get rich data on the companies that matter to you.
                            
                                    DueDil provides company information to help businesses find opportunities and mitigate risk.
                            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×









UK Stewardship Code » Lansdowne Partners
















Toggle navigation











Media Centre


Contact Us

LPUK
LPA
Log in








UK Stewardship Code
September 2016 update
Introduction
The UK Financial Reporting Council's Stewardship Code (“the Code”), published in July 2010, is a voluntary code which sets out a number of principles relating to engagement by investors with UK equity issuers. Lansdowne welcomed the publication of the Code, is supportive of its objectives and has committed to the Code. The principles of the Code, which is applied on a “comply or explain” basis, are that institutional investors should: 1. Publicly disclose their policy on how they will discharge their stewardship responsibilities. 2. Have a robust policy on managing conflicts of interest in relation to stewardship and this policy should be publicly disclosed. 3. Monitor their investee companies. 4. Establish clear guidelines on when and how they will escalate their activities as a method of protecting and enhancing shareholder value. 5. Be willing to act collectively with other investors where appropriate. 6. Have a clear policy on voting and disclosure of voting activity. 7. Report periodically on their stewardship and voting activities. The following is an outline of how Lansdowne applies the Code in its engagement with UK equity issuers.
Principle 1: Institutional investors should publicly disclose their policy on how they will discharge their stewardship responsibilities.
This policy is published so that investors and investee companies are aware of the way in which Lansdowne integrates stewardship activities into its investment process. Lansdowne has outlined in this statement each of the principles of the Code and how it complies with them or explains why it does not.
Engagement with investee companies is primarily the responsibility of the investment teams and the respective portfolio managers. Lansdowne considers access to management an important part of investment in core positions and will generally meet with the management of core positions either quarterly or half yearly in order to discuss issues such as governance, strategy, social/environmental impact and shareholder value. Lansdowne believes that its engagement with management on such issues is integral to the discharge of its stewardship responsibilities and the interests of its clients. Lansdowne is unlikely to invest in companies where it appears that management is not acting in the best interests of shareholders.
Lansdowne’s proxy voting procedures and record-keeping are overseen by Lansdowne’s Operations team who, subject to Lansdowne’s policies and procedures, refer to the applicable portfolio manager for voting decisions. When doing so, portfolio managers are provided with reports from ISS Europe Limited (“ISS”), a third party which the firm has engaged to provide corporate research and to facilitate the voting of proxies. Where the instruction from the portfolio manager is contrary to the recommendation of ISS, a reason will be requested and will be recorded in the proxy voting log.
Whilst Lansdowne does utilise ISS to assist in proxy voting, it does not generally outsource its stewardship responsibilities.
Lansdowne’s Compliance team carry out a quarterly review of the proxy voting log to ensure consistency with the firm’s proxy voting policy.
Principle 2: Institutional investors should have a robust policy on managing conflicts of interest in relation to stewardship and this policy should be publicly disclosed.
Lansdowne maintains a robust policy on managing conflicts of interest which is designed to ensure its decisions are taken wholly in the interest of its clients. Lansdowne aims to ensure that all potential and actual conflicts are identified, evaluated, managed, monitored and recorded.
Lansdowne’s ownership structure is that of a private Limited Liability Partnership managing assets for multiple pooled investment funds and segregated managed accounts. Material potential conflicts of interest (including, but not limited to, policies with respect to trade allocation, personal account dealing, best execution and outside business interests) are disclosed to clients and prospective clients in Lansdowne’s Form ADV 2, due diligence questionnaires and, where appropriate, relevant client agreements. As part of Lansdowne’ conflicts of interest policy, all members of staff must notify Lansdowne’s Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) if they become aware of any material conflict of interest arising, including in relation to voting proxies on behalf of clients. Where such a material conflict of interest is identified, voting instructions will be subject to assessment and approval by the CCO. Our principal objectives when considering matters such as engagement and voting are always to act in the best interests of our clients and to treat them fairly. A summary of the Lansdowne’s conflicts of interest policy is available to clients upon request from Lansdowne’s Chief Compliance Officer.
Principle 3: Institutional investors should monitor their investee companies.
Comprehensive and continuous research and monitoring of investee companies is fundamental to Lansdowne’s investment process. Lansdowne utilises various research and support tools to meet this principle. The monitoring process will include meeting with senior management of the investee companies, analysing annual reports and financial statements, using independent third party and broker research, attending company meetings and road shows and proxy voting corporate research provided by ISS. Lansdowne endeavours to identify problems at an early stage to minimise any loss of shareholder value. If investment teams have concerns, where appropriate, they will use their best efforts to ensure that the appropriate members of the investee company’s board are made aware of them. Such concerns may include, amongst other things, corporate governance issues where we believe they have an impact on shareholder value (including, where applicable, deviations from the UK Corporate Governance Code). However, in seeking to act in the best interests of its clients, Lansdowne may also consider it better to reduce or eliminate an investment rather than to continue such dialogue. Lansdowne investment teams review the effectiveness of their monitoring on an ongoing basis as part of the investment process. Lansdowne maintains records of votes cast and of reasons where voting is contrary to the recommendation of ISS. It is not always administratively possible to record whether such votes were cast in respect of contentious issues due to the inherent subjectivity this entails or to record details of every engagement with management of investee companies. Lansdowne may attend General Meetings of companies in which its clients have a major holding where this is considered appropriate and practicable. Lansdowne does not generally wish to be made insiders in normal circumstances, and therefore expects investee companies and their advisers to ensure that information that could affect Lansdowne’s ability to deal in the shares of the company concerned is not conveyed to Lansdowne without its prior agreement. Principle 4: Institutional investors should establish clear guidelines on when and how they will escalate their activities as a method of protecting and enhancing shareholder value.
As part of Lansdowne’s investment strategy, it seeks to build effective relationships with boards and management at the companies in which it invests. Lansdowne will generally look to invest in companies that it believes to be well managed. As part of the research and monitoring process, Lansdowne may look to intervene by holding meetings with management and/or directors to express Lansdowne’s concerns or express its views through other channels. These concerns will generally be motivated by the failure of management to uphold shareholder value. Lansdowne will continue to meet with the company and monitor developments to assess changes in the company’s approach. Should concerns persist, Lansdowne may seek to intervene formally through written letters addressed to the appropriate company board or committee members. In addition, Lansdowne will consider whether it would be more effective to intervene jointly with other institutions but will only do so where this is considered appropriate and in the best interest of its clients and where it is felt management are not maximising shareholder value. Lansdowne acknowledges that a variety of factors will make each situation unique and therefor the approach taken to escalation of concerns will vary on a case by case basis . In general, Lansdowne is unlikely to make public statements, submit resolutions or requisition an EGM or shareholder proposal. Lansdowne typically believes that any escalation is best carried out on a confidential basis.
Principle 5: Institutional investors should be willing to act collectively with other investors where appropriate.
Lansdowne has no objection in principle to collective action by investors and will consider any specific action on a case by case basis subject to regulatory restraints, company strategy or governance. However, in normal circumstances, Lansdowne will tend to act on its own when engaging with or expressing concerns to investee companies. Whilst Lansdowne may communicate with other shareholders regarding a specific proposal, it will not agree to vote in concert with another shareholder without approval from Lansdowne’s Chief Compliance Officer. Other investors wishing to approach Lansdowne should contact Lansdowne’s Chief Compliance Officer Hugh Orange, using the following contact details:
Email: financeandcompliance@lansdownepartners.com Telephone: +44 (0)20 7290 5500
Principle 6: Institutional investors should have a clear policy on voting and disclosure of voting activity.
Lansdowne maintains proxy voting policies and procedures that are designed to ensure that it makes a best efforts attempt to vote proxies in the best interests of its clients and will always seek to vote all of its shares. Lansdowne generally votes in favour of routine corporate housekeeping proposals, including election of directors (where no corporate governance issues are involved). For other proposals, Lansdowne will assess what is in the best interests of its clients and, in doing so, may take into account the following factors: • whether the proposal was recommended by management and Lansdowne’s opinion of management; • whether the proposal acts to entrench existing management;• whether the proposal fairly compensates management for past and future performance; and • the proxy voting research provided by ISS to the investment teams before shareholder meetings.Lansdowne does not publicly disclose voting records as it considers that such information belongs to its clients on whose behalf it has voted and not the general public. Lansdowne generally does not lend securities on behalf of its clients.Principle 7: Institutional investors should report periodically on their stewardship and voting activities.
Subject to underlying client confidentiality and investment strategy reasons, where requested (or as required by law), Lansdowne may disclose to a client (i.e. a segregated managed account or the governing body of a pooled fund) or a client’s fiduciaries the manner in which Lansdowne exercised voting rights on behalf of the client. The information reported, frequency and format used will be as agreed between Lansdowne and the respective client.
Where acting as investment manager to a pooled fund, Lansdowne will not typically disclose voting actions at a detailed level to the underlying investors in the pooled fund as this may result in inappropriate disclosure of confidential and sensitive portfolio position information. However, on request, Lansdowne may provide to such underlying investors summary details of how it has voted (i.e. with company names redacted). In addition, Lansdowne may, on request, provide other details of its engagement approach and activities (such as number of company meetings held or examples of any concerns raised) to clients and underlying investors. It is not Lansdowne’s policy to publically disclose such records.
Lansdowne believes that this is an appropriate level of transparency designed to promote effective stewardship and assist evaluation by asset owners, whilst recognising that disclosure of confidential portfolio information (including as mentioned above) may, in some circumstances, be inappropriate and counterproductive.
Lansdowne’s processes relating to its corporate governance activities are included within the scope of annual internal controls testing performed by an independent accounting firm which Lansdowne has engaged to perform an outsourced internal audit function. The results of such testing are not generally made available but clients wishing to obtain further information should contact Lansdowne’s Chief Compliance Officer. We believe this is an appropriate level of independent assurance.








﻿




























Lansdowne Partners UK LLP Acquires Shares of 11,747 Adobe Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:ADBE) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Adobe Systems Incorporated
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Adobe Systems Incorporated with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Analyzing Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation (GLDD) and Layne Christensen (NASDAQ:LAYN)
Aerohive Networks, Inc. (NYSE:HIVE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $43.13 Million
Beneficial Bancorp, Inc. (BNCL) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results
Flowserve Corporation (FLS) Position Maintained by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt
Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Cuts Position in East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC)
Tenneco Inc. (TEN) Position Held by Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd.
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Has $1.07 Million Stake in Fulton Financial Corporation (FULT)
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Sells 5,034 Shares of Valley National Bancorp (VLY)
Sanchez Energy Corporation’s (SN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank Of Canada
Associates L.L.C. Cdk Buys 215,000 Shares of Kala Pharmaceuticals Inc (KALA) Stock
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Sells 27,335 Shares of Zendesk, Inc. (NYSE:ZEN)
Central Garden & Pet Company (CENT) Shares Bought by Bank of America Corp DE
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Boosts Position in Terex Corporation (TEX)
People’s United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.17 on  August 15th
Scana Corporation (SCG) Lifted to Neutral at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
Endo International PLC (ENDP) Bonds Trading 1.3% Higher
Insider Selling: Western Digital Corporation (WDC) Insider Sells $2,693,850.40 in Stock
Truck & Bus Gmbh Volkswagen Purchases 158,026 Shares of Navistar International Corporation (NYSE:NAV) Stock
Teleflex (NYSE:TFX) and AngioDynamics (ANGO) Head to Head Analysis
Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $1.62 Million Position in Old National Bancorp (NASDAQ:ONB)



 


Lansdowne Partners UK LLP Acquires Shares of 11,747 Adobe Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:ADBE)

					Posted by Devon Dixon on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Lansdowne Partners UK LLP acquired a new stake in shares of  Adobe Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:ADBE) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund acquired 11,747 shares of the software company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,529,000. 
Other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Clean Yield Group bought a new stake in  Adobe Systems during the first quarter valued at $100,000.  Washington Trust Bank boosted its stake in  Adobe Systems by 13.8% in the first quarter. Washington Trust Bank now owns 840 shares of the software company’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 102 shares during the period.  Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC bought a new stake in  Adobe Systems during the first quarter valued at $113,000.  Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in  Adobe Systems by 86.2% in the first quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co. Ltd. now owns 1,080 shares of the software company’s stock valued at $141,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the period.  Finally, WFG Advisors LP boosted its stake in  Adobe Systems by 10.1% in the first quarter. WFG Advisors LP now owns 1,263 shares of the software company’s stock valued at $164,000 after buying an additional 116 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  87.84% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Adobe Systems Incorporated alerts:



Shares of Adobe Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:ADBE) opened at 149.52 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $73.77 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 52.08 and a beta of 1.00. Adobe Systems Incorporated has a 52 week low of $95.42 and a 52 week high of $150.40. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $142.67 and its 200-day moving average is $128.85. 




Adobe Systems (NASDAQ:ADBE) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, June 20th. The software company reported $1.02 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.95 by $0.07. The firm had revenue of $1.77 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.73 billion. Adobe Systems had a net margin of 22.11% and a return on equity of 20.06%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 26.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.71 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts anticipate that  Adobe Systems Incorporated will post $4.06 earnings per share for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally  published by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/23/lansdowne-partners-uk-llp-acquires-shares-of-11747-adobe-systems-incorporated-nasdaqadbe.html. 
Several research firms have recently weighed in on ADBE. UBS AG began coverage on shares of Adobe Systems in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of Adobe Systems from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $157.68 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, July 18th. BidaskClub cut shares of Adobe Systems from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 4th. Pacific Crest raised their price objective on shares of Adobe Systems from $142.00 to $174.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 21st. Finally, Rosenblatt Securities  restated a “buy” rating and set a $155.00 price objective on shares of Adobe Systems in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned  a hold rating and twenty-eight have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $153.20.
In other news, EVP Abhay Parasnis sold 12,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, July 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $149.38, for a total value of $1,867,250.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Donna Morris sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, July 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $150.00, for a total transaction of $1,500,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 102,519 shares of company stock worth $14,894,384. Company insiders own  0.38% of the company’s stock. 
About Adobe Systems
Adobe Systems Incorporated is a software company. The Company offers products and services used by professionals, marketers, knowledge workers, application developers, enterprises and consumers for creating, managing, delivering, measuring, optimizing and engaging with compelling content and experiences.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ADBE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Adobe Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:ADBE).







Receive News & Ratings for Adobe Systems Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Adobe Systems Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Analyzing Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation  and Layne Christensen 





Aerohive Networks, Inc.  Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $43.13 Million





Beneficial Bancorp, Inc.  Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results





Flowserve Corporation  Position Maintained by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt





Nuveen Asset Management LLC Sells 5,034 Shares of Valley National Bancorp 





Tenneco Inc.  Position Held by Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd.






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 



































LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
                    

HTTPS://WWW.LANSDOWNEPARTNERS.COM
•   LONDON, X0
                          • Investment Advisor
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Lansdowne Partners (uk) LLP is based out of London. Lansdowne Partners (uk) LLP is a hedge fund  with  26-100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $32,850,898,944 (Form ADV from 2014-05-20).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $11,501,339,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 92.65%. Lansdowne Partners (uk) LLP's largest holding is JPMorgan Chase & Co. with shares held of 22,277,793.  Lansdowne Partners (uk) LLP has met the qualifications for inclusion in our WhaleScore system.    WhaleWisdom has at least 51 13Fs and  34 13D/G filings in our database for Lansdowne Partners (uk) LLP. 
                                           






Equal-WTWhaleScore
?


66
S&P 500WhaleScore
?



Manager WeightedWhaleScore
?















Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History
Intl. Short Positions
UK Holdings



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


WFC
        
        Wells Fargo & Co. (...
4.731%



BAC
        
        Bank of America Corp.
3.794%



FB
        
        Facebook Inc
2.251%



AMZN
        
        Amazon.com Inc.
1.766%



HAS
        
        Hasbro Inc.
1.111%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


NKE
         
         NIKE Inc.
6.157%


LTD
         
         L Brands Inc
5.342%


DIS
         
         Walt Disney Co. (The)
2.088%


V
         
         VISA Inc
0.989%


GOOGL
         
         ALPHABET INC COM ST...
0.33%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


JPM
                                                  
                                                  JPMorgan Chase & Co.
17.0144%


CMCSA
                                                  
                                                  Comcast Corp. (New) Class A
12.8822%


AMZN
                                                  
                                                  Amazon.com Inc.
11.5833%


DAL
                                                  
                                                  Delta Air Lines Inc. (New)
11.2305%


BAC
                                                  
                                                  Bank of America Corp.
9.7974%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $11.501 Billion

                        Prior Market Value
                        $11.23 Billion
New Purchases12 stocks
Additional Purchases16 stocks
Sold out of12 stocks
Reduced holdings in10 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %92.65%
Turnover %
                        [1]:53.33%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:26.12%
Time Held Top20:9.50 quarters
Time Held Top10:11.00 quarters
Time Held All:7.00 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-07-20 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
5.15%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
20.3%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-24








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-24
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2004 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-09-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







  This lets you look at individual sub managers or subsidiaries within
  the 13F filing.




Quarter:
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager:






Optionally compare to:



Quarter 2:
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager 2:













Number of shares is NOT split-adjusted



View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

LANSDOWNE PARTNERS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

Classified as Hedge Fund

15 DAVIES STREET


LONDON

            
        W1K 3AG
Country: UNITED KINGDOM


          Business Phone:
          44-20-7290-5500
Fax:
              44-20-7409-1122


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm,Principal Office Outside the US,Investment advisor to an investment company
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Partnership 


Organized in:



Number of employees:
70


Other Business Activities:
commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor 


Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          
3,399,510,000



                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              
8


Disclosures:




HTTPS://WWW.LANSDOWNEPARTNERS.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories



**EXPERIMENTAL** Current International Short Positions

  Get more info on our International short position coverage here




Holder
Issuer
Net Short Position
Position Date
Origin




Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
AGGREKO PLC
2.98%
2014-07-01
UK


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
AIRBUS GROUP SE
0.58%
2017-02-15
FRANCE


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
BABCOCK INTL GROUP PLC
0.52%
2017-07-13
UK


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
EDENRED
0.59%
2016-07-26
FRANCE


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
GLENCORE XSTRATA PLC
0.87%
2017-01-24
UK


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
PEUGEOT S.A.
0.89%
2017-01-05
FRANCE


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
PROVIDENT FINANCIAL PLC
2.19%
2016-04-12
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Ströer SE & Co. KGaA
1.16%
2017-03-31
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
VOLKSWAGEN AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT
0.61%
2016-10-21
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
WEIR GROUP PLC/THE
1.76%
2017-07-19
UK



Short Position History (last 100)



Holder
Net Short Position
Position Date
Origin




Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
0.0%
2014-07-01
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
2.98%
2014-05-16
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
3.02%
2014-05-15
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
2.91%
2014-04-10
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
2.84%
2014-04-04
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
2.79%
2014-04-03
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
2.4%
2014-03-28
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
2.33%
2014-03-26
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
2.21%
2014-03-25
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
2.14%
2013-10-11
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
2.46%
2013-10-07
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
2.56%
2013-10-04
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
2.62%
2012-11-20
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
2.45%
2012-11-19
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
2.31%
2012-11-15
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
AGGREKO PLC
2.28%
2012-11-01
UK


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
AIRBUS GROUP SE
0.68%
2017-01-23
FRANCE


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
AIRBUS GROUP SE
0.7%
2016-11-25
FRANCE


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
AIRBUS GROUP SE
0.61%
2016-11-17
FRANCE


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
AIRBUS GROUP SE
0.55%
2016-10-24
FRANCE


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
AIRBUS GROUP SE
0.67%
2016-09-06
FRANCE


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
AIRBUS GROUP SE
0.71%
2016-06-29
FRANCE


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
AIRBUS GROUP SE
0.62%
2016-06-27
FRANCE


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
AIRBUS GROUP SE
0.54%
2016-06-23
FRANCE


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
AIRBUS GROUP SE
0.49%
2015-12-01
FRANCE


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
AIRBUS GROUP SE
0.52%
2015-11-24
FRANCE


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
AIRBUS GROUP SE
0.64%
2015-10-23
FRANCE


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
AIRBUS GROUP SE
0.51%
2015-10-06
FRANCE


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Allianz SE
0.68%
2016-11-10
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Allianz SE
0.7%
2016-10-20
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Allianz SE
0.68%
2016-10-10
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Allianz SE
0.73%
2016-09-26
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Allianz SE
0.68%
2016-09-09
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Allianz SE
0.72%
2016-07-01
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Allianz SE
0.68%
2016-04-21
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Allianz SE
0.75%
2016-03-14
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Allianz SE
0.81%
2015-12-14
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Allianz SE
0.79%
2015-10-07
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Allianz SE
0.8%
2015-10-02
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Allianz SE
0.7%
2015-07-20
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Allianz SE
0.61%
2015-07-15
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
Allianz SE
0.5%
2015-07-02
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
APR ENERGY PLC
0.0%
2014-07-09
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
APR ENERGY PLC
0.61%
2014-07-08
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
APR ENERGY PLC
0.72%
2014-07-04
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
APR ENERGY PLC
0.85%
2014-07-02
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
APR ENERGY PLC
0.93%
2014-07-01
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
APR ENERGY PLC
0.0%
2014-07-01
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
APR ENERGY PLC
0.93%
2014-06-27
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
APR ENERGY PLC
1.24%
2014-06-24
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
APR ENERGY PLC
1.79%
2014-06-20
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
APR ENERGY PLC
2.73%
2013-10-29
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
APR ENERGY PLC
3.27%
2012-11-01
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
ASHMORE GROUP PLC
0.49%
2015-01-13
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
ASHMORE GROUP PLC
0.53%
2015-01-12
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
ASHMORE GROUP PLC
0.63%
2014-11-19
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
ASHMORE GROUP PLC
0.75%
2014-10-01
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
ASHMORE GROUP PLC
0.89%
2014-09-29
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
ASHMORE GROUP PLC
1.24%
2014-07-01
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
ASHMORE GROUP PLC
0.0%
2014-07-01
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
ASHMORE GROUP PLC
1.23%
2014-02-25
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
ASHMORE GROUP PLC
0.83%
2014-01-15
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
ASHMORE GROUP PLC
0.67%
2014-01-14
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
ASHMORE GROUP PLC
0.49%
2013-02-27
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
ASHMORE GROUP PLC
0.5%
2013-02-22
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
BASF SE
0.57%
2016-03-07
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
BASF SE
0.6%
2015-09-29
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
BASF SE
0.51%
2015-08-07
GERMANY


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
BRITISH SKY BROADCASTING GRO
0.47%
2013-03-21
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
BRITISH SKY BROADCASTING GRO
0.59%
2013-03-18
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
BRITISH SKY BROADCASTING GRO
0.66%
2013-03-15
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
BRITISH SKY BROADCASTING GRO
0.77%
2013-03-14
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
BRITISH SKY BROADCASTING GRO
1.03%
2013-03-11
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
BRITISH SKY BROADCASTING GRO
1.24%
2013-02-07
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
BRITISH SKY BROADCASTING GRO
1.39%
2013-02-05
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
BRITISH SKY BROADCASTING GRO
1.49%
2013-02-04
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
BRITISH SKY BROADCASTING GRO
1.59%
2013-01-24
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
BRITISH SKY BROADCASTING GRO
1.69%
2013-01-22
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
BRITISH SKY BROADCASTING GRO
1.72%
2012-11-02
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
BRITISH SKY BROADCASTING GRO
1.81%
2012-11-01
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
CAPITA PLC
0.48%
2016-07-04
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
CAPITA PLC
0.58%
2016-06-30
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
CAPITA PLC
0.68%
2016-06-29
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
CAPITA PLC
0.75%
2016-02-25
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
CARILLION PLC
0.46%
2015-01-14
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
CARILLION PLC
0.54%
2015-01-08
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
CARILLION PLC
0.68%
2014-12-05
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
CARILLION PLC
0.73%
2014-12-01
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
CARILLION PLC
0.66%
2014-11-18
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
CARILLION PLC
0.78%
2014-11-13
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
CARILLION PLC
0.81%
2014-09-30
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
CARILLION PLC
0.67%
2014-09-29
UK


Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP
CARILLION PLC
0.53%
2014-09-26
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
DIRECT LINE INSURANCE GROUP
0.13%
2013-09-20
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
DIRECT LINE INSURANCE GROUP
0.61%
2013-09-19
UK


Lansdowne Partners Limited*
DIRECT LINE INSURANCE GROUP
0.52%
2013-09-03
UK


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
EDENRED
0.6%
2016-04-01
FRANCE


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
EDENRED
0.5%
2015-10-30
FRANCE


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
EDENRED
0.49%
2015-10-01
FRANCE


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
EDENRED
0.51%
2015-09-29
FRANCE






**EXPERIMENTAL** Current UK Positions
Updated daily

    Contains transactions from January 1st, 2015 on.
  



Holder
Issuer
Transaction Date
Number of Voting Rights
% of Voting Rights




LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
SUMMIT THERAPEUTICS PLC ORD 1P
2016-10-13
15,727,170
25.48%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
SINCLAIR IS PHARMA
2016-09-30
59,987,523
11.95%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
Benchmark Holdings PLC
2016-08-09
80,000,000
15.34%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
AGGREGATED MICRO POWER HOLDINGS PLC ORD 0.5P
2016-08-08
4,402,256
14.11%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
British Land Co PLC
2016-07-13
54,213,442
5.27%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
GROUP PLC ORD 1P
2016-07-04
74,500,000
4.41%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
Circle Holdings PLC
2016-06-08
54,438,993
23.01%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
Imperial Innovations Group PLC
2016-02-23
20,406,634
12.88%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
Cairn Homes plc
2015-10-01
33,276,612
7.08%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
PURETECH HEALTH PLC ORD 1P
2015-09-24
11,875,000
5.0%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
IP GROUP
2015-05-19
72,481,057
12.84%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
INMARSAT
2015-02-24
53,892,245
12.02%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
CIRCASSIA
2015-01-13
7,893,712
4.17%



Position History



Holder
Issuer
Transaction Date
Number of Voting Rights
% of Voting Rights




LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
Benchmark Holdings PLC
2015-12-31
80,000,000
16.88%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
Benchmark Holdings PLC
2015-12-30
80,000,000
18.37%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
CARPHONE PLC ORD 0.1P
2015-11-03
57,675,527
5.01%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
PURETECH HEALTH PLC ORD 1P
2015-07-03
11,850,000
4.99%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
PURETECH HEALTH PLC ORD 1P
2015-06-19
11,850,000
5.21%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
Cairn Homes plc
2015-06-10
30,138,500
7.01%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
IP GROUP
2015-03-27
72,481,057
13.51%


LANSDOWNE PARTNERS (UK) LLP
SUMMIT THERAPEUTICS PLC ORD 1P
2015-03-20
15,727,170
25.8%











Elevate your investments
Try it for free






























Page Not Found - Relationship Science


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology







Page Not Found

Oops! Looks like you followed a bad link.

Click here to start over.









Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Lansdowne Partners - Wikipedia





















 






Lansdowne Partners

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Lansdowne Partners is an investment management organisation founded in 1998, one of Europe's oldest hedge funds. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles.[1]
Sir Paul Ruddock set up the firm with Steven Heinz in 1998. Ruddock retired in 2013. He is still a significant shareholder.[2] Heinz left the firm in 2014. He will continue to sit on fund boards. Major investors Peter Davies and Stuart Roden control the firm with Alex Snow as chief executive.[3]
In 2007 it was a founder member of the Hedge Fund Standards Board which sets a voluntary code of standards of best practice endorsed by its members.[4]
Lansdowne manages $18bn. It had to shut two hedge funds in 2009. Its main fund, the $8.9bn Developed Markets fund, returned 18% in 2011/2. Morgan Stanley has a 19% stake in the firm.
References[edit]



^ "Company Overview of Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP". Bloomberg Businessweek. 17 December 2012. Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ "Sir Paul Ruddock to leave Lansdowne". Independent. 5 March 2013. Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ "Management reshuffle at Lansdowne Partners". Financial News. 12 May 2014. Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ Hedge Fund Standards Board. "HFSB Founders & Core Supporters". Retrieved 27 September 2016. 



External links[edit]

Lansdowne Partners





This finance-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Lansdowne_Partners&oldid=741467037"					
Categories: Hedge fund firms in the United KingdomCompanies established in 1998Finance stubsHidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 27 September 2016, at 17:56.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 













Lansdowne Partners Ltd













































Accessibility help
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer




Subscribe to the FT








Sign In


Subscribe








Menu


Search




Financial Times





myFT









Search the FT


										Search
									

Close












Menu


Search







Home


World


US


Companies


Markets


Opinion


Work & Careers


Life & Arts





Financial Times







																	Sign In
																



																	Subscribe
																










Search the FT


										Search
									

Close













						Lansdowne Partners Ltd
					



Add to myFT

















												Add to myFT Digest

Add this topic to your myFT Digest for news straight to your inbox



															Add to myFT Digest
											
















Wednesday, 22 May, 2013








																						UK Politics & Policy
																					



																				G8 protesters target London hedge funds, private equity and banks
																			


Wednesday, 22 May, 2013



Save










Wednesday, 22 May, 2013








																						Hedge funds
																					



																				London hedge funds ‘mapped’ by G8 protesters
																			


Wednesday, 22 May, 2013



Save

















Thursday, 21 March, 2013








																						Hedge funds
																					



																				Hedge fund managers hail revival at last
																			


Thursday, 21 March, 2013



Save










Thursday, 21 March, 2013








																						Hedge funds
																					



																				Hedge funds storm back into form
																			


Thursday, 21 March, 2013



Save










Thursday, 14 March, 2013








																						Lombard
																					



																				Prop trade prohibitors encounter risk test
																			


Thursday, 14 March, 2013



Save




















Monday, 4 March, 2013








																						Hedge funds
																					



																				Ruddock to leave Lansdowne
																			


Monday, 4 March, 2013



Save










Thursday, 21 February, 2013








																						Hedge funds
																					



																				Mayfair superstars rue pay restrictions
																			


Thursday, 21 February, 2013



Save

















Friday, 16 November, 2012








																						Financials
																					



																				Man sells claims against Lehman estate
																			


Friday, 16 November, 2012



Save










Sunday, 23 September, 2012








																						Hedge funds
																					



																				Hedge funds play long game for profits
																			


Sunday, 23 September, 2012



Save









Promoted Content










Wednesday, 13 June, 2012








																						Pharmaceuticals
																					



																				Upsher-Smith bids for UK biotech group
																			


Wednesday, 13 June, 2012



Save










Thursday, 16 February, 2012








																						Hedge funds
																					



																				Hedge fund pioneer back for Asia venture
																			


Thursday, 16 February, 2012



Save




















Tuesday, 14 February, 2012








																						FT Alphaville
																					



																				Hedge funds ride European bank rally
																			


Tuesday, 14 February, 2012



Save










Monday, 13 February, 2012








																						Hedge funds
																					



																				Rally eases ‘pain trade’ for fund managers
																			


Monday, 13 February, 2012



Save










Monday, 13 February, 2012








																						Hedge funds
																					



																				Hedge funds ride European bank rally
																			


Monday, 13 February, 2012



Save










Sunday, 29 January, 2012








																						UK Politics & Policy
																					



																				Private company to run NHS general hospital for first time
																			


Sunday, 29 January, 2012



Save










Saturday, 31 December, 2011








																						UK
																					



																				Corporate figures dominate honours list
																			


Saturday, 31 December, 2011



Save










Monday, 1 August, 2011








																						FT Alphaville
																					



																				Lansdowne offloads Goldman stake
																			


Monday, 1 August, 2011



Save










Monday, 1 August, 2011








																						FT Alphaville
																					



																				Lansdowne sells Goldman Sachs stake
																			


Monday, 1 August, 2011



Save










Sunday, 31 July, 2011








																						Investment Banking
																					



																				Lansdowne sells Goldman Sachs stake
																			


Sunday, 31 July, 2011



Save










Friday, 8 July, 2011








																						FT Alphaville
																					



																				Hedge funds suffer pain of volatility
																			


Friday, 8 July, 2011



Save










Thursday, 7 July, 2011








																						Markets
																					



																				Top hedge fund managers see significant losses
																			


Thursday, 7 July, 2011



Save










Wednesday, 30 March, 2011








																						Hedge funds
																					



																				Hedge funds feel repercussions of Japan’s quake
																			


Wednesday, 30 March, 2011



Save










Sunday, 20 March, 2011








																						Fund Management
																					



																				Assets near record high but caution is watchword
																			


Sunday, 20 March, 2011



Save










Tuesday, 1 February, 2011








																						UK Equities
																					



																				Legal & General at two-year peak
																			


Tuesday, 1 February, 2011



Save










Tuesday, 11 January, 2011








																						Insurance
																					



																				Buy-out deal for Paternoster shareholders
																			


Tuesday, 11 January, 2011



Save













Previous


								You are on page 2


Next


















Close


Financial Times

International Edition



Search the FT


Search




















Lansdowne Partners - Wikipedia





















 






Lansdowne Partners

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Lansdowne Partners is an investment management organisation founded in 1998, one of Europe's oldest hedge funds. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles.[1]
Sir Paul Ruddock set up the firm with Steven Heinz in 1998. Ruddock retired in 2013. He is still a significant shareholder.[2] Heinz left the firm in 2014. He will continue to sit on fund boards. Major investors Peter Davies and Stuart Roden control the firm with Alex Snow as chief executive.[3]
In 2007 it was a founder member of the Hedge Fund Standards Board which sets a voluntary code of standards of best practice endorsed by its members.[4]
Lansdowne manages $18bn. It had to shut two hedge funds in 2009. Its main fund, the $8.9bn Developed Markets fund, returned 18% in 2011/2. Morgan Stanley has a 19% stake in the firm.
References[edit]



^ "Company Overview of Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP". Bloomberg Businessweek. 17 December 2012. Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ "Sir Paul Ruddock to leave Lansdowne". Independent. 5 March 2013. Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ "Management reshuffle at Lansdowne Partners". Financial News. 12 May 2014. Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ Hedge Fund Standards Board. "HFSB Founders & Core Supporters". Retrieved 27 September 2016. 



External links[edit]

Lansdowne Partners





This finance-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Lansdowne_Partners&oldid=741467037"					
Categories: Hedge fund firms in the United KingdomCompanies established in 1998Finance stubsHidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 27 September 2016, at 17:56.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Lansdowne Partners - Wikipedia





















 






Lansdowne Partners

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Lansdowne Partners is an investment management organisation founded in 1998, one of Europe's oldest hedge funds. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles.[1]
Sir Paul Ruddock set up the firm with Steven Heinz in 1998. Ruddock retired in 2013. He is still a significant shareholder.[2] Heinz left the firm in 2014. He will continue to sit on fund boards. Major investors Peter Davies and Stuart Roden control the firm with Alex Snow as chief executive.[3]
In 2007 it was a founder member of the Hedge Fund Standards Board which sets a voluntary code of standards of best practice endorsed by its members.[4]
Lansdowne manages $18bn. It had to shut two hedge funds in 2009. Its main fund, the $8.9bn Developed Markets fund, returned 18% in 2011/2. Morgan Stanley has a 19% stake in the firm.
References[edit]



^ "Company Overview of Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP". Bloomberg Businessweek. 17 December 2012. Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ "Sir Paul Ruddock to leave Lansdowne". Independent. 5 March 2013. Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ "Management reshuffle at Lansdowne Partners". Financial News. 12 May 2014. Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ Hedge Fund Standards Board. "HFSB Founders & Core Supporters". Retrieved 27 September 2016. 



External links[edit]

Lansdowne Partners





This finance-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Lansdowne_Partners&oldid=741467037"					
Categories: Hedge fund firms in the United KingdomCompanies established in 1998Finance stubsHidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 27 September 2016, at 17:56.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Lansdowne Partners - Wikipedia





















 






Lansdowne Partners

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Lansdowne Partners is an investment management organisation founded in 1998, one of Europe's oldest hedge funds. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles.[1]
Sir Paul Ruddock set up the firm with Steven Heinz in 1998. Ruddock retired in 2013. He is still a significant shareholder.[2] Heinz left the firm in 2014. He will continue to sit on fund boards. Major investors Peter Davies and Stuart Roden control the firm with Alex Snow as chief executive.[3]
In 2007 it was a founder member of the Hedge Fund Standards Board which sets a voluntary code of standards of best practice endorsed by its members.[4]
Lansdowne manages $18bn. It had to shut two hedge funds in 2009. Its main fund, the $8.9bn Developed Markets fund, returned 18% in 2011/2. Morgan Stanley has a 19% stake in the firm.
References[edit]



^ "Company Overview of Lansdowne Partners (UK) LLP". Bloomberg Businessweek. 17 December 2012. Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ "Sir Paul Ruddock to leave Lansdowne". Independent. 5 March 2013. Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ "Management reshuffle at Lansdowne Partners". Financial News. 12 May 2014. Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ Hedge Fund Standards Board. "HFSB Founders & Core Supporters". Retrieved 27 September 2016. 



External links[edit]

Lansdowne Partners





This finance-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Lansdowne_Partners&oldid=741467037"					
Categories: Hedge fund firms in the United KingdomCompanies established in 1998Finance stubsHidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 27 September 2016, at 17:56.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






