







			LANS HOLDINGS INC.
		


















































				 
			














								We &nbspKeep &nbspYour &nbspBusiness &nbspSafe &nbspFrom &nbspThe &nbspInternet!
								



...............................................							
						

							
								Secure and Compliant Solutions
							
							

								To Payment Fraud & Identity Theft
							



>> LEARN MORE <<

























































								Lack of Security and Compliance In Many
							

of the businesses you trust day-to-day, is a global problem. 




									5203
								

									Reported cases of data security breaches from 2005 - MARCH 2015
								





									778 
								

									Million identity records stolen from security breaches
								
 




									43
								

									% of US companies have experienced a data breach in the past year
								




 $

									375 
								

									Billion annual cost to the global economy 
								




 OTC: LAHO&nbsp&nbsp|&nbsp&nbspPress and News&nbsp&nbsp|&nbsp&nbspSEC Filings&nbsp&nbsp|&nbsp&nbspXBRL Filings&nbsp&nbsp|&nbsp&nbspResearch Center&nbsp&nbsp|&nbsp&nbspInvestor FAQ&nbsp&nbsp|&nbsp&nbsp More!  












									Adoption of EMV at the point of sale  
								
								is the strongest defense
								
									against counterfeit cards
								




								David Robertson, Publisher of The Nilson Report Visit our Research Center for more information.
							






									of all the payment card breaches their forensics team has investigated over the last 10 years, 
								
								not a single organization was found to have been PCI DSS compliant 
								
								at the time of the breach
								




								 Verizon 2015 PCI Compliance Report Visit our Research Center for more information.
							





								Professional thieves don't have a particular bias for a given industry,
								
									they tend to 'follow the money,' deliberately exploiting gaps
								
								in the system to perpetrate fraud and hide their tracks.
								



								John Lorimer, VP-LexisNexis Risk Solutions Visit our Research Center for more information.
							













We build solutions and partnerships that transform brands
							
							that grow businesses, using
							
							 effective technology  and innovative ideas.












										We're Creative
										

											Afforabe Innovation
										


										We push the limits of creativity so you don't have to. We maintain a fresh looking product, that's easy to use.
									











										We're Focused
										

											Encrypted. Secure. Platform.
										


										Our clients do what they do best, SELL! We do what we do best, deliver security consistently.
									











										We're Committed
										

											Passionate. Driven. Disciplined.
										


										We take pride in our customer support response time. Our systems work so well our staff and customers rest easy!
									











										We're Responsive
										

											We Operate 24/7
										


										We’re dedicated to communication. Our systems and services run all day and night, as do we! 
									











										We're Cloud-based
										

											Available When You Want Us
										


										Cloud-based, is 95% cloud, and 5% "there". What that means is our apps and solutions are delivered from the cloud to YOU. 
									











										We're Compliant
										

											Policy, Practice, Proof
										


										We don't just follow best practices we set the bar higher to achieve compliance for all industry regulations. 

















 OTC: LAHO&nbsp&nbsp|&nbsp&nbspPress and News&nbsp&nbsp|&nbsp&nbspSEC Filings&nbsp&nbsp|&nbsp&nbspXBRL Filings&nbsp&nbsp|&nbsp&nbspResearch Center&nbsp&nbsp|&nbsp&nbspInvestor FAQ  












								Worldwide Growth
								

									INDUSTRY FORECAST
								



							The global mobile payment transaction market will be worth an estimated US$2.9 Trillion by 2020, up from US$392 Billion in 2014, representing a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 39.2%, Future Market Insights has revealed.
							

								Lans Holdings, Inc. provides turnkey secure and complaint solutions to empower the emerging segments of the "AS A SERVICE" business models. 
							

							"AS A SERVICE"  is a way of delivering applications over the Internet—as a service. Instead of our clients installing and maintaining software, infrastructure and human resources. Our solutions are deliverd over the Internet, freeing them from complex software and hardware management.
							







										Secure Payment as a Service
									




$ 2.9  Trillion







										Software as a Service
									




$ 112 Billion







										Infrastructure as a Service
									




$ 56 Billion







										Platform as a Service
									




$ 7.5 Billion







										Business Process as a Service
									




$ 7 Billion





















							What we offer...


							Diverse solutions
							
								that solve complicated problems
							
							 for businesses to transact data securely.










									Payment-Engine.com
								

									EMV Ready | Cross Border Enabled [ Check It Out! ]
								

									Your control panel to manage Retail, Mobile and eCommerce merchants, developers and distributors servicing any vertical market and industry with ease.
								









									Paysperity
								

									End to End Prosperity [ Get Engaged! ]
								

									Your adaptive and distributor focused payment solution that maximizes your prosperity.
								









									Introducing IoD
								

									Infrastructure On Demand [ Get Compliant ]
								

									Add security and redundancy to your network with a "Pay-Per-Use" compliant ready hosted solutions.
								









									Fractional I.T. Services
								

									Outsourced Managed Services [ Learn More ]
								

									Outsource custom development work, data backup, recovery, storage, security, service performance monitoring, support resources & other day to day IT maintenance tasks. 
								













								About Lans Holdings Inc.
							


							Lans Holdings provides white label solutions for commerce and communication service providers to enable business to consumer and business to business secure transactions through physical point-of-sale, mobile devices, online and software integrations.
							

							We are focused to provide reliable, secure solutions that motivate and reward our partners to "migrate to the cloud" using our cost-effective infrastructure, platforms and services.
							

							MISSION - To Create a Competitive Advantage for our Customers by Improving Security, Revenue, and Scalability
							
							VISION - Be the TECH Leader in Solutions for Secure Transaction Platforms by Providing Breakthrough Technology
							





















								What We Do
							


							We provide a 
							
								secure, multi channel platform 
							 with a creative touch.
						

						Industry segments including Retail | Restaurant | eCommerce| Mail & Telephone Order | Unattended












											Payment-Engine
											

												what you need, when you need it!
											


											We provide a variety of payment solutions for your business.  Start with the base virtual terminal and add the features you need.  See for yourself what Payment-Engine has to offer your clients.
										











											PaymentSandbox
											

												smart coding, not hard coding
											


											Our focus is to provide our partners a resource for developers and integrators, built by developers and integrators.  See for yourself what PaymentSandBox has to offer your developers.
										











											Paysperity
											

												cloud delivered commerce 
											


											From small to enterprise level retail shops, to chains of restaurants who require or desire integrated eCommerce,  Paysperity  provides all of the tools you need to manage your business. 
										












											Road Map
											

												Execute Your Plan
											


											We can assist you to "fast-track" your plan for migrating client POS systems to EMV, and eCommerce processing solutions to use Tokenization.
										











											Customer Support
											

												Responsive and Aware
											


											We stand behind our platform!  From managing our network operations center, to supporting developers our global support center is available 24/7.  Email, skype or call 
										











											Accelerate your business
											

												Faster than Light
											


											Leverage our infrastructure and platforms on demand that are easier to manage and effortlessly scalable, so you focus less on maintenance and more time driving revenue and business growth.
										













Corporate Governence





Trevor Allen
Chief Executive Officer
View Bio


Anthony Ribas
President
View Bio


Noah Fitzgerald
Chief Revenue Officer
View Bio


David Christensen
Chief Strategy Officer
View Bio


Ritesh Mitra
Chief Technology Officer
View Bio















Trevor Allen, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Trevor is   an   entrepreneur   and   businessman with over 18 years of experience in investing in the public and private sectors; he also has experience in   business   development,   market   development   and   project  management.  Mr.  Allen  also  has  an  extensive  background  in  business  and  management  primarily  in  the retail and entertainment sectors in the London area
				

				His  passion  for  technology  has  always  been  of  high  interest   and   after   leaving   school   Trevor   honed   his   technology   skills   with   Casio   a   large   multinational   company  involved  in  all  areas  of  manufacturing  and  retailing  of  Modern  Electronics.  After  leaving  Casio,  Mr.  Allen  decided  to  utilize  his  entrepreneurial  skills  in  the  retail industry.
				

				Through all of this it was his passion for technology that has enabled Mr. Allen to have a grasp and understanding of  the  payment  processing  industry  and  the  possible  breakthroughs that are necessary in order to streamline this  particular  business.  It  is  this  drive  and  dedication  that  has  lead  to  Mr.  Allen  to  build  a  team  of  top  level  programmers  that  have  built  the  intellectual  property  rights of Payflex Systems, of which he has owned since February of 2014.
				


Close












Anthony Ribas, President and Director
Mr.  Ribas  has  over  15  years  of  industry  experience,  specializing  in  the  marketing  and  sales  of  payment  processing,  products  and  services.  He  has  co-founded  and  served in  C-level,  Sales  and  Marketing,  Business  Development  and  consulting  roles  for  several  large  Independent Sales Organizations (ISOs) and technology companies in the payment processing industry including, Signature   Card,   Payment   World,   Cynergy   Data   and   assited the formation of a dozen new ISOs.
				

				Mr. Ribas leveraged his experience in sales of business data  and  wireless  services  to  be  at  the  forefront  of  the   wireless   payment   industry   introducing   emerging   payment  solutions  to  the  market  since  the  late  90's;  by  offering the first Motorola certified payment solutions to merchants on the Nextel wireless network
				

				Mr.  Ribas  served  as  Director  of  Business  Development  at  Blue  Bamboo  USA,  a  division  of  Shera  International;  a  leading  manufacturer  of  Point  of  Sale  (POS)  wireless  payment  terminals.  From  2009  to  2012,  he  was  CEO  and  founder  of  Vault  Acquiring  Solutions,  LLC  in  Agoura  Hills, California, that was fully acquired by Hybrid Paytech World,  Inc.  Currently,  Mr.  Anthony  Ribas  serves  as  CEO  and  General  Manager  of  Transaction  Data  USA,  Inc  in  Miami Florida who provides white label payment solutions, product distribution and EMV migration services to software developers and Independent Sales Organizations. 
				


Close












Noah Fitzgerald, CPP,  Chief Reveue Officer

				Mr. Fitzgerald grew up with strong Mid-West values and dedicated work ethic. Since 1993, Mr. Fitzgerald has been consulting with businesses of all shapes and sizes, with a focus on payment processing, solutions integration, and high value relationship building. He enjoys all facets of business and learning how each business eco-system works to provide something unique. It is this customer-centric focus, along with strong values, that have gotten him to be the top sales professional and leader of the companies that he worked for. These companies include 3 of the largest payment acquires in the world, where he is recognized for his abilities and accomplishments.
				

				As an entrepreneur, Mr. Fitzgerald is a creative and "out-of-the-box" thinker and is always looking for a competitive advantage for his clients' growth and success. Noah knows what it takes to be dynamic and successful, and to develop an idea into a solution that has significant impacts. Noah's goal is to surround himself with good people and help motivate them to achieve their personal and financial goals. He has lived in the South Florida area with his wife and 2 boys for more than 30 years. When he is not working, you can find Noah at any number of car shows, playing a little golf or simply enjoying time with his family.
				


Close












David E. Christensen, Chief Strategy Officer and Director

				Mr. Christensen has over 20 years' experience in helping companies go from Good to Great. He is a recognized expert in Global Strategy Deployment including unique expertise in Global Supply Chain, POS, Logistics, Freight, Distribution, Inventory, Service Repairs, CRM, Customer Service and Call Center. Additionally, his International team includes industry experts in Engineering, IT Hardware, ERP Applications, Security Management, as well as Marketing and PR.  As CEO of Enterprise Technology Consulting, Dave helps companies Transform their Leadership and Operations by driving Strategic Initiatives. 
				

				As a Black Belt, he uses the best tools from Lean/Six Sigma Principles of Strategy Deployment.  Dave is a known expert for not only developing Strategic Business Objectives, but also for his methodology of Execution Excellence. His goal is to help companies surpass the competition by creating a Sustainable Competitive Advantage.  His Mantra is that "Success does not just happen by accident." He knows not only how to generate fresh New Ideas, but how to apply Proven Business Systems to achieve results.  Dave has worked for companies like Compaq, HP, Cal Cartage, WalMart International, Qualcomm, Rexnord Carlyle, Hypercom and Verifone.
				


Close












Ritesh Mitra, Chief Technology Officer

				Ritesh Mitra is presently, and has been since October 2004, the owner of SPSR Professionals, LLC. From January 2015 to the present, he is also the owner and co-founder of HydraConx LLC. From June 2012 to the present he owns and operates PharmaAlpha and from May 2014 to the present he owns and operates Triangulum Development Inc. He has been the CTO of nCLlose, Inc. from May 2013 to the present.
				

				As a seasoned professional in the software design and development for the payment and pharmaceutical industry with over a decade of experience, Mr. Mitra has assisted many clients with respect to the design, development, and launch of enterprise systems and payment platforms. He has acted in a technical role and as a consultant with regards to the management of resources to develop solutions for the payments industry, and most recently at nClose has been managing the development and implementation of a middleware solution for developers to rapidly develop payment solutions for merchants.
				


Close









X
Partner Signup


Complete the form below to signup as a sales partner.

We'll help you get started with product and business development tools.




































×
Stock Info | OTC:LAHO















×
SEC Filings | OTC:LAHO












×
World Payments Report | InfoGraphic












×













×
Secure, Lightning Fast, Cloud Based Technology












×
Jump start app development: Windows, Linux, Android and iOS












×
XBRL Filings | OTC:LAHO













×
Press and News | OTC:LAHO











×Investor Market Research Center | OTC:LAHO







World Payments Report
Capgemini & RBS
The 2015 World Payments Report examines developments in the global payments landscape.  The shift from physical to digital payments is accelerating, Hidden Payments are estimated to be at least 10% or 40 billion  of all non-cash payments. [ Video ]





CSN Data Book 2015
Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Sentinel Network Reported: Tax- or wage-related fraud (45%) was the most common form of reported identity theft, followed by credit card fraud (16%), phone or utilities fraud (10%), and bank fraud (6%).  Others include loan fraud (4%) and employment-related fraud (3%). 





Gartner Newsroom
Global Industry Analysts, Inc.
The worldwide public cloud services market is projected to grow 16.5 percent in 2016 to total $204 billion, up from $175 billion in 2015, according to Gartner, Inc. The highest growth will come from (infrastructure as a service [IaaS]), which is projected to grow 38.4 percent in 2016.










Back
			Close









×
Investor Market Research Center | OTC:LAHO





 

  
 Innovative, Customer Centric Payments




IaaS Market Trends
Global Industry Analysts
The global market for  Cloud Infrastructure Services  is projected to reach US$95.7 Billion by 2020, driven by enterprise focus on cost rationalization and increasing deployment of IaaS models by SMBs.  The need to secure, manage and support cloud architecture is creating opprtunities.  The US represents the largest market worldwide... Asia-Pacific is forecast to emerge as the fastest growing market with CAGR of 23.8%.





Data Breach Industry Forecast
Experian White Paper
The Experian 2016 Data Breach Industry Forecast published findings that healthcare companies are the second most targated sector by attackers, due to the fact that medical records are worth up to 10 times more than credit card numbers on the black market. Big healthcare attackes will make the headlines but small rbeaches will cause the most damage. 91% of all healthcare orginazations reported at least one data breach.



 





Next
			Close









					       Please wait









×
Fractional Info Tech Services 







Penetration Testing





									Security Services
								


							Make your Infrastructure bullet-proof by leveraging or elite team of security professionals with ethical hacking and forensic security skills.
							






Remote IT Support





									Managed Services
								

FITS Remote Support service is available 24/7. Around the clock support makes it possible for engineers to take care of any IT system issues as soon as they are discovered. 
							






Disaster Recovery





									Continuity Services
								

Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCDR or BC/DR) are closely related practices that describe an organization's preparation for unforeseen risks to continued operations. 
							





The combination of our proactive security approach, our expert team of security specialists and industry leading technologies make LANS HOLDINGS the obvious choice for organizations seeking to comply with industry regulations and increase overall security.



Integrity Monitoring Intrusion Detection Vulnerability Scanning   Secure Code Review   


Server Monitoring Server Management Firewall Management   Load Balancing   


Uptime Monitoring N.O.C. Management Network Storage  Critical Data Backup  













×
Infrastructure on Demand







HIPAA





									Compliant Hosted Solutions
								


							To improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the health care system, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, included Administrative Simplification provisions that set national standards for the protection of individually identifiable health information, and protecting the confidentiality, integrity and availability of electronic protected health information.
							






FFIEC





									Compliant Hosted Solutions
								

The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council is an inter-agency set out to dictate policies, standards, and report forms for the scrutiny of financial institutions by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, National Credit Union Administration, the Office of the Comptroller of Currency, and the Office of Thrift Supervision.
							






PCI DSS





									Compliant Hosted Solutions
								

Credit card companies and the Payment Card Industry (PCI) require merchants to keep cardholder data safe and secure by adhering to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). If your business accepts, stores, transmits or processes credit card information, it must be PCI compliant.








			Lans Holdings end-to-end 'compliant ready' hosting solutions are custom engineered to comply with industry standards such as PCI-DSS, HIPAA, and FFIEC. We commit to provide the highest levels of security, stability and reliability. We offer both fully dedicated and semi-dedicated 'compliant ready' hosting solutions designed for your specific security objectives. Both packages contain required network infrastructure and controls for compliance at an affordable price.				
					











×
Investor Frequently Asked Questions




What is the Company’s fiscal year-end?
LANS Holdings Inc’s fiscal year ends November 3oth
How many shares issued and outstanding?
As of June 1, 2016 there were 44,445,911 shares outstanding
Where is LANS Holdings Inc’s common stock traded, and what is is the symbol?
Over-the-Counter (OTC) Markets under the symbol: LAHO
How do I buy shares of the Company?
To buy shares of LAHO you must contact a registered stockbroker; you cannot buy shares directly from us.
Who can I contact for more information about the company?Please contact our Investor Relations team at:
Tel: +1-305-755-7451E: investors@lansholdings.com


Who is LANS Holdings Inc’s Transfer Agent?
VStock Transfer, LLC18 Lafayette PlaceWoodmere, New York 11598Phone: (212) 828-8436  Facsimile: (646) 536-3179www.VStockTransfer.com
Who is LANS Holdings Inc’s legal counsel?
The Doney Law Firm4955 S. Durango Dr.Las Vegas, NV 89113
Who is LANS Holdings Inc’s independent auditor?
GBH CPAs, PC6002 Rogerdale Road, Suite 500Houston, TX, 77072












×
Financial Data Management | World Payments Report













×
Emerging Segments | World Payments Report













×
Informative Video | World Payments Report



















										LANS HOLDINGS, Inc.801 Brickell Avenue, Suite 900
									

										Miami, FL 33131
									




										1-305-755-7451 tele    |
										
											|   1-888-206-0999 toll free
										


										bizdev@
										
											lansholdings.com
										




								OTC: | LAHO




















Quick Links


Stock Info OTC: LAHO | 
Corporate Overview | 
Presentation Deck | 
Research Center | 
Press and News | 




































			LANS Holdings
		




































							Stock Info
						










Trading data is provided by a Third-party and Lans Holdings Inc. accepts no responsibility for erroneous data.





Back to Home

























Login | Partner Portal














Toggle navigation




Partner Portal





Corporate Website





              My cart 












Email



Password




Log in












    LAHO Key Statistics - Lans Holdings Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin

AMD jumps after beating on earnings, raising forecast »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Lans Holdings Inc.

                  OTC: LAHO
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Lans Holdings Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 3:52 p.m.


LAHO

/quotes/zigman/71662417/delayed


$
0.02




Change

-0.0005
-3.33%

Volume
Volume 125,770
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/71662417/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.02
		


$
				0.02
			
Change

-0.0005
-3.33%





Day low
Day high
$0.01
$0.02










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.01
        

            $0.27
        

















			Company Description 
		


                Lans Holdings, Inc. engages in data infrastructure bueiness. Its products include payment solutions, encoding services, point to point encryption, hardware branding, and customer support. The company was founded on November 13, 2007 and is headquartered in Miami, FL.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-0.10


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-0.08


Price to Sales Ratio
11.95


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-2.94


Enterprise Value to Sales
6.21


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.10

Efficiency

Receivables Turnover
14.64


Total Asset Turnover
8.22

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.00


Quick Ratio
0.00


Cash Ratio
0.00



Profitability

Gross Margin
22.32


Operating Margin
-249.40


Pretax Margin
-2,382.31


Net Margin
-2,382.31


Return on Assets
-19,580.27

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Assets
1,359.65





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Trevor  Allen 
51
2014
CEO, CFO, Director & Principal Accounting Officer



Mr. Anthony  Ribas 
-
2015
President & Director



Mr. Ritesh  Mitra 
35
2015
Chief Technology Officer



Mr. David  Christensen 
-
2016
Director & Chief Strategy Officer





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/laho

      MarketWatch News on LAHO
    
No News currently available for LAHO





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/laho

      Other News on LAHO
    




 10-Q: LANS HOLDINGS, INC.
2:18 p.m. July 17, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: LANS HOLDINGS, INC.
1:32 p.m. May 23, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: LANS HOLDINGS, INC.
3:04 p.m. March 16, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: LANS HOLDINGS, INC.
4:50 p.m. Oct. 24, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Lans Holdings, Inc.: Up Next For A Stock Promotion?

5:14 p.m. July 23, 2015
 - Seeking Alpha














At a Glance

Lans Holdings, Inc.
801 Brickell Avenue
Suite 900

Miami, Florida 33131




Phone
1 3057557451


Industry
Sports Goods


Sector
Consumer Goods


Fiscal Year-end
11/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$276,583


Net Income
$-6.59M


2016 Sales Growth 
593.6%


Employees

        -


Annual Report for LAHO











/news/pressrelease/company/us/laho

      Press Releases on LAHO
    
No News currently available for LAHO







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:33 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:28pAmgen shares down 3% after company's guidance on lower end of expectations
4:27pBREAKINGAMD jumps after beating on earnings, raising forecast
4:25pThree biotech companies to watch ahead of earnings
4:25pS&P 500, Nasdaq notch records, but historic collapse in 3M stock caps Dow's rally 
4:24pCORRECTEDS&P 500, Nasdaq finish at records as investors cheer earnings
4:23pBREAKING3M Co's logs worst-ever price drop, caps Dow's McDonald's-Caterpillar fueled rally
4:20pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
4:19pChipotle shares rise as earnings beat Wall Street's estimates
4:18pTrump Today: President says he’s ‘disappointed’ in Jeff Sessions 
4:17pAMD reports adjusted earnings of 2 cents a share on sales of $1.22 billion, beating analyst estimates
4:16pSect. of State Tillerson is ‘taking a little time off’
4:15pTrump: Apple’s Tim Cook is promising a major stateside manufacturing push
4:10pAT&T shares rise more than 2% as company beats earnings expectations
4:10pUPS earnings: How much will Prime packages cut into margins?
4:09pNew revenue rules mean more work for companies, big revenue for consultants and auditors
4:09pMichael Kors gets a toehold in men’s shoes with Jimmy Choo purchase
4:08pBREAKINGChipotle shares gain 3.2% after second-quarter earnings 
4:08pCaterpillar’s stock soars to more than 5-year high as sales recession comes to an end
4:08pFacebook earnings: After a sudden change,  Instagram is in focus
4:07pBREAKINGChipotle Q2 same-store sales rise 8.1% 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.08

+7.17
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































  LAHO:OTC US Stock Quote - Lans Holdings Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Lans Holdings Inc   LAHO:US   OTC US        0.02USD   0.00   3.23%     As of 3:52 PM EDT 7/25/2017     Open   0.02    Day Range   0.01 - 0.02    Volume   125,770    Previous Close   0.02    52Wk Range   0.01 - 0.28    1 Yr Return   -94.53%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.02    Day Range   0.01 - 0.02    Volume   125,770    Previous Close   0.02    52Wk Range   0.01 - 0.28    1 Yr Return   -94.53%    YTD Return   -67.03%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (-) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (k USD)   672.115    Shares Outstanding  (m)   44.808    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Lans Holdings, Inc. develops, manufactures, and sells fishing nets specifically for fishing equipment retailers in Malaysia and other Asian countries.    Address  801 BrickellMiami, FL 33133United States   Phone  1-305-755-7451   Website   -     Executives Board Members    Trevor Allen  CEO/CFO    Anthony Ribas  President    Ritesh Mitra  Chief Technology Officer    David Christensen  Chief Strategy Officer     Show More         

Lans Holdings Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















lans holdings inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Leisure Products
Sub-Industry: Sporting Goods
Lans Holdings, Inc. develops, manufactures, and sells fishing nets specifically for fishing equipment retailers in Malaysia and other Asian countries.




Corporate Information
Address:

801 Brickell
Miami, FL 33133
United States


Phone:
1-305-755-7451


Fax:
-





Board Members




CEO/CFO
Company


Trevor Allen
Lans Holdings Inc








President
Company


Anthony Ribas
Lans Holdings Inc








Chief Strategy Officer
Company


David Christensen
Lans Holdings Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Trevor Allen


CEO/CFO




Anthony Ribas


President




Ritesh Mitra


Chief Technology Officer




David Christensen


Chief Strategy Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































LANS HOLDINGS INC
















 


 
Lans Holdings Inc. Provides Corporate UpdateMIAMI, FL / ACCESSWIRE / May 15, 2015 
Lans Holdings, Inc. (LAHO), (The Company), is pleased to announce the launch of the new release of the corporate website showcasing release of products and services; new Company headquarters; and the addition of a new board member.
The website (www.lansholdings.com) offers quick and easy access to essential product information and features that provide a more comprehensive understanding of the company's innovative payment products and services.
The new website has a modern design, improved responsive functionality, and enhanced rich content. The site is focused on the company's mission to launch an exciting payment software platform called paysperity to our clients that will promote prosperity and security.
"We couldn't be more thrilled about our new website launch and the depth of information it provides for our clients and partners to better understand Lans Holdings as a company, and our new release of paysperity," said Trevor Allen, CEO of Lans Holdings. "We believe that the new site will help present the core offers of the Company and help us to engage new customers to participate in what we have to offer as we continue to grow and increase our market presence."
"The new site also allows us to provide a vehicle to showcase our current products, as well as our exciting releases," added Allen. "We're excited to launch paysperity, which allows payment service providers to fast track their EMV Migration strategy."
Key features of paysperity include Payment-Engine, a full feature payment gateway for online and retail businesses; Cloudecrypt, the security core that enables the highest level of security and encryption to protect payment transaction from hackers; PaymentSandBox, our portal for developers, integrators that allows our partners to create their own solutions leveraging the secure and complaint platform of paysperity.
Lans Holdings' new website is expected to be updated on a periodic basis with news of product updates and launches, business activity, corporate milestones, events, customer case studies, and financial information. Visitors are encouraged to explore the website and connect with us.
In addition to the release of the website Lans Holdings has moved the corporate head quarters to the financial district of Miami Florida in the United States. The Company has also added a new member to the Board of Directors, Anthony Ribas, a payment industry veteran with over a decade of experience in product and business development.
"I am excited to join the board of directors of Lans Holdings. I see the Company focused and addressing important gaps the US payment industry needs at the right time," stated Anthony Ribas. He went on to say, "We understand the importance of product depth and the programs needed to enable our partners to deliver painless and prosperous EMV Innovations, migrations and certifications."

About Lans Holdings Inc.
Lans Holdings offers payment solutions. The Company makes it easy for sellers to start selling, and buyers to buy with confidence. The Company plans to process credit card payments online. In time, the Company hopes to be known in the industry as a secure and reliable source of payment processing. With the Company's breadth of business structure experience and technology consultants, the Company aims to help projects and companies grow. 
Further information on the Company can be found at www.sec.gov and the company's website at  www.LansHoldings.com.
Forward Looking Statements
Some information in this document constitutes forward-looking statements or statements which may be deemed or construed to be forward-looking statements, such as the closing of the share exchange agreement. The words “plan”, "forecast", "anticipates", "estimate", "project", "intend", "expect", "should", "believe", and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve, and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause the Company's actual results, performance (financial or operating) or achievements to differ from the future results, performance (financial or operating) or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The risks, uncertainties and other factors are more fully discussed in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements attributable to Lans Holdings Inc., herein are expressly qualified in their entirety by the above-mentioned cautionary statement. Lans Holdings Inc., disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this estimate, except as may be required by law.
For further information, please contact:
Investors@lansholdings.com
													Toll Free: 1 (866)-950-8300
SOURCE: Lans Holdings Inc. 
   Press Releases2016 | 2015 | 2014

Lans Holdings, Inc. Announces Global Business StrategyDecember 11, 2015
Lans Holdings announces previous appointment of President and COOOctoober 27, 2015
Lans Holdings, Inc. Appoints Chief Revenue OfficerAugust 24, 2015
Lans Holdings, Inc. Empowers SureGate to Certify Apple Pay and EMV (Eurocard/MasterCard/Visa) Secure Chip and PinAugust 17, 2015
Lans Holdings, Inc. appoints Chief Technical OfficerJuly 2, 2015
Creditcall and Lans Holdings Inc. Bring EMV Solutions to the U.S. to Accelerate EMV Migration for ISVs and VARs July 21, 2015
The Fraud Liability Shift for Merchants is Fast Approaching, Lans Holdings, Inc. Introduces The EMV Launchpad for PaymentsJune 24, 2015
Lans Holdings, Inc. Joins EMV Migration ForumJune 22, 2015
Lans Holdings Inc. Provides Corporate Update May 15, 2015
Lans Holdings Inc. Acquires IP from Transaction Data USA Inc May 14, 2015
More Online Shopping NewsJanuary 28, 2015
Lans Holdings UpdateJanuary 23, 2015
Lans Holdings Discusses Industry News From a Mobile PerspectiveJanuary 20, 2015


    


Lans Holdings Inc. Provides Corporate UpdateHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,477.08+7.17 (+0.29%)Dow 3021,613.43+100.26 (+0.47%)Nasdaq6,412.17+1.37 (+0.02%)Lans Holdings Inc. Provides Corporate UpdateAccesswireMay 15, 2015ReblogShareTweetShareMIAMI, FL / ACCESSWIRE / May 15, 2015 / Lans Holdings, Inc. (LAHO), (The Company), is pleased to announce the launch of the new release of the corporate website showcasing release of products and services; new Company headquarters; and the addition of a new board member.The website (www.lansholdings.com) offers quick and easy access to essential product information and features that provide a more comprehensive understanding of the company's innovative payment products and services.The new website has a modern design, improved responsive functionality, and enhanced rich content. The site is focused on the company's mission to launch an exciting payment software platform called paysperity to our clients that will promote prosperity and security."We couldn't be more thrilled about our new website launch and the depth of information it provides for our clients and partners to better understand Lans Holdings as a company, and our new release of paysperity," said Trevor Allen, CEO of Lans Holdings. "We believe that the new site will help present the core offers of the Company and help us to engage new customers to participate in what we have to offer as we continue to grow and increase our market presence.""The new site also allows us to provide a vehicle to showcase our current products, as well as our exciting releases," added Allen. "We're excited to launch paysperity, which allows payment service providers to fast track their EMV Migration strategy."Key features of paysperity include Payment-Engine, a full feature payment gateway for online and retail businesses; Cloudecrypt, the security core that enables the highest level of security and encryption to protect payment transaction from hackers; PaymentSandBox, our portal for developers, integrators that allows our partners to create their own solutions leveraging the secure and complaint platform of paysperity.Lans Holdings' new website is expected to be updated on a periodic basis with news of product updates and launches, business activity, corporate milestones, events, customer case studies, and financial information. Visitors are encouraged to explore the website and connect with us.In addition to the release of the website Lans Holdings has moved the corporate head quarters to the financial district of Miami Florida in the United States. The Company has also added a new member to the Board of Directors, Anthony Ribas, a payment industry veteran with over a decade of experience in product and business development."I am excited to join the board of directors of Lans Holdings. I see the Company focused and addressing important gaps the US payment industry needs at the right time," stated Anthony Ribas. He went on to say, "We understand the importance of product depth and the programs needed to enable our partners to deliver painless and prosperous EMV Innovations, migrations and certifications."About Lans Holdings Inc.Lans Holdings provides secure payment solutions. The Company makes it easy for sellers to start selling, and buyers to buy with confidence. The Company solutions are used to enable businesses to process payments more efficiently whether online or in a retail store front. The Company provides white label solutions for payment service providers to enable business to consumer and business to business payments through physical POS, mobile devices, online and software integrations. Lans Holdings is focused to provide emerging payment solutions that motivate and reward our clients for adopting more secure payment systems in their businesses.Further information on the Company can be found at www.sec.gov and the company's website at www.LansHoldings.com.For further information, please contact: Investors@lansholdings.comForward Looking StatementsSome information in this document constitutes forward-looking statements or statements which may be deemed or construed to be forward-looking statements, such as the closing of the share exchange agreement. The words "plan", "forecast", "anticipates", "estimate", "project", "intend", "expect", "should", "believe", and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve, and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause the Company's actual results, performance (financial or operating) or achievements to differ from the future results, performance (financial or operating) or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The risks, uncertainties and other factors are more fully discussed in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements attributable to Lans Holdings Inc., herein are expressly qualified in their entirety by the above-mentioned cautionary statement. Lans Holdings Inc., disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this estimate, except as may be required by law.Read MoreSOURCE: Lans Holdings, Inc.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextChina's army looks like it's getting ready for something big to go down in North KoreaBusiness InsiderA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredHere comes AMD earnings...Business InsiderDonald Trump thinks Jeff Bezos is his biggest threatYahoo FinanceMark Zandi: Immigration is the single best way to lift economic standardsYahoo Finance VideoEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredLinkedIn lawsuit could determine whether bots have a right to free speechYahoo FinanceHere's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderAT&T shares up nearly 3 percent after earnings beatCNBCStart Earning Miles With The Best Travel CardWise BreadSponsoredMark Zandi: Why the labor force participation rate is plungingYahoo Finance VideoHalliburton chairman says oil drillers should be celebrated like Amazon and UberYahoo FinanceBy a hair, Senate votes to debate GOP health care billAssociated PressWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredChipotle shares jump on earnings beat, but sales disappointCNBCBoy Scouts forced to respond to Trump's wild, heavily political speech before tens of thousands of ScoutsBusiness InsiderSenate GOP moves forward on health care bill in dramatic procedural voteliberaltroll10: Every single vote cast today will be a POLITICAL NOOSE during the upcoming midterms.Join the Conversation1 / 5697





























 



 Lans Holdings, Inc. Announces Global Business Strategy 
         










    










 






 











 









Lans Holdings, Inc. Announces Global Business Strategy

Dec 11, 2015, 16:15 ET
		  		  			
									 from   Lans Holdings, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


MIAMI, Dec. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Lans Holdings, Inc. (OTCPink: LAHO), (The Company) announced today the foundation of the Company global business strategy.
"We are very excited from the feedback we have received from our prospective partners on the strategic approach of our developer and security tools, specifically our 'infrastructure as a service model'," stated Anthony Ribas, President and Director of Lans Holdings, Inc. "This has motivated us to take advantage of new requests to globalize our business strategy," Mr. Ribas added.
With the recent appointments to the management team, along with the formation and new members of our Advisory Board, we have significantly increased our talent resources to execute our international business plan.
Global strategy overview:
A. Introduce infrastructure offers like Payment-Engine, PaymentSandbox and Cloudecrypt; core solutions at the data center level to enable Payment Service Providers and Independent Software Vendors to migrate to a fully redundant PCI Compliant cloud based infrastructure. We are very excited about the future opportunities we can deliver to the cloud infrastructure marketplace. 
As stated in Forbes.com, "By 2018, 59% of the total cloud workloads will be Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) workloads, up from 41% in 2013.  Global SaaS software revenues are forecasted to reach $106B in 2016, increasing 21% over projected 2015 spending levels.  Spending on integration, storage management, and database management systems are projected to experience the greatest growth in 2015. 
(http://www.forbes.com/sites/louiscolumbus/2015/01/24/roundup-of-cloud-computing-forecasts-and-market-estimates-2015/).
B. Introduce access to transactional systems through a secure interface.  Not only process payments, but solutions for card issuing platforms to including streamlined OFAC, AML, KYC Compliance, back-round checks and Credit reporting services.  
C. Introduce the "Paysperity" suite solutions with an expanded focus on Latin America and South East Asia / Pacific.
D. Appoint new team members to our Advisory Board to help support our global marketing plan.  The new Advisory Board are as follows: 
Kevin Medina
Kevin Medina is a senior technology executive with more than 26 years of industry experience. He is a "hands on" technologist who is fluent in 7 programming languages, databases, enterprise scaled platforms with a deep understanding of payment systems, security, network infrastructure and protocols. He has a keen understanding of consumer facing product design and large scale implementation.
Mr. Medina currently holds the positions of software Architect and CTO of the "POS ON CLOUD" (POS) point of sale platform. POS has grown to handle millions of dollars of transactions through its battle tested cloud platform.  Previously Kevin was the CTO/CSO of the boutique consulting firm "4eyes" with offices in Miami and large projects in Los Angeles, Seattle and New York City. As part of "4eyes", Kevin served as interim CTO of several successfully funded startups. His firm has designed and developed over 150 mobile and tablet based apps and systems within the past 3 years in a variety of verticals.Kevin has also held director level technology positions for International giants KPMG, LLP (Accounting) and Reed-Elsevier PLC (Legal Publishing) running their internal e-technology technology initiatives.
Jose Enrique Perez
Mr. Perez has amassed a wealth of experience as an executive in international businesses with successful experience building high-performance sales, engineering and marketing teams. Mr. Perez has more than 20 years of experience in the payment industry as well international management, global transaction processing, networking and compliance. Mr. Perez was the SVP and Chief of Global Software Development for Hypercom Corporation before it was acquired by Verifone with a 14+ year tenure, where he successfully lead software and product development worldwide including the development of Hypercom's first EMV POS terminal and EMV card migrations for acquirers and financial institutions.
David E. Christensen
Mr. Christensen has over 20 years' experience in helping companies go from Good to Great. He is a recognized expert in Global Strategy Deployment including unique expertise in Global Supply Chain, POS, Logistics, Freight, Distribution, Inventory, Service Repairs, CRM, Customer Service and Call Center. Additionally, his International team includes industry experts in Engineering, IT Hardware, ERP Applications, Security Management, as well as Marketing and PR.  As CEO of Enterprise Technology Consulting, Dave helps companies Transform their Leadership and Operations by driving Strategic Initiatives. As a Black Belt, he uses the best tools from Lean/Six Sigma Principles of Strategy Deployment.  Dave is a known expert for not only developing Strategic Business Objectives, but also for his methodology of Execution Excellence. His goal is to help companies surpass the competition by creating a Sustainable Competitive Advantage.  His Mantra is that "Success does not just happen by accident." He knows not only how to generate fresh New Ideas, but how to apply Proven Business Systems to achieve results.  Dave has worked for companies like Compaq, HP, Cal Cartage, WalMart International, Qualcomm, Rexnord Carlyle, Hypercom and Verifone.
About Lans Holdings, Inc.Lans Holdings provides secure payment solutions.  The Company makes it easy for sellers to start selling, and buyers to buy with confidence. The Company solutions are used to enable businesses to process payments more efficiently whether online or in a retail store front. The Company provides white label solutions for payment service providers to enable business to consumer and business to business payments through physical POS, mobile devices, online and software integrations.  Lans Holdings is focused to provide emerging payment solutions that motivate and reward our clients for adopting more secure payment systems in their businesses.
Further information on the Company can be found at www.sec.gov and the company's website at www.LansHoldings.com   
Forward Looking Statements
Some information in this document constitutes forward-looking statements or statements which may be deemed or construed to be forward-looking statements, such as the closing of the share exchange agreement. The words "plan", "forecast", "anticipates", "estimate", "project", "intend", "expect", "should", "believe", and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve, and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause the Company's actual results, performance (financial or operating) or achievements to differ from the future results, performance (financial or operating) or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The risks, uncertainties and other factors are more fully discussed in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements attributable to Lans Holdings Inc., herein are expressly qualified in their entirety by the above-mentioned cautionary statement. Lans Holdings Inc., disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this estimate, except as may be required by law.
 SOURCE  Lans Holdings, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.LansHoldings.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jan 19, 2016, 08:00 ET
Preview: LANS Holdings Quadruples the PCI Payment Security Requirements in Its Payment Platform













Oct 27, 2015, 18:30 ET
Preview: Lans Holdings announces previous appointment of President and COO






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 Lans Holdings, Inc. LAHO Profile-Financials-Revenues-Growth-Market-Description                       Please wait while the search results are loading...     Plunkett Research,® Ltd.Our Market Research = Your Smart Decisions  What are you looking for?    Information Marketing & Research PROS   Information for Students & Professors   Subscribers Log In     Home >  Industries  >    > Lans Holdings, Inc.     Plunkett Research Online: Lans Holdings, Inc.    LANS HOLDINGS, INC. (LAHO:PINX) Company Profile, Corporate Revenues, Growth, Market Size, Analysis, Business Forecasts, Market Share, Metrics, SWOTLans Holdings Inc is in the business of providing solutions for payment service providers to enable business to consumer and business to business payments through physical POS, mobile devices, online and software integrations...... Lans Holdings, Inc.  Ticker: LAHOExchange: PINXParent Company: Year Established: Employees: Fiscal Year Ends in  Phone: 63 60173488798Fax: Address: 801 Brickell AvenueSuite 900Miami, FL 33133 United States MapTypes Of Business Industry Ranks  Total RevenueMarket CapEmployee CountNet IncomeRevenue 3Y GrowthIncome 3Y GrowthReturn on Assets (%)Return on Equity (%)Return on Invested Capital (%) Industry NAICS code:   Refreshing... Ranks not availableContacts Excel TextDescription Eng Kok YapCEO/CFO/Chief Accounting Officer/Director/PresidentSin Siong TanDirector Lans Holdings Inc is in the business of providing solutions for payment service providers to enable business to consumer and business to business payments through physical POS, mobile devices, online and software integrations......See More See More Auditor: GBH CPAs, PC Legal Advisor:    Financial Details  Compare to Industry Averages  Build Custom Table  Compare Companies $USD, In whole numbers,  except marked * or %201620152014201320122011Financials    Revenue    Cost of Revenue    Gross  Margin %    R&D Expense    Operating  Income    Operating  Margin %    SGA Expense    Net  Income    Earnings Per Share    Dividends    Book Value Per Share    Operating  Cash  Flow    Capital  Expenditure    Free  Cash  FlowProfitability    EBITDA    Return on Assets %    Return on Equity %    Net  Margin %    Assets  Turnover    Financial  LeverageBrands, Divisions and AffiliatesTop Salaries  Other ThoughtsCorporate CultureApparent Female Officers or Directors:     Javascript is disabled.    Request Free Trial Subscriptions Plans & Pricing500 Industries Analyzed for Market Size, Profits and Forecasts25,000 Companies Profiled, Ranked100,000 Industry Statistics150,000 Industry Executives Profiled1,000,000 Words of Trends Analysis Printed Almanacs and Ebooks Custom Research ProjectsA REPRESENTATIVE LIST OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE USED OUR RESEARCH PRODUCTS:         Take a TourHow to Use Plunkett Research Online-8 MinutesPlunkett Online AccessPlunkett Research BooksContactPhone: 713.932.0000Alternate Phone: 713.961.3282Fax: 713.932.7080E-Mail UsAsk a Product QuestionMedia Interviews, Get a SpeakerCustom ResearchInternational Distributors ListNews & RSSTestimonials  Your tool is very comprehensive and immensely useful. The vertical marketing tool is very helpful, for it assists us in that venue, as well as targeting customers’ competition for new sales…The comprehensive material is absolutely fabulous. I am very impressed, I have to say! Tammy Dalton, National Account Manager, MCI, Tammy Dalton  We are especially trying to push Plunkett since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.  St. John’s College, Library Services  I’m amazed at how much information is available and the various ways to access it. This will be a major resource for our serious job seekers.  Penn State University, Career Services  I really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly (for our project). The team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.  Marketing Manager, Hilton Worldwide  Plunkett Research Online is an excellent resource…the database contains a wealth of useful data on sectors and companies, which is easy to search and well presented.   Help and advice on how to conduct, export and save searches is available at all stages. Penny Crossland, Editor, VIP Magazine  The more I get into the database, the happier I am that we’ll have it–REALLY happy!!!  Between the quality and affordability of your product, its appeal to and value for our users, and the inestimably ethical and loyalty-guaranteeing conduct of your business, I will always have more than sufficient praises to sing for Plunkett Research. Michael Oppenheim, Collections & Reference Services, UCLA  Plunkett Research Online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. It provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable. Wendy Stotts, Manager, Carlson Companies-Information Center  We are especially trying to push Plunkett’s since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use. Gary White, Business Materials Selector, Penn State University     Sign up for Free Research Reports   Subscribe                                 










Lans Holdings, Inc. Announces Global Business Strategy

















































Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In



























Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In











Lans Holdings, Inc. Announces Global Business Strategy

December 11, 2015 16:15

MIAMI, Dec. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Lans Holdings, Inc. (OTCPink: LAHO), (The Company) announced today the foundation of the Company global business strategy."We are very excited from the feedback we have received from our prospective partners on the strategic approach of our developer and security tools, specifically our 'infrastructure as a service model'," stated Anthony Ribas, President and Director of Lans Holdings, Inc. "This has motivated us to take advantage of new requests to globalize our business strategy," Mr. Ribas added.With the recent appointments to the management team, along with the formation and new members of our Advisory Board, we have significantly increased our talent resources to execute our international business plan.Global strategy overview:A. Introduce infrastructure offers like Payment-Engine, PaymentSandbox and Cloudecrypt; core solutions at the data center level to enable Payment Service Providers and Independent Software Vendors to migrate to a fully redundant PCI Compliant cloud based infrastructure. We are very excited about the future opportunities we can deliver to the cloud infrastructure marketplace. As stated in Forbes.com, "By 2018, 59% of the total cloud workloads will be Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) workloads, up from 41% in 2013.  Global SaaS software revenues are forecasted to reach $106B in 2016, increasing 21% over projected 2015 spending levels.  Spending on integration, storage management, and database management systems are projected to experience the greatest growth in 2015. (http://www.forbes.com/sites/louiscolumbus/2015/01/24/roundup-of-cloud-computing-forecasts-and-market-estimates-2015/).B. Introduce access to transactional systems through a secure interface.  Not only process payments, but solutions for card issuing platforms to including streamlined OFAC, AML, KYC Compliance, back-round checks and Credit reporting services.  C. Introduce the "Paysperity" suite solutions with an expanded focus on Latin America and South East Asia / Pacific.D. Appoint new team members to our Advisory Board to help support our global marketing plan.  The new Advisory Board are as follows: Kevin MedinaKevin Medina is a senior technology executive with more than 26 years of industry experience. He is a "hands on" technologist who is fluent in 7 programming languages, databases, enterprise scaled platforms with a deep understanding of payment systems, security, network infrastructure and protocols. He has a keen understanding of consumer facing product design and large scale implementation.Mr. Medina currently holds the positions of software Architect and CTO of the "POS ON CLOUD" (POS) point of sale platform. POS has grown to handle millions of dollars of transactions through its battle tested cloud platform.  Previously Kevin was the CTO/CSO of the boutique consulting firm "4eyes" with offices in Miami and large projects in Los Angeles, Seattle and New York City. As part of "4eyes", Kevin served as interim CTO of several successfully funded startups. His firm has designed and developed over 150 mobile and tablet based apps and systems within the past 3 years in a variety of verticals.Kevin has also held director level technology positions for International giants KPMG, LLP (Accounting) and Reed-Elsevier PLC (Legal Publishing) running their internal e-technology technology initiatives.Jose Enrique PerezMr. Perez has amassed a wealth of experience as an executive in international businesses with successful experience building high-performance sales, engineering and marketing teams. Mr. Perez has more than 20 years of experience in the payment industry as well international management, global transaction processing, networking and compliance. Mr. Perez was the SVP and Chief of Global Software Development for Hypercom Corporation before it was acquired by Verifone with a 14+ year tenure, where he successfully lead software and product development worldwide including the development of Hypercom's first EMV POS terminal and EMV card migrations for acquirers and financial institutions.David E. ChristensenMr. Christensen has over 20 years' experience in helping companies go from Good to Great. He is a recognized expert in Global Strategy Deployment including unique expertise in Global Supply Chain, POS, Logistics, Freight, Distribution, Inventory, Service Repairs, CRM, Customer Service and Call Center. Additionally, his International team includes industry experts in Engineering, IT Hardware, ERP Applications, Security Management, as well as Marketing and PR.  As CEO of Enterprise Technology Consulting, Dave helps companies Transform their Leadership and Operations by driving Strategic Initiatives. As a Black Belt, he uses the best tools from Lean/Six Sigma Principles of Strategy Deployment.  Dave is a known expert for not only developing Strategic Business Objectives, but also for his methodology of Execution Excellence. His goal is to help companies surpass the competition by creating a Sustainable Competitive Advantage.  His Mantra is that "Success does not just happen by accident." He knows not only how to generate fresh New Ideas, but how to apply Proven Business Systems to achieve results.  Dave has worked for companies like Compaq, HP, Cal Cartage, WalMart International, Qualcomm, Rexnord Carlyle, Hypercom and Verifone.About Lans Holdings, Inc.Lans Holdings provides secure payment solutions.  The Company makes it easy for sellers to start selling, and buyers to buy with confidence. The Company solutions are used to enable businesses to process payments more efficiently whether online or in a retail store front. The Company provides white label solutions for payment service providers to enable business to consumer and business to business payments through physical POS, mobile devices, online and software integrations.  Lans Holdings is focused to provide emerging payment solutions that motivate and reward our clients for adopting more secure payment systems in their businesses.Further information on the Company can be found at www.sec.gov and the company's website at www.LansHoldings.com   Forward Looking StatementsSome information in this document constitutes forward-looking statements or statements which may be deemed or construed to be forward-looking statements, such as the closing of the share exchange agreement. The words "plan", "forecast", "anticipates", "estimate", "project", "intend", "expect", "should", "believe", and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve, and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause the Company's actual results, performance (financial or operating) or achievements to differ from the future results, performance (financial or operating) or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The risks, uncertainties and other factors are more fully discussed in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements attributable to Lans Holdings Inc., herein are expressly qualified in their entirety by the above-mentioned cautionary statement. Lans Holdings Inc., disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this estimate, except as may be required by law.To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lans-holdings-inc-announces-global-business-strategy-300191946.htmlSOURCE  Lans Holdings, Inc. 




Related Stories


Lans Holdings, Inc. Announces Global Business Strategy
PR Newswire
            12/11 16:15 ET
        

Lans Holdings announces previous appointment of President and COO
PR Newswire
            10/27 18:30 ET
        



Advertisement














{{root.upsell.info.feature_headline}}.

            {{root.upsell.info.feature_description}}
            
Please note that this feature is only available as an add-on to YCharts subscriptions.
            

Please note that this feature requires full activation of your account and is not permitted during the free trial period.
            













            {{root.upsell.info.call_to_action}}
        

            No credit card required.
        


Already a subscriber?
Sign in.
            






























Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












