













Returns and Refunds Policy - Marco Laterza






















































































































































 









 










Login
0CHF 0




Contact UsEmail:management@marcolaterza.com
Returns and Refunds Policy 



Home / Returns and Refunds Policy 


Returns and Refunds Policy
Thank you for shopping at Marco Laterza.
Digital products
We do not issue refunds for digital products once the order is confirmed and the product is sent.
We recommend contacting us for assistance if you experience any issues receiving or downloading our products.
Contact
If you have any questions about our Returns and Refunds Policy, please contact us:
- By email: info@marcolaterza.com







 




































































Woo Logo - Marco Laterza























































































































































 









 










Login
0CHF 0




Contact UsEmail:management@marcolaterza.com
Shop 






 


Woo LogoCHF 35

Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo.





Add to cart


Categories: Clothing, Hoodies






Description


Reviews (0)




Description
Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo.







Reviews
There are no reviews yet.




Be the first to review “Woo Logo” Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Your rating
Rate…
Perfect
Good
Average
Not that bad
Very poor
Your review *Name * 
Email * 
 

 










Related products


Ninja Silhouette
CHF 35
Add to cart

Patient Ninja
CHF 35
Add to cart

Happy Ninja
CHF 35
Add to cart






 









































































Personal Training Zürich - Coach Marco Laterza brings you in Shape


























































































































































 









 












Login
0CHF 0




Contact UsEmail:management@marcolaterza.com
Personal Trainer – Marco Laterza 













 











CHECK OUT PERSONAL TRAINING OFFERING 







CHECK OUT MY PORTFOLIO 







CHECK OUT MY YOUTUBE-CHANNEL 

 







 

 

 

 

CHECK THEM OUT 



 












Welcome






"Never give up on something that you can’t go a day without thinking about." Those words best describe my attitude and how I made it on the cover of several international fitness magazines.

		



Read my Bio













Ready for your Body Transformation?




Getting in shape within 12 weeks? Let's achieve this together. In one year I could accomplish more than 70 successful body transformations. What is a body transformation? Results is the answer. As an Ex-Banker I've learned that in the end only results matter and that's my attitude when it comes to coaching you. Based on your needs I'll design a goal-oriented nutrition plan and coach you with professional 1:1 Personal Training Sessions or Online-Based Training in order to achieve your goals. The 1:1 Personal Training Sessions will be held in Zurich area and if you choose my Online Training Programme we will be working with skype, email or phone. Trust me, in my training experience of about 14 years I've seen very few people that were able to change themselves by themselves. Train with a pro to get results like a pro.





Coaching Offering





Testimonials










The Ultimate 12 Week Programme
Get it now!




Subscribe to my newsletter!

Your name:



Email address: 



Promotion Code: 














Find me online!




Facebook
303,160Fans


 


Instagram
406,609Followers


 


Twitter
92,799Followers


 


Youtube
6,573Subscriber











Share my Site!





Share on Facebook
Share







Share on TwitterTweet







Share on Google Plus 
Share







Share on Pinterest
Share






Print
Print












Online Coaching
Check out my Online Coaching Pricing PlansCheck them out!








TV Appearance
See my latest appearance on TVWatch it!







Get in TouchIf you have any questions regarding services or schedules or have requests or suggestions to make, feel free to fill out the form below.














Contact me!If you need any additional Information, feel free to send your questions using below Email-Adresses or the Contact Form.
Management:
management@marcolaterza.com
Marco Laterza:
marco@marcolaterza.com















Name *Email *Phone NumberSubjectMessage *Leave EmptySend the message





Instagram-Feed 




Load More...
Follow on Instagram











 



 






 


















































需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017














Marco Laterza - USN Base































 

















































































Survey by Qualaroo

























 Basket



0



 
                You have no items in your shopping basket.            










My Account














Home

Shop By Category 





Lean Muscle Supplements 


Weight Control Range 


Bodybuilding Supplements 


Electrolyte Drinks & Gels 






Protein Shakes 


BCAA Amino Acids  


Creatine 


Vitamins & Minerals 






Protein Bars & Beverages 


Pre Workouts 


Gym Accessories 


Discount Supplements 






Essentials 

All Products 





Shop By Goal 

Endurance For Sport
Weight Loss & Toning
Health & Wellbeing
Muscle Gain & Building



Gym Wear


USN Life 



USN Life
Social Gallery




Athletes
Teams




Health & Wellbeing
Muscle Gain & Building




Nutrition for Women
Nutrition for Men




Weight Loss & Toning
Sports Endurance





Body Makeover 







Search


















Marco Laterza 
My name is Marco Laterza, originally from Switzerland.
I’m a professional fitness model, athlete and licensed personal trainer.
Sport is my life. I want my clients to live a healthier life. Everyone is extremely busy today but if you’re willing to invest the right amount of time, you can be fit no matter what!
Dedication, determination and desire are the best attributes describing my will and persistence in pursuing my fitness journey, and being fluent in 3 different languages (English, German and Italian) have been also a great asset for me to stimulate my profession.
 
 
 
 


                                                    Marco's                                                    Articles
                                                

Share This











At the age of 16, I hurt my meniscus badly during gymnastics and my physician predicted that I may never properly bend my knee or put any weight on it. However, I didn’t give up and started on free weights training despite all warnings. My knee improved, and my body responded so well that a new fire was lit. If I could do it, I could also inspire others to become fit as well! So I pursued a career in banking and worked out hard during my free time to become a licensed personal trainer, nutritionist and strength coach. I also realised that the skills I developed in banking such as listening to my customer’s needs, trying to put myself in their shoes or finding tailor-made solutions for their needs were absolutely the key to my success when working as a personal trainer!
One of my biggest goals in fitness was also to become a fitness cover model since I was 18. With all dedication, determination and hard work, I achieved my goal and made my dream come true. In June 2014, I was on the cover of Spanish edition of the famous Muscle & Fitness Magazine. After my first international cover, I managed to land on 9 international magazine covers as well as many article features all over the world which helped me to become Europe’s most published Fitness Model 2015. I’ve also been the first European Fitness Model to land on 3 Muscle & Fitness Covers, and the only Swiss Athlete to land on a US Cover for the Muscle & Performance Magazine so far.












Achievements
 

Europe's Most Published Fitness Model 2015




9x International Fitness Cover Model




Cover Model for Muscle & Fitness Magazine 2014 Spanish Edition




First European Fitness Model featuring on 3 Muscle & Fitness Magazine Covers




First Swiss Athlete featuring on US Cover of Muscle & Perfromance Magazine








My Training Plan
 


HIIT Cardio Session






Chest/Back






Shoulders/Abs






HIIT Cardio Session






Biceps/Triceps






Legs






Rest Day








''Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.''





Products used by Marco Laterza


USN Water Jug 2.2L


£13.99














                    Leave a review                




                        A great and convenient way to reach your daily flu...                        
ADD TO BAG
SAVE FOR LATER


Pure Protein GF-1


£43.99













4

29 Review(s)                




                        Protein is an essential part of your muscle growth...                        
ADD TO BAG
SAVE FOR LATER


B4-Bomb Extreme


£41.99













4

34 Review(s)                




                        USN's New and Improved B4-Bomb is an exhilarating ...                        
ADD TO BAG
SAVE FOR LATER


BCAA Power Punch


£43.99













4

8 Review(s)                




                        The USN BCAA Power Punch offers a great tasting, e...                        
ADD TO BAG
SAVE FOR LATER






					    Marco on USN Life




Read here for tips to break through your plateu...





















 













 



    Marco Laterza on Prezi
CreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano
                Marco Laterza
            
                
                    
                        Marco Laterza is using Prezi to create and share presentations online.
                    
                
            
            ♥ Prezi?
            Sign up now, it's free!
        
            Prezis
        (14)
        
            more ›LA COMUNICAZIONE
            
                by Marco Laterza on 13 May 2016
            
        ReusableSHAKESPEARE
            
                by Marco Laterza on 30 March 2014
            
        ReusableTesina Esami Terza Media
            
                by Marco Laterza on 14 June 2011
            
        Asia
            
                by Marco Laterza on 18 April 2011
            
        ReusableCopy of Asia
            
                by Marco Laterza on 12 April 2011
            
        Asia
            
                by Marco Laterza on 11 April 2011
            
        ReusableProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactApps
                                English
                            
                                español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                Français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                italiano
                            
        © 2017 Prezi Inc. 
        Terms



Marco A Laterza - Centereach, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Marco A Laterza in Centereach, NY


Marco A Laterza

                                                                           Intelius found that Marco A Laterza  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Centereach, NY.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Marco H Laterza


Get Report Now

Age

Marco A Laterza is in his 70s

Marco Has Lived In

Centereach, NY
Holtsville, NY
Patchogue, NY

Marco's Relatives

Michael Laterza
John Laterza
Dora Laterza
Danielle Laterza







Marco A Laterza



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Marco? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Marco, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Marco A Laterza
Get a Criminal Check on Marco A Laterza
Get a Public Record Report on Marco A Laterza
Get a People Search Report on Marco A Laterza


Marco A Laterza's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Marco A Laterza has lived as well as Marco A Laterza's phone numbers and email addresses.




Marco A Laterza Has Lived in 1 States
New York Address for Marco A Laterza


7 N W********* A** 

Centereach, NY


Has Lived In

Centereach, NY
Holtsville, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Marco A Laterza

(631) ***-**** - Selden, NY 
(631) ***-**** - Patchogue, NY 
(516) ***-**** - Centereach, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Marco A Laterza



Get Email Report




Marco A Laterza's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Marco A Laterza


Marco A Laterza's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Marco A Laterza's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Marco Laterza
Username Matches

                  MarcoLaterza
                  LaterzaMarco
                  Marco.Laterza
                  Laterza.Marco
                  Marco_Laterza
                  Laterza_Marco
                  Marco-Laterza
                  Laterza-Marco
                  MLaterza
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Laterza







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











