






Lathrop Investment Management CorporationLathrop Investment Management Corporation




































LIMC,little rock investment manager,arkansas investment manager,arkansas investment management,arkansas financial adviser, arkansas financial advisor,little rock financial advisor,little rock financial adviser,little rock investment management,greg lathrop,andy lagrone,wes havens










Lathrop Investment Management

























Professional Investment Management Counsel since 1981 For over 36 years, Lathrop Investment Management Corporation ("LIMC") has focused on the simple and transparent business approach of providing clients a solid foundation for long-term investment success.  Our client relationships are grounded in personal service with flexible and open communications, while our investment discipline stresses experience, diligence, objective judgment, and full-time supervision.  As a fiduciary, LIMC exercises discretionary management on over $560 million in investment securities for a limited number of individuals, families, and institutions. 








Lathrop Investment Management Corporation
LIMC,little rock investment manager,arkansas investment manager,arkansas investment management,arkansas financial adviser, arkansas financial advisor,little rock financial advisor,little rock financial adviser,little rock investment management,greg lathrop,andy lagrone,wes havens
Little Rock, Arkansas based investment adviser offering discretionary investment management for individuals, families, and institutions. 

Lathrop Investment Management Corporation | 10 Corporate Hill Dr, Suite 225, Little Rock, AR, 72205, United States

















Our Team — Lathrop Investment Management Corporation





























LIMC,little rock investment manager,arkansas investment manager,arkansas investment management,arkansas financial adviser, arkansas financial advisor,little rock financial advisor,little rock financial adviser,little rock investment management,greg lathrop,andy lagrone,wes havens








Our Team


 







GREG LATHROP, CFAPresidentEmail: greg@limc.comGreg is the sole owner of LIMC, founding the firm in 1981. He has earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation, is a Chartered Investment Counselor, and a member of CFA Institute and CFA Society Arkansas. Greg’s prior career experience includes positions as Vice President and Trust Investment Department Manager with Worthen Bank & Trust Company from 1973 to 1981 and Assistant Trust Investment Officer with National Bank of Commerce from 1970 to 1973.  In 1969, he received his B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Texas at Austin.  Greg completed course work on an M.B.A. at St. Mary's University, San Antonio, Texas in 1973. In 1976, he completed the 3-year National Graduate Trust School at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois. 







ANDY LaGRONE, CFAChief Compliance Officer & Senior Portfolio Manager/AnalystEmail: andy@limc.comAndy joined LIMC in 1999.  He has earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive). Andy is a member of CFA Institute and a member, past president and director of CFA Society Arkansas. His prior career experience includes positions as Vice President and Senior Equity Analyst with Sterne Agee from 1995 to 1999, Chief Financial Officer with Hill, Crawford & Lanford, Inc. from 1986 to 1995, and Staff Auditor with KPMG from 1984 to 1986.  He received his B.S.B.A. in finance from the University of Arkansas in 1984.  Andy is a member of the board of directors of Mount St. Mary Foundation.  He is a volunteer with the Arkansas chapter of the Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America and with the Mount St. Mary Investment Club.







WES HAVENS, CFASenior Portfolio Manager/AnalystEmail: wes@limc.comWes joined LIMC in 2001.  He has earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a member of CFA Institute and CFA Society Arkansas.  His prior career experience includes a position as Financial Analyst with Pratt & Whitney from 2000 to 2001.  Wes received his B.S.B.A. in finance from the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville in 2000 and his M.B.A. from the University of Arkansas in 2001.  He is a member of the board of directors of the North Little Rock Public Education Foundation. 







RENEE ROGERS Senior AdministratorEmail: renee@limc.comRenee joined LIMC in 2001.  Her prior career experience includes a variety of positions with Timber Ridge Group since 1987, a private health rehabilitation company. Responsibilities included payroll, accounts payable, cash management and telephone and voice mail administration. Renee also assisted the President/CEO, the Controller/CFO and the human resource and billing departments. She held positions with Spivey Chevrolet in Benton, Arkansas from 1992 to 1993, and with Brandon House Furniture of Little Rock, Arkansas in 1996, adding sales and additional cashier and accounts receivable experience.  Renee attended the University of Arkansas at Little Rock. 







TERRY LYONS  AdministratorEmail: terry@limc.comTerry joined LIMC in 2010.  Her prior career experience includes working for Flake, Kelley & Rogers Real Estate from 2007 to 2010 as an administrative assistant to several property managers as well as resident manager for the Rock Street Lofts in downtown Little Rock.  Prior to joining Flake, Kelley & Rogers, she worked for Frost, PLLC in Little Rock. Terry worked for Weston Real Estate Development Firm in Memphis from 1988 to 2006 where she served as office manager handling all personnel files, insurance issues, payroll issues, and new employee hiring. She also served as administrative assistant to three property managers, the CFO and Controller. Terry compiled and wrote two property management operations manuals, compiled multiple emergency procedures manuals, and served on the disaster relief committee for the Company.  She attended Ouachita Baptist University in Arkadelphia, Arkansas from 1973 – 1975.      








Lathrop Investment Management Corporation
LIMC,little rock investment manager,arkansas investment manager,arkansas investment management,arkansas financial adviser, arkansas financial advisor,little rock financial advisor,little rock financial adviser,little rock investment management,greg lathrop,andy lagrone,wes havens
Little Rock, Arkansas based investment adviser offering discretionary investment management for individuals, families, and institutions. 

Lathrop Investment Management Corporation | 10 Corporate Hill Dr, Suite 225, Little Rock, AR, 72205, United States

















About Us — Lathrop Investment Management Corporation





























LIMC,little rock investment manager,arkansas investment manager,arkansas investment management,arkansas financial adviser, arkansas financial advisor,little rock financial advisor,little rock financial adviser,little rock investment management,greg lathrop,andy lagrone,wes havens








About Us


 LIMC was founded in 1981 on proven investment principles and an exceptional level of personalized service and accessibility.  That continues today.  Client FocusedInvestment capital is hard-earned and deserves diligence in its stewardship.  In addition to sound portfolio structure and investment management, LIMC’s business model relies on being accessible to our clients and having an appreciation for unique circumstances that require attention today and flexibility going forward.  Acting as a fiduciary for each client, we are experienced in working with your tax, legal, and business advisers and welcome collaboration when appropriate. We understand that beyond just delivering long-term investment performance, the success of our investment partnership depends on developing your comfort and trust. Portfolio ManagementLIMC considers each client’s cash flow needs, their desire to protect and grow wealth, and their financial and emotional ability to tolerate investment risks when constructing investment portfolios. We manage substantially all portfolios with stocks, bonds, and cash allocated in keeping with client investment objectives. In addition to enhancing portfolio transparency, we believe that diversified holdings of individual securities offer more options for tax efficiency and minimizing investment costs. For client protection, LIMC never takes possession of client assets but rather maintains discretion only to buy and sell investments on your behalf with fiduciary responsibility. Client assets are held by a third-party custodian, such as Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.Investment StrategyLIMC seeks to deliver superior long-term portfolio returns by applying a disciplined approach that prioritizes sound and attractive financial, valuation, and business fundamentals.  We dedicate significant resources to internal research and the development of investment ideas. Each portfolio manager is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), a designation respected in the investment industry for its high standard of professional practice and ethics. Investment actions are agreed upon and implemented with a team approach including all LIMC portfolio managers. Broad investment actions are then carried out in a timely manner for all clients with unique client issues continually addressed as needed. For more details on our business, click here to review LIMC’s Form ADV Part 2 as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 








Lathrop Investment Management Corporation
LIMC,little rock investment manager,arkansas investment manager,arkansas investment management,arkansas financial adviser, arkansas financial advisor,little rock financial advisor,little rock financial adviser,little rock investment management,greg lathrop,andy lagrone,wes havens
Little Rock, Arkansas based investment adviser offering discretionary investment management for individuals, families, and institutions. 

Lathrop Investment Management Corporation | 10 Corporate Hill Dr, Suite 225, Little Rock, AR, 72205, United States

















Management Fees — Lathrop Investment Management Corporation





























LIMC,little rock investment manager,arkansas investment manager,arkansas investment management,arkansas financial adviser, arkansas financial advisor,little rock financial advisor,little rock financial adviser,little rock investment management,greg lathrop,andy lagrone,wes havens








Management Fees


 Over long periods of time, the level of expenses associated with investment management can have a significant impact on wealth creation.  As such, a highly competitive fee structure driven by lean but efficient operations is a cornerstone of LIMC's business model.Fees for LIMC investment services are based on the market value of assets under management, payable quarterly in advance.  For clients with multiple accounts, all funds are aggregated for fee calculation purposes.  The implied annual fee is based on the following: $5,000 annual minimum1% of the first $500,000 under management.75% of funds between $500,000 and $1 million.50% of funds over $1 millionEither LIMC or its client may terminate the advisory relationship by providing written notice, which shall be effective upon receipt.  Fees will be prorated to the date of termination and an appropriate refund made.  LIMC’s management fee is exclusive of any commissions, fees or expenses explicitly or implicitly charged by the custodian of the client’s account or by any investment product owned in the account (e.g. mutual- and exchange-traded funds).  LIMC’s approach to investment management does focus on minimizing any such costs, however. 








Lathrop Investment Management Corporation
LIMC,little rock investment manager,arkansas investment manager,arkansas investment management,arkansas financial adviser, arkansas financial advisor,little rock financial advisor,little rock financial adviser,little rock investment management,greg lathrop,andy lagrone,wes havens
Little Rock, Arkansas based investment adviser offering discretionary investment management for individuals, families, and institutions. 

Lathrop Investment Management Corporation | 10 Corporate Hill Dr, Suite 225, Little Rock, AR, 72205, United States

















Ethics — Lathrop Investment Management Corporation





























LIMC,little rock investment manager,arkansas investment manager,arkansas investment management,arkansas financial adviser, arkansas financial advisor,little rock financial advisor,little rock financial adviser,little rock investment management,greg lathrop,andy lagrone,wes havens








Ethics


 Ethics"...High ethical standards are critical to maintaining the public’s trust in financial markets and in the investment profession. Since their creation in the 1960s, the CFA Institute Code of Ethics and Standards of Professional Conduct have promoted the integrity of CFA Institute members and served as a model for measuring the ethics of investment professionals globally, regardless of job function, cultural differences, or local laws and regulations. All CFA Institute members (including holders of the Chartered Financial Analyst® [CFA®] designation) and CFA candidates must abide by the Code and Standards and are encouraged to notify their employer of this responsibility.  Violations may result in disciplinary sanctions by CFA Institute. Sanctions can include revocation of membership, revocation of candidacy in the CFA Program, and revocation of the right to use the CFA designation."                                                                                                                - CFA InstituteCFA Institute Code of Ethics and Standards of Professional ConductCFA Institute Statement of Investor RightsCutting Through the Confusion, Where to Turn for Help with Your Investments - published by the North American Securities Administrators Association, the Investment Adviser Association, the Financial Planning Coalition, and CFA Institute.   








Lathrop Investment Management Corporation
LIMC,little rock investment manager,arkansas investment manager,arkansas investment management,arkansas financial adviser, arkansas financial advisor,little rock financial advisor,little rock financial adviser,little rock investment management,greg lathrop,andy lagrone,wes havens
Little Rock, Arkansas based investment adviser offering discretionary investment management for individuals, families, and institutions. 

Lathrop Investment Management Corporation | 10 Corporate Hill Dr, Suite 225, Little Rock, AR, 72205, United States

















Contact — Lathrop Investment Management Corporation





























LIMC,little rock investment manager,arkansas investment manager,arkansas investment management,arkansas financial adviser, arkansas financial advisor,little rock financial advisor,little rock financial adviser,little rock investment management,greg lathrop,andy lagrone,wes havens








Contact


 Contact Us





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Message *






Thank you!




 Lathrop Investment Management Corporation10 Corporate Hill Drive, Suite 225 Little Rock, Arkansas 72205                     Office: (501) 227 4930      Toll Free: 1 (877) 227 4930Fax: (501) 227 7630Email: info@limc.com







Arkansas Medical Society Building 








Lathrop Investment Management Corporation
LIMC,little rock investment manager,arkansas investment manager,arkansas investment management,arkansas financial adviser, arkansas financial advisor,little rock financial advisor,little rock financial adviser,little rock investment management,greg lathrop,andy lagrone,wes havens
Little Rock, Arkansas based investment adviser offering discretionary investment management for individuals, families, and institutions. 

Lathrop Investment Management Corporation | 10 Corporate Hill Dr, Suite 225, Little Rock, AR, 72205, United States

















Regulation — Lathrop Investment Management Corporation





























LIMC,little rock investment manager,arkansas investment manager,arkansas investment management,arkansas financial adviser, arkansas financial advisor,little rock financial advisor,little rock financial adviser,little rock investment management,greg lathrop,andy lagrone,wes havens








Regulation


 RegulationAs an investment adviser with assets under management in excess of $100 million, LIMC is regulated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), primarily under the  Investment Advisers Act of 1940.Form ADV is used by investment advisers to register with the SEC. The Form consists of two parts, Part 1 and Part 2:Part 1 requires information about an investment adviser’s business, ownership, clients, employees, business practices, affiliations, and any disciplinary events of the adviser or its employees. Part 1 is organized in a check-the-box, fill-in-the-blank format.LIMC ADV Part 1Part 2 requires an investment adviser to prepare a narrative brochure written in plain English that contains information such as the types of advisory services offered, the adviser’s fee schedule, disciplinary information, conflicts of interest, and the educational and business background of management and key advisory personnel of the adviser. The brochure is the primary disclosure document that investment advisers provide to their clients. Once filed, the brochures are available to the public on the SEC website.LIMC ADV Part 2 








Lathrop Investment Management Corporation
LIMC,little rock investment manager,arkansas investment manager,arkansas investment management,arkansas financial adviser, arkansas financial advisor,little rock financial advisor,little rock financial adviser,little rock investment management,greg lathrop,andy lagrone,wes havens
Little Rock, Arkansas based investment adviser offering discretionary investment management for individuals, families, and institutions. 

Lathrop Investment Management Corporation | 10 Corporate Hill Dr, Suite 225, Little Rock, AR, 72205, United States










﻿
























Lathrop Investment Management Corp Has $400,000 Position in Bank of the Ozarks (OZRK) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Bank of the Ozarks
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Bank of the Ozarks with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Lathrop Investment Management Corp Has $400,000 Position in Bank of the Ozarks (OZRK)
Insider Selling: Nature’s Sunshine Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:NATR) Director Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock
David Fineberg Acquires 206 Shares of CMC Markets Plc (LON:CMCX) Stock
Carnick & Kubik Group LLC Has $811,000 Position in Automatic Data Processing (NYSE:ADP)
Brookline Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BRKL) Stake Held by Swiss National Bank
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company (NASDAQ:HMHC) Stake Held by Swiss National Bank
Chesapeake Utilities Corporation (NYSE:CPK) Position Held by Swiss National Bank
World Asset Management Inc Raises Stake in Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY)
WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (NYSE:WCG) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
Chesapeake Energy Corporation (NYSE:CHK) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
Southern Company (The) (NYSE:SO) Stake Decreased by Intrust Bank NA
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 35,152 Shares of United States Steel Corporation (NYSE:X)
Nuance Communications (NASDAQ:NUAN) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.13
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect RLJ Entertainment (NASDAQ:RLJE) Share Price
Matrix Service (NASDAQ:MTRX) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Phillips 66 Partners (NYSE:PSXP) Share Price
Veritiv Corporation (NYSE:VRTV) Stake Lowered by Comerica Bank
Comerica Bank Boosts Position in Continental Resources, Inc. (NYSE:CLR)
Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $11.78 Million Stake in Meridian Bioscience Inc. (NASDAQ:VIVO)
Mastercard (MA) vs. Paypal Holdings (PYPLV) Financial Analysis


 


Lathrop Investment Management Corp Has $400,000 Position in Bank of the Ozarks (OZRK)

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Lathrop Investment Management Corp continued to hold its position in Bank of the Ozarks (NASDAQ:OZRK) during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 7,700 shares of the financial services provider’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Lathrop Investment Management Corp’s holdings in Bank of the Ozarks were worth $400,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC raised its position in Bank of the Ozarks by 9.3% in the first quarter. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC now owns 2,624 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 224 shares during the last quarter. Tyers Asset Management LLC raised its position in Bank of the Ozarks by 9.3% in the first quarter. Tyers Asset Management LLC now owns 3,608 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $188,000 after buying an additional 308 shares during the last quarter. EFG Asset Management Americas Corp. acquired a new position in Bank of the Ozarks during the first quarter valued at about $206,000. Creative Planning raised its position in shares of Bank of the Ozarks by 46.0% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 4,556 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $237,000 after buying an additional 1,436 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Flinton Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Bank of the Ozarks by 9.3% in the first quarter. Flinton Capital Management LLC now owns 4,592 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $239,000 after buying an additional 392 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 85.34% of the company’s stock. 




Shares of Bank of the Ozarks (OZRK) traded down 1.51% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $46.95. 227,620 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $6.02 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.51 and a beta of 1.54. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $47.02 and its 200-day moving average is $50.36. Bank of the Ozarks has a 12 month low of $35.11 and a 12 month high of $56.86. 


 Get Bank of the Ozarks alerts:



Bank of the Ozarks (NASDAQ:OZRK) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, July 12th. The financial services provider reported $0.73 EPS for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.73. The firm had revenue of $237.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $232.85 million. Bank of the Ozarks had a net margin of 46.15% and a return on equity of 11.75%. Bank of the Ozarks’s revenue for the quarter was up 64.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.60 EPS. Equities research analysts predict that Bank of the Ozarks will post $2.97 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 21st. Shareholders of record on Friday, July 14th will be given a dividend of $0.18 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 12th. This represents a $0.72 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.51%. This is an increase from Bank of the Ozarks’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.18. Bank of the Ozarks’s dividend payout ratio is presently 25.35%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first reported by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/21/lathrop-investment-management-corp-holds-stake-in-bank-of-the-ozarks-ozrk-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Brean Capital restated a “buy” rating and issued a $59.00 price objective on shares of Bank of the Ozarks in a report on Friday, July 14th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $56.00 price objective on shares of Bank of the Ozarks and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, July 6th. BidaskClub lowered shares of Bank of the Ozarks from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Saturday, June 24th. Stephens set a $64.00 price objective on shares of Bank of the Ozarks and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, June 22nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Bank of the Ozarks from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, April 13th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $53.88.
In other news, Director Walter J. Mullen III sold 505 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.31, for a total transaction of $25,406.55. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 3,400 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $171,054. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Walter J. Mullen III sold 1,034 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $47.91, for a total transaction of $49,538.94. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 3,400 shares in the company, valued at $162,894. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 22,310 shares of company stock valued at $1,057,451. 6.70% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
Bank of the Ozarks Company Profile
Bank of the Ozarks, Inc is a state chartered bank that provides retail and commercial banking services. Its deposit services include checking, savings, money market, time deposit and individual retirement accounts. Its loan services include various types of real estate, consumer, commercial, industrial and agricultural loans and various leasing services. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Bank of the Ozarks Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank of the Ozarks and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Lathrop Investment Management Corp                                                                                       - Little Rock                                       , AR         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AR



Little Rock



Investment Advice



Investment Counselors



                            Lathrop Investment Management Corp
                                    



 





















L 


Lathrop Investment Management Corp                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



10 CORPORATE HILL DR # 225 LITTLE ROCK, AR 72205
Get Directions



(501) 227-4930
www.limc.com                                                                                            





Business Info



 Founded 1981
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,000,000.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Investment Counselors
 Contacts Gregory Lathrop                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Lathrop Investment Management Corp                                                                                       is located at 10 Corporate Hill Dr # 225 in Little Rock and has been in the business of Investment Counselors since 1981. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Lathrop Investment Management Corp | Wealthminder











































Lathrop Investment Management Corp


Lathrop Investment Management Corp
(CRD# 108327) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Little Rock, AR.
They
manage $515,396,812 in 656 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 4 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Lathrop Investment Management Corp




10 Corporate Hill Drive, Suite 225,
Little Rock,
AR
72205
501-227-4930
http://www.limc.com




http://www.limc.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

515
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

656
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$785,666







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AR, LA, NH, TX






Financial Advisors at Lathrop Investment Management Corp




Showing 1 - 3 of 3 top financial advisors.





1















Andrew A. Lagrone



CRD#:
1618692



10 Corporate Hill Drive, Suite 225,
Little Rock,
AR
72205




96

Wealthminder
score








Andrew Lagrone (CRD# 1618692) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Lathrop Investment Management Corp in Little Rock, AR and has 
over 30 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















James W. Havens



CRD#:
4527207



10 Corporate Hill Drive, Suite 225,
Little Rock,
AR
72205




93

Wealthminder
score








James Havens (CRD# 4527207) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Lathrop Investment Management Corp in Little Rock, AR and has 
over 15 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Gregory C. Lathrop



CRD#:
4340181



10 Corporate Hill Drive, Suite 225,
Little Rock,
AR
72205




90

Wealthminder
score








Gregory Lathrop (CRD# 4340181) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Lathrop Investment Management Corp in Little Rock, AR and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














﻿

























Lathrop Investment Management Corp Has $12,778,000 Stake in Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Newell Brands Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Newell Brands Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Vmware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) Position Raised by Gillespie Robinson & Grimm Inc.
Kissinger Financial Services LLC Increases Stake in EastGroup Properties, Inc. (NYSE:EGP)
Lathrop Investment Management Corp Has $12,778,000 Stake in Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL)
Kissinger Financial Services LLC Invests $474,000 in Rexford Industrial Realty Inc (REXR)
Independence Realty Trust Inc (IRT) Position Increased by Kissinger Financial Services LLC
Mercer International (NASDAQ:MERC) vs. Wausau Paper Corp. (WPP) Head to Head Contrast
Brokers Issue Forecasts for CIT Group Inc (DEL)’s Q4 2017 Earnings (NYSE:CIT)
Savannah Resources Plc (SAV) Earns Corporate Rating from FinnCap
Wells Fargo & Company Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ)
Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ:BIIB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company
GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C (GFTU) PT Raised to GBX 770
Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,890 at Jefferies Group LLC
Acuity Brands Inc (NYSE:AYI) Now Covered by Analysts at Wolfe Research
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Rating Reiterated by Aegis
J P Morgan Chase & Co Reiterates “€18.00” Price Target for Deutsche Bank AG (DBK)
Teachers Advisors LLC Has $175,000 Position in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARWR)
Teachers Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Position in Eclipse Resources Corporation (ECR)
Teachers Advisors LLC Holds Position in Chromadex Corp (CDXC)
Foothills Asset Management Ltd. Buys Shares of 17,342 Apple Inc. (AAPL)
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Position Raised by Merriman Wealth Management LLC


 


Lathrop Investment Management Corp Has $12,778,000 Stake in Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL)

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Lathrop Investment Management Corp held its position in shares of Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL) during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 270,893 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Newell Brands makes up approximately 3.7% of Lathrop Investment Management Corp’s portfolio, making the stock its 15th largest position. Lathrop Investment Management Corp owned approximately 0.06% of Newell Brands worth $12,778,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in NWL. Fifth Third Bancorp raised its position in Newell Brands by 0.5% in the first quarter. Fifth Third Bancorp now owns 7,137 shares of the company’s stock valued at $337,000 after buying an additional 39 shares in the last quarter. Cleararc Capital Inc. raised its position in Newell Brands by 0.5% in the first quarter. Cleararc Capital Inc. now owns 10,902 shares of the company’s stock valued at $514,000 after buying an additional 51 shares in the last quarter. Savant Capital LLC raised its position in Newell Brands by 1.9% in the first quarter. Savant Capital LLC now owns 4,868 shares of the company’s stock valued at $230,000 after buying an additional 90 shares in the last quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. raised its position in Newell Brands by 1.9% in the first quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 7,088 shares of the company’s stock valued at $334,000 after buying an additional 134 shares in the last quarter. Finally, United Asset Strategies Inc. raised its position in Newell Brands by 2.8% in the first quarter. United Asset Strategies Inc. now owns 4,887 shares of the company’s stock valued at $231,000 after buying an additional 135 shares in the last quarter. 94.23% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Newell Brands Inc. alerts:



Shares of Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL) traded down 0.1881% during trading on Friday, reaching $53.0001. 846,003 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a market cap of $25.60 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.4958 and a beta of 1.17. Newell Brands Inc. has a 52-week low of $43.43 and a 52-week high of $55.45. The company’s 50-day moving average is $53.40 and its 200 day moving average is $49.49. 




Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $0.34 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.29 by $0.05. Newell Brands had a return on equity of 11.07% and a net margin of 7.40%. The company had revenue of $3.27 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.23 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.40 earnings per share. Newell Brands’s revenue for the quarter was up 148.4% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Newell Brands Inc. will post $3.12 EPS for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Lathrop Investment Management Corp Has $12,778,000 Stake in Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL)” was originally reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/21/lathrop-investment-management-corp-has-12778000-stake-in-newell-brands-inc-nysenwl-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts recently commented on NWL shares. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $71.00 price target on shares of Newell Brands in a research note on Friday, April 14th. Wells Fargo & Company lowered shares of Newell Brands from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $50.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Royal Bank Of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $60.00 price target on shares of Newell Brands in a research note on Thursday, June 8th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Newell Brands from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $60.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Saturday, July 1st. Finally, BidaskClub upgraded shares of Newell Brands from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 5th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $58.56.
In other Newell Brands news, Director Thomas E. Clarke sold 5,353 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $52.49, for a total value of $280,978.97. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 66,286 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,479,352.14. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own 0.97% of the company’s stock. 
About Newell Brands
Newell Brands Inc is a marketer of consumer and commercial products. The Company’s segments include Writing, Home Solutions, Commercial Products, Baby & Parenting, Branded Consumables, Consumer Solutions, Outdoor Solutions and Process Solutions. Its products are marketed under a portfolio of brands, including Paper Mate, Sharpie, Dymo, Expo, Parker, Elmer’s, Coleman, Jostens, Marmot, Rawlings, Mr. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Newell Brands Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿






























Lathrop Investment Management Corp Has $14,242,000 Position in Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Heritage Investors Management Corp Increases Position in Honda Motor Company, Ltd. (NYSE:HMC)
American Beacon Advisors Inc. Buys Shares of 343 Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (NYSE:SHW)
New England Research & Management Inc. Boosts Position in Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN)
J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC Sells 180 Shares of Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (SHW)
2,590 Shares in The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) Acquired by ZWJ Investment Counsel Inc.
10,554 Shares in Nucor Corporation (NYSE:NUE) Acquired by Carlton Hofferkamp & Jenks Wealth Management LLC
New England Research & Management Inc. Increases Position in AECOM (ACM)
Lathrop Investment Management Corp Has $14,242,000 Position in Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR)
Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Shares Bought by Waverton Investment Management Ltd
The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX) Position Maintained by Walnut Private Equity Partners LLC
Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Stake Decreased by Shamrock Asset Management LLC
Neville Rodie & Shaw Inc. Has $219,000 Position in Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (NYSE:FCX)
Brixmor Property Group Inc. (BRX) Shares Bought by Ranger Global Real Estate Advisors LLC
Ranger Global Real Estate Advisors LLC Sells 162,758 Shares of Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. (PK)
Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Buys New Stake in Quintiles Transitional Holdings Inc. (Q)
MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages
KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Upgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub
Main Street Capital Corporation (MAIN) Stake Boosted by Capital Investment Advisors LLC
Private Trust Co. NA Sells 6,440 Shares of ConAgra Foods Inc. (CAG)
Capstone Asset Management Co. Sells 3,018 Shares of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (DPS)







Lathrop Investment Management Corp Has $14,242,000 Position in Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR)


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments




Lathrop Investment Management Corp maintained its stake in shares of  Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR) during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 160,075 shares of the bank’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Cullen/Frost Bankers comprises about  4.1% of Lathrop Investment Management Corp’s portfolio, making the stock its 6th largest position. Lathrop Investment Management Corp owned about 0.25% of Cullen/Frost Bankers worth $14,242,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of CFR. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of  Cullen/Frost Bankers by 3.0% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 524,539 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $46,277,000 after buying an additional 15,135 shares during the last quarter.  Janus Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Cullen/Frost Bankers during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,447,000.  Tudor Investment Corp Et Al purchased a new position in  Cullen/Frost Bankers during the fourth quarter valued at about $344,000.  AQR Capital Management LLC raised its position in  Cullen/Frost Bankers by 111.8% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 25,477 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $2,247,000 after buying an additional 13,447 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. raised its position in  Cullen/Frost Bankers by 27.7% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 3,255 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $278,000 after buying an additional 707 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  81.19% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. alerts:



Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR) traded up 0.19% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $95.42. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 114,323 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $6.10 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.42 and a beta of 1.33. Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. has a 12 month low of $65.07 and a 12 month high of $99.20. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $94.81 and its 200-day moving average price is $91.53. 





Cullen/Frost Bankers (NYSE:CFR) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The bank reported $1.28 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.22 by $0.06. The company had revenue of $292.21 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $319.56 million. Cullen/Frost Bankers had a net margin of 27.98% and a return on equity of 10.84%. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $1.07 EPS.  Analysts predict that  Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. will post $5.31 EPS for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was  published by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/21/lathrop-investment-management-corp-has-14242000-position-in-cullenfrost-bankers-inc-cfr-updated.html. 
A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on the company. Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $95.00 price target on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised Cullen/Frost Bankers from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $107.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Friday, July 7th. Morgan Stanley  reiterated an “equal weight” rating and issued a $93.00 price objective (up previously from $90.00) on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers in a report on Thursday, July 6th. BidaskClub upgraded Cullen/Frost Bankers from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 5th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc.  restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers in a research note on Tuesday, July 4th. Twelve analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. Cullen/Frost Bankers presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $94.30.
In other news, Director Graham M. Weston bought 22,081 shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $90.56 per share, with a total value of $1,999,655.36. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own  5.15% of the company’s stock. 
About Cullen/Frost Bankers
Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc is a financial holding company and a bank holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides a range of products and services throughout Texas markets. The Company’s segments include Banking, Frost Wealth Advisors and Non-Banks. The Banking segment includes both commercial and consumer banking services, and Frost Insurance Agency.







Receive News & Ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































﻿






























Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Position Held by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Illinois Tool Works Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Illinois Tool Works Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Ally Financial Inc. (ALLY) Cut to “Hold” at BidaskClub
Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for United States Steel Corporation Increased by Analyst (X)
Michael Welles Sells 2,300 Shares of Forrester Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:FORR) Stock
Commerzbank Ag Analysts Give Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA:FRA) a €75.00 Price Target
Hypoport AG (HYQ) Given a €114.00 Price Target at equinet AG
Berenberg Bank Reiterates €88.00 Price Target for Sartorius AG (Preference) (FRA:SRT3)
Instinet Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Domino’s Pizza Inc (DPZ)
Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. Has $11.51 Million Stake in Philip Morris International Inc (PM)
Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Position Held by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan
Danaher Corporation (NYSE:DHR) Position Reduced by Citizens & Northern Corp
Suntrust Banks Inc. Purchases 24,090 Shares of Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT)
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Has $293,000 Position in Akorn, Inc. (AKRX)
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Boosts Stake in Phillips 66 (PSX)
5,775 Shares in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Acquired by Baltimore Capital Management Inc.
Premaitha Health PLC (NIPT) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap
Evolution Petroleum Corp (NYSE:EPM) Shares Sold by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Dialog Semiconductor PLC (ETR:DLG) PT Set at €56.00 by Royal Bank Of Canada
BidaskClub Upgrades Mechel PAO (MTL) to Hold
Axis Capital Holdings Limited’s (AXS) Equal Weight Rating Reaffirmed at Morgan Stanley
Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ) Receives “Buy” Rating from UBS AG







Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Position Held by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan maintained its stake in  Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 25,790 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan’s holdings in Illinois Tool Works were worth $3,417,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Quadrature Capital Ltd acquired a new stake in  Illinois Tool Works during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,027,000.  Perigon Wealth Management LLC increased its stake in  Illinois Tool Works by 20.3% in the fourth quarter. Perigon Wealth Management LLC now owns 1,481 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $199,000 after buying an additional 250 shares during the period.  HighPoint Advisor Group LLC increased its stake in  Illinois Tool Works by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC now owns 8,947 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,207,000 after buying an additional 33 shares during the period.  Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in  Illinois Tool Works by 4.5% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 905,590 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $110,899,000 after buying an additional 39,223 shares during the period.  Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems acquired a new stake in  Illinois Tool Works during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,807,000. 75.51% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Illinois Tool Works Inc. alerts:



Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) opened at 147.29 on Monday. The company has a market capitalization of $50.88 billion, a PE ratio of 24.74 and a beta of 1.12. The company has a 50 day moving average of $145.53 and a 200 day moving average of $135.52. Illinois Tool Works Inc. has a 52-week low of $111.50 and a 52-week high of $150.29. 





Illinois Tool Works (NYSE:ITW) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The industrial products company reported $1.54 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.45 by $0.09. Illinois Tool Works had a return on equity of 45.02% and a net margin of 15.24%. The company had revenue of $3.47 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.40 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.29 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 6.0% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts forecast that  Illinois Tool Works Inc. will post $6.38 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 12th. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th were issued a $0.65 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $2.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.77%. Illinois Tool Works’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 43.70%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/illinois-tool-works-inc-itw-position-held-by-municipal-employees-retirement-system-of-michigan.html. 
ITW has been the topic of several recent research reports. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded shares of Illinois Tool Works from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $135.00 to $140.00 in a report on Monday, March 27th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Illinois Tool Works from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $148.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $155.00 price target (up from $145.00) on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Credit Suisse Group  set a $135.00 price target on Illinois Tool Works and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, Barclays PLC upped their price target on Illinois Tool Works from $123.00 to $130.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued  a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $148.69.
In related news, Vice Chairman Christopher A. O’herlihy sold 36,467 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $144.00, for a total value of $5,251,248.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 55,878 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,046,432. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider John R. Hartnett sold 11,750 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $144.96, for a total value of $1,703,280.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 23,839 shares in the company, valued at $3,455,701.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 215,850 shares of company stock worth $30,245,971. 0.90% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
About Illinois Tool Works
Illinois Tool Works Inc is a manufacturer of industrial products and equipment. The Company operates through seven segments. The Automotive OEM segment produces components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. The Food Equipment segment offers commercial food equipment. The Test & Measurement and Electronics segment produces test and measurement, and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) solutions.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ITW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW).







Receive News & Ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 






















































 













Lathrop Investment Management Corp Buys Waste Connections Inc, Sells Dell Technologies Inc, ... - Nasdaq.com











































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Lathrop Investment Management Corp Buys Waste Connections Inc, Sells Dell Technologies Inc, ...


January 12, 2017, 05:38:01 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Lathrop Investment Management CorpNew Purchases: WCN ,Added Positions: WMT , NWL , CVS, DIS, TGT, SLB, TMO, NXPI, CSCO, QCOM,Reduced Positions:DVMT, CVG, ADNT, TGI, RYH, SM, KMB, JBHT, BAC, RF,For the details of LATHROP INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT CORP's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=LATHROP+INVESTMENT+MANAGEMENT+CORPThese are the top 5 holdings of LATHROP INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT CORPElectronic Arts Inc ( EA ) - 204,472 shares, 5.28% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.20%Acuity Brands Inc ( AYI ) - 66,478 shares, 5.03% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.13%Microsoft Corp ( MSFT ) - 243,755 shares, 4.96% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.24%Jacobs Engineering Group Inc ( JEC ) - 261,347 shares, 4.88% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.36%Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc ( CFR ) - 164,901 shares, 4.77% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.87%New Purchase: Waste Connections Inc (WCN)Lathrop Investment Management Corp initiated holdings in Waste Connections Inc. The purchase prices were between $72.1 and $79.11, with an estimated average price of $75.78. The stock is now traded at around $79.95. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 2,600 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: Dell Technologies Inc (DVMT)Lathrop Investment Management Corp reduced to the holdings in Dell Technologies Inc by 70.72%. The sale prices were between $46.72 and $57.29, with an estimated average price of $51.07. The stock is now traded at around $57.64. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.42%. Lathrop Investment Management Corp still held 11,965 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: Adient PLC (ADNT)Lathrop Investment Management Corp reduced to the holdings in Adient PLC by 63.65%. The sale prices were between $44.2 and $58.6, with an estimated average price of $51.92. The stock is now traded at around $60.08. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.24%. Lathrop Investment Management Corp still held 8,339 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight Healthcare (RYH)Lathrop Investment Management Corp reduced to the holdings in Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight Healthcare by 34.04%. The sale prices were between $141 and $155.61, with an estimated average price of $148.11. The stock is now traded at around $150.89. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.05%. Lathrop Investment Management Corp still held 2,000 shares as of 2016-12-31.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Sign with WCN. Click here to check it out.WCN 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of WCNPeter Lynch Chart of WCNPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        EA
                                    
, 

                                        AYI
                                    
, 

                                        MSFT
                                    
, 

                                        JEC
                                    
, 

                                        CFR
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Why Yamana Gold Inc. Shareholders Have Something to Worry About


						7/24/2017 03:06 PM
					



Why IBM Shareholders Have Something to Worry About


						7/24/2017 03:06 PM
					



The Market Saw Weakness in Tile Shop's Earnings But May Have Missed Something Important


						7/24/2017 02:46 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize
Iraq plans to sell us dollar bond deal in coming weeks - sources
Petro River Makes Oil Discovery in Kern County, California







Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize ...
Chipotle: The Bull Case For Queso
Lockheed Martin Invests in contextere to Transform the Future of Work...
PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening...




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





EA








83%



Rate It





AYI








67%



Rate It





MSFT








84%



Rate It





JEC








75%



Rate It





CFR








0%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





















































 






Lathrop Investment Management Corp - Investment Advisor - Little Rock, Arkansas







 








 






  ywtcubzebubryvfyuccacqavctefxrxzcxcz






					Financial Advisors				

					Online Brokers				



				More 





 Search






							Investment Advisors							×














 
















Menu


See All Investment Advisors
OverviewFirm RegistrationAssets and AccountsClient TypesActivities and FeesEmployeesDisclosuresContact 








					Lathrop Investment Management Corp				


OverviewFirm RegistrationAssets and AccountsMoreClient TypesActivities and FeesEmployeesDisclosuresContact 








Lathrop Investment Management Corp



Overview




Firm Registration




Assets and Accounts




Client Types




Activities and Fees




Employees




Disclosures




Contact




References










 See all Investment Advisors				

 Guide				




Share



















Lathrop Investment Management Corp Little Rock, Arkansas

 






total assets under management$567M United States Dollarstotal number of employees5total number of accounts668average account balance$848,249 United States Dollars 

 

Claim This Listing 5-Star Rated Advisors 












Advertisement


ShareOverviewLathrop Investment Management Corp is a registered investment advisory firm located in Little Rock, Arkansas. The firm manages 668 accounts totaling an estimated $566,630,116 USD in assets under management. Its operations include 5 employees and is categorized as providing investment advisory services to 150 clients. Many more details can be found below. You can also click here to see a list of all 53 investment advisors located in Little Rock, Arkansas.
Firm data current as of May 15, 2017

 





Advertisement


ShareFirm RegistrationRegistration Details

Firm CRD #:108327Primary Business Name:Lathrop Investment Management Corp


Organization Type:Corporation


Regulator:SEC
Looking for a specific type of Investment Advisor? Check out the Investment Advisors homepage where you can apply custom filters to search through our database of 38,476 Registered Investment Advisors. For example, click the button below to view all advisors in Arkansas, or set the filter for a specific city.See all Investment Advisors  in Arkansas  >>State Registrations MapDates and StatusMoreState Registrations Map



Dates and Status

State RegulatorRegistration DateStatusIDUnique IdArkansasJune 19, 1981Notice FiledCaliforniaOctober 7, 2016Notice FiledLouisianaMarch 18, 2016Notice FiledNew HampshireMarch 25, 2015Notice FiledTexasNovember 14, 1989Notice Filed

 





Advertisement


ShareAssets and AccountsCurrent Assets & AccountsAssets under management (AUM) is the primary metric used to compare one investment advisory firm to another. With an impressive $566,630,116 USD in AUM, Lathrop Investment Management Corp is still considered a medium size firm, with assets below the esteemed one billion level. Click here to view a list of other similar-sized firms with AUM above $500 Million.discretionary assets under management$407,985,494 United States Dollarsnon-discretionary assets under management$158,644,622 United States Dollarstotal assets under management$567M United States Dollarsdiscretionary accounts663non-discretionary accounts5total number of accounts668Visit the Investment Advisors homepage to sort and filter firms based on assets under management >>Historical Assets & Accounts

Historical data is made available by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and is posted monthly on the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) section of the SEC's website. The following graphs illustrate the 89 months of historical data available for this firm.

Total AUMBreakdownMoreTotal AUM

SEC Report DateTotal Assets Under Management (AUM)IDFirm CRD #May 1, 2017$567M United States DollarsApril 3, 2017$567M United States DollarsAugust 1, 2016$515M United States DollarsApril 1, 2016$515M United States DollarsMay 2, 2016$515M United States DollarsJune 1, 2016$515M United States DollarsJuly 1, 2016$515M United States DollarsSeptember 1, 2016$515M United States DollarsOctober 3, 2016$515M United States DollarsNovember 1, 2016$515M United States DollarsDecember 1, 2016$515M United States DollarsJanuary 3, 2017$515M United States DollarsFebruary 1, 2017$515M United States DollarsMarch 1, 2017$515M United States DollarsAugust 3, 2015$478M United States Dollars

Breakdown

SEC Report DateDiscretionary AUMNon-discretionary AUMIDFirm CRD #May 1, 2017$408M United States Dollars$159M United States DollarsApril 3, 2017$408M United States Dollars$159M United States DollarsAugust 1, 2016$369M United States Dollars$147M United States DollarsApril 1, 2016$369M United States Dollars$147M United States DollarsMay 2, 2016$369M United States Dollars$147M United States DollarsJune 1, 2016$369M United States Dollars$147M United States DollarsJuly 1, 2016$369M United States Dollars$147M United States DollarsSeptember 1, 2016$369M United States Dollars$147M United States DollarsOctober 3, 2016$369M United States Dollars$147M United States DollarsNovember 1, 2016$369M United States Dollars$147M United States DollarsDecember 1, 2016$369M United States Dollars$147M United States DollarsJanuary 3, 2017$369M United States Dollars$147M United States DollarsFebruary 1, 2017$369M United States Dollars$147M United States DollarsMarch 1, 2017$369M United States Dollars$147M United States DollarsAugust 3, 2015$330M United States Dollars$148M United States Dollars

AccountsBreakdownMoreAccounts

SEC Report DateTotal Number of AccountsIDFirm CRD #May 1, 2017668April 3, 2017668August 1, 2016656April 1, 2016656May 2, 2016656June 1, 2016656July 1, 2016656September 1, 2016656October 3, 2016656November 1, 2016656December 1, 2016656January 3, 2017656February 1, 2017656March 1, 2017656August 3, 2015589

Breakdown

SEC Report DateDiscretionary AccountsNon-discretionary AccountsIDFirm CRD #May 1, 20176635April 3, 20176635August 1, 20166515April 1, 20166515May 2, 20166515June 1, 20166515July 1, 20166515September 1, 20166515October 3, 20166515November 1, 20166515December 1, 20166515January 3, 20176515February 1, 20176515March 1, 20176515August 3, 20155845

 

 


Credio is a finance site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from finance data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareClient TypesTypes of Clients Served



IndividualsHigh Net Worth IndividualsPension and Profit Sharing PlansCharitiesCorporations or Other BusinessesOther Client TypeFirm CRD #IDIA Firm Name38 percent63 percent18 percent5.5 percent5.5 percent5.5 percent108327







Assets Attributed to Each Client Type

IndividualsHigh Net Worth IndividualsPension and Profit Sharing PlansCharitiesCorporations or Other BusinessesOther Client TypeCompany NameIDIA Firm Name13 percentywtcubzebubryvfyuccacqavctefxrxzcxcz38 percent38 percent13 percent13 percent13 percentLathrop Investment Management Corp


The SEC Form ADV organizes client types into 13 categories. Lathrop Investment Management Corp reports working with 6 of these 13 client types, including the 'other' category which they define as "Employees". The firm reports serving a total of 150 clients and does not have any financial planning clients.Select Investment Advisors by  types of clients  >> 





Advertisement


ShareActivities and FeesAreas of BusinessAdvisory Activities and Services:Individuals or Small BusinessesPortfolio Management for Businesses or Institutional ClientsSelection of Other AdvisorsSecurity PortfoliosOther Advisory Services: NoCompensationAdvisory Fees:Percentage of assetsFixed feesOther Fee Types: NoClick here to select Investment Advisors based on types of fees charged >> 

 







ShareEmployeesBy Categorytotal number of employees5investment adviser representatives0licensed insurance agents0broker-dealer registered reps0Representatives at Lathrop Investment Management Corp

NameYears LicensedFinancial Exams PassedTotal DisclosuresIDAndrew Lagrone30 yearsSeries 16 (FINRA), Series 24 (FINRA), Series 27 (FINRA), Series 63 (NASAA), Series 65 - (NASAA), Series 7 (FINRA)0James Havens16 yearsSeries 65 - (NASAA)0Gregory Lathrop0


The largest firm in our database has 39,343 employees. Other firms report having no employees at all. On the Investment Advisors homepage you can sort and filter firms by number of employees, or select other advanced criteria.Select Investment Advisors by  number of employees  >> 





Advertisement


ShareDisclosuresPublic Disclosure Statements as Reported on Form ADVThe SEC keeps track of disclosures for the 24 categories listed below. With zero reported disclosures, Lathrop Investment Management Corp has a perfect record. On the research topic home page you can view a pre-sorted list of all investment advisory firms with zero disclosures.Regulatory Criminal False Statements or Omissions to SEC or CFTCNoneFelony ChargesNoneSEC or CFTC ViolationsNoneFelony ConvictionsNoneBusiness Suspensions, Restrictions, or RevocationsNoneMisdemeanor ChargesNoneSEC or CFTC Entered an Order Against AdvisorNoneMisdemeanor ConvictionsNoneCivil Money Penalty or Cease and Desist OrdersNone  False Statements or Omissions to Other RegulatorNoneCivil Violations of Regulations or StatutesNoneEnjoinments with Domestic or Foreign CourtsNoneRestrictions or Denials of BusinessNoneViolations of Investment-Related StatutesNoneRegulator Entered Orders Against AdvisorNoneCivil Action Dismissed by a Settlement AgreementNoneDenials or Suspensions of RegistrationNoneSubject to Any Civil ProceedingNoneFalse Statements or Omissions to Self-Reg. OrgNone  Violation of Regulatory RulesNoneOther Associated with Any Business SuspensionsNoneAny Professional Authorization RevokedNoneMembership Suspensions or ExpulsionsNoneSubject to Any Regulatory ProceedingNone


View a complete list of all Investment Advisory Firms in our database >> ShareContact InfoPrincipal Office

Main Office Phone
(501) 227-4930


Main Office Fax
501-227-7630


Main Office Address
10 Corporate Hill DriveSuite 225Little Rock,  Arkansas 72205United States


Location
West Markham


Website
limc.com 
Still searching for the right advisor? Try the Investment Advisors homepage, where you can sort and filter 40,118 Registered Investment Advisors by fee type, advisory services, location and more. You can click the button below to view all Advisors in Little Rock, or set the filter for more advanced specific criteria.See all Investment Advisors  in Little Rock  >>  


×






References




Sources: SEC and FINRA. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 

