Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  It's okay to be afraid, because you can't be brave or courageous without fear. Dave Chappelle, Comedian    














Estee Lauder | Beauty Products, Skin Care & Makeup















































Menu













Join Estée E-List Loyalty
  pts




Sign In

Hi {{ first_name }}! Sign In
Sign Out
Not You?







My Bag






































Most Popular Searches: 
Advanced Night Repair Double Wear Modern Muse Moisturizer Serum 






 


 

















Free. Full-Size.




BE THE ENVY
For a limited time, receive a 
Free, Full-Size Pure Color Envy
Lip Potion with $50 purchase*
Offer Code: POTION


SHOP NOW























MAGNIFY THEBEAUTY OFYOUR EYES





NEW ADVANCED NIGHT REPAIR
EYE CONCENTRATE MATRIX
REPAIRS. FORTIFIES. HYDRATES.



SHOP NOW


EXPLORE MORE























Real-Skin
Flawless.
Real
Protection.





NEW DOUBLE WEAR NUDE
WATER FRESH MAKEUP SPF 30
LIGHTWEIGHT. 24-HOUR WEAR.
SPF 30 / ANTI-POLLUTION.
IN SHADES FOR ALL SKINTONES.

EXPLORE MORE


SHOP NOW























Key toYouth




REVITALIZING SUPREME +
CREME AND NEW EYE BALM
FOR FIRMER, SMOOTHER,
MORE RADIANT-LOOKING SKIN.


Explore More



SHOP NOW



























Beauty In Motion
Yoga guru Hilaria Baldwin demonstrates a series of poses  
that can help you feel better from the inside out.


READ NOW


























3 Minute Beauty

Fatigue Fighter




Look energized, wide-awake 
with our #1 technique for eyes.


Learn How



















 


 
 




Top












 








Estee Lauder Sells Jane Cosmetics Line




























































                                Home              
            




                                About Us              
            







                                Company              
            




                                Team              
            








                                Services              
            







                                Mergers, Acquisitions & Divestitures              
            




                                Private Placement, Debt & PIPE Financings              
            




                                Strategic Advisory Services              
            




                                Financial Restructuring              
            




                                Valuation Services & Fairness Opinions              
            




                                Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOPs)              
            








                                Transactions              
            







                                By Industry              
            







                                Branded Consumer Products              
            




                                Direct to Consumer: Specialty Retailing & E-Commerce              
            




                                Life Sciences & Health Services              
            




                                Media, Entertainment & Technology              
            




                                Services, Energy & Industrial              
            








                                By Assignment              
            







                                Mergers, Acquisitions & Divestitures              
            




                                Private Placement, Debt & PIPE Financings              
            




                                Strategic Advisory Services              
            




                                Financial Restructuring              
            




                                Valuation Services & Fairness Opinions              
            








                                Recent Transactions              
            








                                Industries              
            







                                Branded Consumer Products              
            




                                Direct to Consumer: Specialty Retailing & E-Commerce              
            




                                Life Sciences & Health Services              
            




                                Media, Entertainment & Technology              
            




                                Services, Energy & Industrial              
            








                                News              
            




                                Contact Us              
            

 


























					Value Oriented				










					Strategic Focus				










					Integrity				










					World Class Relationships				










1
2
3
4





















Transactions 





				March 31, 2017 - Atlantic Street Capital and its portfolio company, Alex Apparel Group, Inc., have acquired Sally Lou Fashions			 



					Atlantic Street Capital and its portfolio company, Alex Apparel Group, Inc., have completed the acquisition of the target company… 

Read More






				June 2, 2016 - Balluun Secures a CHF 40 Million Share Subscription Facility to Expand its Global Footprint			 



					Zurich, Switzerland: Balluun Ltd (“Balluun”), a Swiss based B2B technology company, announced today that it has signed a binding… 

Read More






				April 04, 2017 - Why Millennials and Mid-Market Firms Are a Fashion Match			 



					Our co-CEO, Jack Hendler, discusses Millennials and Retail in an article published by Apparel magazine.
Read More...				

Read More






				May 10, 2017 - Retail’s Private Equity Legacy: Big Debt, Big Problems			 



					Our co-CEO, Jack Hendler, shares his insight on Private Equity activity in the Retail space in an article published… 

Read More








1













NOTEWORTHY 





				May 10, 2017 - Retail’s Private Equity Legacy: Big Debt, Big Problems			 



					Our co-CEO, Jack Hendler, shares his insight on Private Equity activity in the Retail… 

Read More






				April 04, 2017 - Why Millennials and Mid-Market Firms Are a Fashion Match			 



					Our co-CEO, Jack Hendler, discusses Millennials and Retail in an article published by Apparel magazine.… 

Read More






				March 20, 2017 - Our Co-CEO, Jack Hendler, has shared his view on the Garment District			 



					Crain's New York Business Newspapers has interviewd our Co-CEO, Jack Hendler, to voice his… 

Read More






				January 27, 2017 - Lynda Davey to speak at the Series: Equity Crowdfunding event			 



					ANW co-CEO, Lynda Davey, to speak at the Series: Equity Crowdfunding Episode #2: 'Angel… 

Read More








1
2
3






















					Estee Lauder Sells Jane Cosmetics Line					

By Laura Klepacki
(WWD) - The Estee Lauder Companies has ended its six-and-a-half-year experiment with the mass beauty market. As anticipated, the company on Monday said it has sold its Jane Cosmetics teen brand. The new parent is Jane & Company, LLC, a joint venture recently formed between brothers Harry and Alex Adjmi, owners and operators of the apparel company One Step Up, and Lisa Yarnell, a longtime mass market beauty executive whose experience includes stints at L'Oreal, Coty and Renaissance Cosmetics. The purchase price was not disclosed.
Harry Adjmi is chairman and Yarnell is president and chief executive officer. Yarnell will be running the business out of Jane's Baltimore, MD., headquarters, replacing Todd C. First, who had been general manager of Jane under Lauder. Yarnell said Monday that her first order of business would be to meet with retailers "to learn what the concerns and issues are, so we can reinvigorate mass efforts towards it." Jane remains in 2,200 Wal-Mart doors, 250 Target doors and a smattering of drugstores. Yarnell believes it's possible to rebuild Jane's retail sales, which have sunk under $25 million from a high of $50 million a few years ago. "I don't see why Jane can't be a $100 million brand," she declared. Industry observers say Lauder underinvested in Jane, but the brand's sales also were hurt by a flood of competitors into the teen cosmetics market.
Adjmi, who sells private label apparel lines to discounters like Wal-Mart and K-mart, as well as specialty and department stores, said the intention is to broaden the brand base and maybe launch a fragrance and accessories to complement the cosmetics, he said.
A New York showroom is being created for Jane, which Yarnell described as offering, "high-quality products with a fashion sense at a value price."
Lauder surprised the industry when it snapped up Jane in September 1997, taking the prestige vendor into the mass-market segment for the first time. Jane Cosmetics was a darling of mass retailers in the beginning, for it was the first dedicated teen color brand, and it was hoped that it would unlock sales in an expanding market segment. A heartfelt, spirited brand with a bit of sassiness, it was launched in 1994 as an offshoot by the Sassaby Company, a maker of cosmetics boxes. The line awakened other marketers to the swelling ranks of teen consumers and the strength of their buying power.
Up until then, Cover Girl, a general market brand that enjoys a teen following, and Bonnie Bell, a youth brand with an emphasis on flavored lip items, were the brands most directly connecting with young shoppers. The introduction of Jane inspired a flood of teen and tween brands that followed, such as Caboodles and Fira, along with a host of private label youth collections.
From the beginning, Lauder had big visions for Jane. Chairman Leonard Lauder said in 1997 that what drew Lauder to Jane was the company needed a brand with more modest price points to help it break into emerging markets such as China and India. Another intention was to use Jane as a learning vehicle and as a wedge into the $3.5 billion mass color market. When acquired, Lauder initially retained Jane's founding managers Don Pettit and Howard Katkov to guide its growth, but over time, both were quietly eased out of Lauder organization as high-level Lauder management began weighing in on the brand.
"I think we learned that each of the major cosmetics channels, be they direct, mass or prestige, has certain skills and the fact that we are in the cosmetics business doesn't necessarily give us the data bank to compete in every channel, "Daniel Brestle, a group vice president at Estee Lauder, said in an interview Monday. "Jane was a business we looked at to give us exposure to the [mass] channel. I thought it was a great experience for those of us here, but at the end, strategically, it was never going to be as big was what we wanted." Brestle noted that the brand's general manager, Todd First, "had done a terrific job" over the past two years. Brestle said the Jane brand that was sold was a well-run organization with high-quality products. But in the end analysis, he said, Lauder's core competence is in service environments. Said Brestle: "We do that pretty well."





















'The goal is to evolve': Estée Lauder president Jane Hertzmark Hudis on beauty's sea change - Digiday

























































 









































 

Skip to content










Glossy
‘The goal is to evolve’: Estée Lauder president Jane Hertzmark Hudis on beauty’s sea change
 May 1, 2017 by Hilary Milnes 










 

 




On set for an Estée Lauder photoshoot with a 17-year-old Kendall Jenner in 2012, group president Jane Hertzmark Hudis had an “aha” moment. Jenner was, of course, glued to her Instagram, and Hertzmark Hudis took notice.
“At that moment, it was: ‘Wow. Something fundamental is happening,’” said Hertzmark Hudis, who oversees eight Lauder brands: Estée Lauder, La Mer, Bobbi Brown, Aerin, Darphin, Bumble and bumble, Origins and Aveda. “My eyes opened to the whole world of social media at the time, and I started to understand the millennial mindset, and how it’s influencing so much of what’s going on today.”



Jenner didn’t steer her wrong: Beauty has been rocked by the rise of social media. Once an industry defined by big legacy companies, there’s been a decided changing of the guard: Any young brand can be propelled to success by enough passionate voices online.
For Estée Lauder, the past five years have yielded a fundamental shift in how the 71-year-old organization is run. The company, in order to stay competitive, has gobbled up independent brands poised to eat its lunch. A recent series of acquisitions brought Too Faced, Smashbox, Becca Cosmetics, GlamGlow, Rodin, Frédéric Malle, Le Labo and By Killian under the company umbrella.
To Hertzmark Hudis — who was promoted in 2016 from her position as the Estée Lauder (brand) global president, which she had held since 2009 — that mindset applies to beauty brands, no matter what age group they’re targeting. We spoke to her about Estée Lauder’s brand-by-brand playbook, the next social media trend and how to win when every brand is positioned to catch customer attention.
Power in the beauty industry has shifted to the brand level. How does a company like Estée Lauder adapt to this?
Beauty is changing at the speed of light because anybody is able to get into the game. But it’s a moment where the consumer — not the brand — is at the heart of the conversation. Whether you’re an indie brand or an established brand, it’s not a zero-sum game anymore. Anyone can win.
To adapt, you put the customer at the center. You have to bring people into the brand in a two-way conversation. Beauty is participative, it’s visual, and we hear from our customers every day. It used to be: You put together one strategy in the fall then changed it for spring. Now you might do something at 9 a.m., and by 2 p.m., you’re talking about something completely different, because everything happens in real time. The fact of the situation is: Whether you’re an indie brand or not, whether your customer is a millennial or not, you better be on your game. We have some of our most forward thinkers working on our heritage brands because the goal is to evolve.




 


Digiday Retail Summit
July 26 - 28, 2017

					Napa, CA				
Register Now





 


Trimming the fat: Streaming skinny bundles are all the rage, but for how long?


																														by Sahil Patel 


								Join Digiday+ for access							




How did beauty get to this state of immediacy? Did you have an eye-opening moment where you realized the industry had changed?
I learned a lot from Kendall Jenner. We were on set for an Estée Lauder shoot, and I was watching her on her phone, on Instagram, on social media — and I wanted to reflect our brand through her lens. That meant moving outside of our comfort zone and letting go of control a bit.
Without a doubt, we’ve seen a significant shift in the industry. All of our brands are spending increasing amounts in digital and social. We’re innovating in product development, where products are being thought about in regard to how they’ll look on Instagram and YouTube. What’s happening is that the power is in the hands of the consumer; it was literally a passing of the baton. It’s not about how a brand defines itself today, it’s how an audience defines you in their mind. So, user-generated content and social listening has become so important. Consumers tell our stories now.
Beauty on social media is crowded. How do you cut through the noise?
You deal with the noise by having a distinct product each brand is known for. Rather than focusing on every item a brand sells, we focus on the standout product for that brand and build the rest of the story around it. For Estée Lauder, that’s advanced night repair. At Bobbi Brown, it’s the foundation stick. La Mer, it’s the original face creams. Quite frankly, beauty is about hero products. The notion that you would buy every single one of your products from one brand is not happening. The customer wants the best from every brand.
That’s guided our portfolio strategy, with different brands addressing different expertise and strengths. What a customer wants from Mac, Origins and Bumble and bumble is very different. We’re very strategic about what’s in our portfolio, the global strengths of each brand and each category. What’s exciting now is there’s a fundamental transformation happening across all of our brands, and everyone’s playing a new game, whether you’re with a brand that was here since the beginning or working on a new acquisition.
How do you bring a young brand under Estée Lauder without alienating its early customers?
The beauty of Estée Lauder is that we’re a company of many brands that understands entrepreneurs. We like to give the freedom to those entrepreneurs, but we have the resources and expertise to help them fill their potential.
The key is that we’re very careful about rolling out distribution. We have big consumer reach, but an enormous amount of patience builds brands over time. We want the consumer demand to exceed the supply, so we’re always feeding it over time. What’s exciting about social media is that it connects the entire world, and we can build up demand in a country before we even roll it out. That’s become a big part of our business model.
What do you consider to be the culmination of beauty’s sea change? What comes next?
In terms of digital and social, there will be an influencer bubble. What consumers want is authenticity, and what they’re looking for is the unbiased review. I think there will be a shakeout in terms of how consumers get to the truth, and big, lucrative influencer deals will happen less. Companies are moving toward the micro-influencer, who are making more specific, localized recommendations.
Beyond that, great marketers have their fingers on the pulse of where their consumer is going. I learn more about scrolling through social than I do anywhere else. I believe that skin care is going to be the next makeup, so that’s where I’m focusing my attention. But most importantly, make sure you’re listening to the millennials in your own organization who have a better sense of the touch and feel of what’s happening, so you can stay open-minded and move faster than everyone else.






Related Articles



 
Why Conde Nast, with the help of Anna Wintour, is turning to hackathons to innovate
 July 21, 2017 by Bethany Biron 


 
How Smashbox is using eye-tracking technology to increase sales
 July 20, 2017 by Jessica Schiffer 







 




Brands in Culture


				How Hulu tapped into political turmoil to promote ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’			
 July 21, 2017 by Ilyse Liffreing 




 

 





Brands in Culture


				Finally, someone produces a decent tagline worth writing about			
 July 21, 2017 by Mark Duffy 




 

 





Internal Organization


				The reverse Vice: Why agencies are becoming media companies			
 July 21, 2017 by Shareen Pathak 




 

 





Sponsored


				Nine steps to implementing cross-channel attribution			
 Sponsored by LiveRamp 




 

 





Internal Organization


				Brands eye new ways to foster innovation with agencies			
 July 21, 2017 by Seb Joseph 




 

 





Marketing on Platforms


				‘We’re in an influencer bubble’: A Digiday+ town hall with Ian Schafer			
 July 20, 2017 by Shareen Pathak 




 

 

























Jane Hudis Talks Overseeing Estée Lauder Brands and More


















































































































































Closet
Beauty
Fashion
Wellness
Video
Shopping
Living
 

































ALL
VIDEOS
SHOPPING










Closet
Beauty
Fashion
Wellness
Video
Shopping
Living
About
Press
Awards
Contact
Jobs



Social









Newsletter
SIGN UP NOW 



You did it! Thanks for joining our newsletter list.
Looks like you have already subscribed.
Error, please enter a valid email address



TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

© 2010-2017 The Coveteur Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Coveteur, Coveteurs, and Coveteur'd are trademarks of The Coveteur Inc.





SHARE














  Deskside  







Career



Meet the Brain Behind Your Favorite Beauty Lines
Estée Lauder’s group president Jane Hudis on working with Kendall Jenner and Victoria Beckham, and why millennials are ruling the industry.

By:
Laurel Pantin 

Styling:
Stephanie Mark 

Photography:
Jake Rosenberg 







When we met John Demsey, the executive group president at The Estée Lauder Companies, we left inspired, and dying to know more about what happens behind the scenes at the cosmetics and skin care mega-company. That meeting ultimately led to an interview with Jane Hudis, Demsey’s counterpoint as group president overseeing brands like Estée Lauder, Aerin, La Mer, Origins, Darphin, and Aveda. And surprise, surprise, we left even more moved by the Estée team than before.
Hudis is passionate about her work, to say the least. But that passion comes from a true love of what she’s doing, and of the people she surrounds herself with. She was recently named WWD’s Newsmaker of the Year, and has been working closely with the likes of Kendall Jenner on Estée Edit and Victoria Beckham on her cosmetics line. When she’s not tirelessly traveling the world (the best way to stay familiar with the 150 countries her six brands have a major presence in), she’s conferencing with the younger generation of creatives—“the only people who have a handle on what’s going on.”
Despite being a major, major player in the intersection of business, creativity, and beauty, she’s humble beyond belief, and seemingly in awe of the company as a whole. Having gotten her start at the brand Prescriptives as their marketing manager right out of grad school, she had Leonard Lauder (!) act as her personal mentor. Since then, she’s played a major role in the growth of the company, and has had a hand in helping the brand evolve from “a product-driven company to a media company.” Here, she outlines exactly what drives her and how she stays inspired.
 
... View More... View More... View More 
“The only person who will really give you a good handle on what is going on is someone who is twenty-four years old.”

 
Why she starts work at 7 AM:
“The thing about it is, I’m a morning person! My brain is active, and I’m moving and grooving! I also get the peace and the separation to do the work and to concentrate. All day long I’m with people and in meetings, so this is my time to get my work done. I love my mornings!
“I don’t know what day it is half the time. I don’t know time it is! My days are full—morning ’til night they are chock-full. I haven’t spent a day here looking at my watch like, ‘Ugh, it’s only 2:00.’ It’s not like that! I love the people I work with. They inspire me! I especially love the young people, because they know what is going on.”
 
... View More... View More... View MoreHow she got her start at the company, and was brought into the family fold:
“My first job was marketing manager for Prescriptives. It’s kind of a crazy story—the cut-to-the-chase version of it is that I went to Vassar undergrad and I was an art history major. I was very inspired by all things visual, and it was a great vehicle to learn history and culture and language. Anyway, I worked in PR for three years after that. I went to graduate school at Columbia to get my MBA and when I was in grad school, I did a final project that ended up being in cosmetics. Through that I met someone who did all the advertising for Estée Lauder. At that time we had four brands: Estée Lauder, Clinique, Aramis, and Prescriptives. When I joined, I became the marketing manager for Prescriptives. What I did in the beginning was work a lot on organizing, and getting our products shipped. I rose in Prescriptives to do almost every job there. I was head of marketing. This is when we were a small private company.
“Very early on my mentor was Leonard Lauder. I knew Estée, and Leonard became my mentor. My office was next to William Lauder. I was Jane [Lauder’s] second boss. I’ve worked very closely with Evelyn [Lauder] for years in fragrance. Evelyn introduced me to my husband—when you work here, the Lauder family is very eager to make sure you are happily married.”
 
“The idea that I was committed to was building on our heritage to create a modern future.”
 

... View More... View More... View MoreThe importance of maintaining company culture:
“We are a company that gives back. We are a company that cares. As big as we’ve gotten today, almost 12 billion dollars in revenue and public, there remains a strong family connection. First of all, there are generations of Lauders involved, and it’s been the family mission to keep the culture, the caring, and the values. It’s extraordinary. It makes life far more meaningful than just having a job. I am lucky because I’ve found my passion and my passion was doing this and my passion was being here.”
How social media is turning Estée Lauder into a media company:
“[Social media] has changed everything. The consumer has changed it all. Estée really started with having a real connection with her consumer because she stood in the store and that’s how she got feedback and learned how to do a better job. When you think about it, she went from store to store to store. What would she be like if she had Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter? Next level. It’s totally transformed the way we think. We went from a place as brand marketers where we’re putting stuff out there and letting everyone respond, and maybe doing a focus group three months later to see what everyone thought, to real time interactions, to dialogues, to endless content. I think we are all evolving from being a product-driven company to being a media company—it’s all that content. Content is king—or should I say Queen. In this office it’s Queen.
“[You have to] understand content creation and the way people respond, and it’s all evolving. What you know today is different tomorrow. The only person who will really give you a good handle on what is going on is someone who is twenty-four years old.”
 
... View More... View More... View MoreHow she stays educated about their markets:
“The most important thing we all do is travel like crazy. It may seem very simple but there is no substitute. We are on the road all the time. I am in China multiple times a year. I go to Europe a lot. I travel the United States a lot. There is nothing like it. The way to get the heartbeat of the consumer is to spend time with her in the store to understand what she is doing. To look at social media in a particular country, it is very different. There are a million different things. There might be five main platforms here and there might be twenty-five main ones in China. You need to understand everything about your customer today: how she lives, what she likes, what she consumes, what she reads, what she spends time on, and what she doesn’t spend time on. It is a complete and total understanding.”
How they innovate while staying true to the brand’s identity:
“When I took over the Lauder brand—and I’ve been around long enough to know that people have had different approaches to it over time—but the idea that I was committed to was building on our heritage to create a modern future. This brand has been built over decades, and I understood early on what was rich and important about it. The modernization of the brand has been an evolution building on its greatness and its original founder. It’s caring for others and it’s passion for quality, which the brand is known for all around the world. There are what we call franchises, like Advanced Night Repair, which have become cultlike products that people love all over the world. A product like Double Wear that is loved by a twenty-five-year-old and a seventy-five-year-old. You have to have a great respect for those and say, ‘How do I nurture the great things about this brand and evolve it over time?’ I am incredibly proud of being very sensitive to where that line is and I’m not sure that is something you can teach.
“You have to have respect for your history! Life isn’t just about an Instagram post, it’s about understanding. Great brands have stood the test of time. You have to understand why, and you need to understand what matters and what the values are and really respect that.”
 
... View More... View More... View More 
“You only have one chance—might as well take advantage of it.”

 
What inspires her:
“Great creatives rock my world and great entrepreneurs rock my world. I admire the great architects of the world. I think it’s really cool when people build things that are meant to stand the test of time.
“I am very inspired by entrepreneurs and I can’t not be, having studied Estée Lauder for so long and trying to make her proud every day. I am inspired by Aerin Lauder—she is a great entrepreneur, and following in her grandmother’s footsteps. Katia Beauchamp, who started Birchbox. These are great women who are starting things. Emily Weiss starting Into The Gloss. I do admire Michelle Obama—I think she has been an amazing First Lady. But you know what? I admire Victoria Beckham, and I work very closely with her. She was a rock star reinvented as a fashion designer with four children and this cool husband and I love her clothes! She is incredible! If you meet her and get to know her she is so smart and so caring about women.”
Why it’s crucial for women to support each other:
“[I think] women who really care about women are so interesting! Michelle [Obama] cares about women. Victoria [Beckham] cares about women. They really get into a woman’s mind-set and try to understand and try to make the world a better place. I think that is inspiring. I admire Kendall [Jenner]. I know her extremely well and she is making her own way from her family and paving a new road for herself. She’s an independent thinker and definitely has her finger on the pulse in so many ways. Those are the kinds of people who turn me on. I get so turned on by the younger people at our company who are so brilliant and so great. There is a great woman named Alexandra Hardyment who is running the Aerin beauty business who just has a great take on the world and business, and how it happens, and is inventing it in a way that is happening today. I think those people are really cool. I love sharing my life with them. It’s fantastic. It’s very important to me to be very good to other women and to bring them along and to mentor and to show them a great path to the future.”
 
... View More... View More... View More 
“Great creatives rock my world and great entrepreneurs rock my world.”

 
The best advice she’s ever received:
“The best career advice I ever received was from Leonard Lauder, who said, ‘Always hire people who are smarter than you.’ That’s how it goes. That’s what it’s about. They make it work better and I love that. It’s always been true. He told me that when I was probably twenty-six years old and I didn’t understand what it meant. And now I’ve come to appreciate it and it’s the best advice that anyone could ever give me.
“The advice I give is: Find your passion! No matter what. If you love what you do and you do what you love, life is a beautiful thing. When you spend so much time working, if you don’t like it, change! That idea of experimenting early on and having the courage to change and take risks and try new things is important. I think in addition to that, it’s important that people get out of their comfort zone. You don’t really know your full potential unless you take on something and try on something that is big and different. It’s important to feel uncomfortable when you try new things to move yourself to the next level. When people come to me for advice and say, ‘Well, I don’t know if I’m good at that—’ There is only one way to find out: try. You only have one chance—might as well take advantage of it.”
 
... View More 
Part of the series:

Deskside
VIEW THE SERIES 









 

 

MOST TALKED ABOUT







							We Would Travel Anywhere with Russell Westbrook









							How a Plant-Based Diet Changed This Self-Proclaimed Carnivore









							5 Reasons You Need to Vacation on Koh Samui






 




nextnext 
previous




                Tags:               















×

Wake up to Louboutins with our newsletter.
Sign up Already! 
It's the internet equivalent of a friendship bracelet.



You did it! Thanks for joining our newsletter list.
Looks like you have already subscribed.
Error, please enter a valid email address
































 




























Shop the Look


 



 
 
 

 






















	Notes from... Jane Lauder – The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.



































Notes from... Jane Lauder

We are currently going under maintenance untill 9:00 am EST. For meanwhile please visit us at Facebook and LinkedIn.









        skip to main content
      




























Who We Are


Leadership
Executive LeadershipBoard of Directors
The Lauder Family
The Estée StoryA Family in Business
Global Reach
Global OperationsRetail ExperiencesTravel RetailE-Commerce




Creativity & Innovation
Research & DevelopmentBrand Product DevelopmentPackaging DevelopmentCorporate Innovation
Culture & ValuesKey Moments



At a Glance


Our Brands


AERIN BeautyAramisAvedaBECCABobbi BrownBumble and bumble.CliniqueDarphinDKNY FragrancesDonna Karan Cosmetics



Editions de Parfums Frédéric MalleErmenegildo Zegna ParfumsEstée LauderGLAMGLOWJo Malone LondonKILIANKitonLa MerLab SeriesLe Labo



M·A·CMichael Kors BeautyOriginsRODIN olio lussoSmashboxTom Ford BeautyTommy Hilfiger ToiletriesToo FacedTory Burch Beauty


Our Commitments


Sustainability
Product and Packaging InnovationSustainable SourcingEfficient Operations
Citizenship
Guiding PrinciplesFocus AreasVolunteerism




Employee Well-BeingViewpoints


Talent


Our Business of BeautyWorking Here
CultureInclusion & DiversityLearning & DevelopmentWhy Work Here




Careers
InventCreateCraftAccelerateAmplifyConnect
Apply


News & Media


Newsroom



Media Resources
Executive ProfilesResources & Reports




Contact Us


Investors


Our Business
Letter from Executive ChairmanLetter from President and CEOInvestor Proposition
Earnings & Financials
Quarterly EarningsAnnual ReportsSEC FilingsHistorical Financial InformationProxy Statements
Events & Presentations



Corporate Governance
Governance PrinciplesExecutive OfficersBoard of DirectorsCommittees
Press Releases & NewsStock Information
Stock ChartFundamentalsDividend HistoryAnalyst CoverageOwnership Profile




Investor Resources
Investor ContactsInvestor ToolkitFAQsStockholder ServicesEmail AlertsRSS FeedsFinancial Tear Sheet



Suppliers


Working Together
Partners in InnovationRecognizing Excellence




What We Value
Responsible Sourcing PracticesSupplier Code of Conduct








Who We Are


Leadership
Executive LeadershipBoard of Directors
The Lauder Family
The Estée StoryA Family in Business




Global Reach
Global OperationsRetail ExperiencesTravel RetailE-Commerce
Creativity & Innovation
Research & DevelopmentBrand Product DevelopmentPackaging DevelopmentCorporate Innovation




Culture & ValuesKey Moments



At a Glance


Our Brands


AERIN BeautyAramisAvedaBECCABobbi BrownBumble and bumble.CliniqueDarphin



DKNY FragrancesDonna Karan CosmeticsEditions de Parfums Frédéric MalleErmenegildo Zegna ParfumsEstée LauderGLAMGLOWJo Malone LondonKILIAN



KitonLa MerLab SeriesLe LaboM·A·CMichael Kors BeautyOriginsRODIN olio lusso



SmashboxTom Ford BeautyTommy Hilfiger ToiletriesToo FacedTory Burch Beauty


Our Commitments


Sustainability
Product and Packaging InnovationSustainable SourcingEfficient Operations




Citizenship
Guiding PrinciplesFocus AreasVolunteerism




Employee Well-Being



Viewpoints


Talent


Our Business of Beauty



Working Here
CultureInclusion & DiversityLearning & DevelopmentWhy Work Here




Careers
InventCreateCraftAccelerateAmplifyConnect




Apply


News & Media


Newsroom



Media Resources
Executive ProfilesResources & Reports




Contact Us


Investors


Our Business
Letter from Executive ChairmanLetter from President and CEOInvestor Proposition
Earnings & Financials
Quarterly EarningsAnnual ReportsSEC FilingsHistorical Financial InformationProxy Statements




Events & PresentationsCorporate Governance
Governance PrinciplesExecutive OfficersBoard of DirectorsCommittees




Press Releases & NewsStock Information
Stock ChartFundamentalsDividend HistoryAnalyst CoverageOwnership Profile




Investor Resources
Investor ContactsInvestor ToolkitFAQsStockholder ServicesEmail AlertsRSS FeedsFinancial Tear Sheet



Suppliers


Working Together
Partners in InnovationRecognizing Excellence




What We Value
Responsible Sourcing PracticesSupplier Code of Conduct











      
        Overview	        
      




























Who We Are
LeadershipThe Lauder FamilyGlobal ReachCreativity & InnovationCulture & ValuesKey MomentsAt a Glance
Our Brands
AERIN BeautyAramisAvedaBECCABobbi BrownBumble and bumble.CliniqueDarphinDKNY FragrancesDonna Karan CosmeticsEditions de Parfums Frédéric MalleErmenegildo Zegna ParfumsEstée LauderGLAMGLOWJo Malone LondonKILIANKitonLa MerLab SeriesLe LaboM·A·CMichael Kors BeautyOriginsRODIN olio lussoSmashboxTom Ford BeautyTommy Hilfiger ToiletriesToo FacedTory Burch Beauty
Our Commitments
SustainabilityCitizenshipEmployee Well-BeingViewpoints
Talent
Our Business of BeautyWorking HereCareersApply
News & Media
NewsroomMedia ResourcesContact Us
Investors
Our BusinessEarnings & FinancialsEvents & PresentationsCorporate GovernancePress Releases & NewsStock InformationInvestor Resources
Suppliers
Working TogetherWhat We Value



Contact Us








HomeNews & MediaNewsroomNotes from... Jane Lauder




	
        	Notes from... Jane Lauder
        









Notes from... Jane Lauder
Company Feature, Mar 6, 2017











In celebration of Women’s History Month and International Women’s Day, we are debuting a series of first-person essays featuring female leaders from The Estée Lauder Companies who will share their perspectives on a range of topics primarily relating to women and the workplace.
March 6, 2017 – Growing up in the Lauder family I internalized many values that have served me well in my personal and professional life, including: generosity of spirit, fearless persistence, and the courage to challenge and change.  As we mark International Women’s Day with a focus on “Be Bold for Change,” I want to share a few thoughts that have helped anchor me in a complex world that seems to be moving faster every day.



















My grandmother, Mrs. Estée Lauder, was an incredible woman. She always told me "if you believe in it you can sell it." This has stuck with me whenever I am advocating for something new. To be bold and to create change you need to be convinced in your head and heart that your idea is game changing and will really benefit our consumers and our company.
As the leader of Clinique, I encourage my team to take risks, to push the boundaries of possibility. Embracing opportunities is what drives our business forward. Yet as gratifying as success can be, from my own experience, I know that failures are often more instructive.  Which is why my advice to young people in particular is never be afraid to fail.   















That said, it's important for women to understand that they are not a failure if they can't do it all. So many women today believe that they need to be a super woman. That they should be able to perfectly balance work, family, social life, etc. The truth is that some of the most successful women in business have a solid infrastructure of support. No one can do it all alone. We need to help lift each other up.  













That said, it's important for women to understand that they are not a failure if they can't do it all. So many women today believe that they need to be a super woman. That they should be able to perfectly balance work, family, social life, etc. The truth is that some of the most successful women in business have a solid infrastructure of support. No one can do it all alone. We need to help lift each other up.  














While my grandmother was always striving for perfection, she also knew that women needed to be there for one another, and she helped many achieve success along the way. She used to say: “In many ways women share a common language. No matter what our culture, no matter what our background, we understand each other.” 
Times have changed dramatically since my grandmother blazed trails in the beauty industry. But the wisdom of her words rings just as true today, as the need for all women to share a common language has possibly never been greater. 
Read more about Jane and her nearly two decades in the beauty industry.










You May Also Like









Notes from... Lisa Napolione

                                                              Leading our Global R&D is engineer and scientist Lisa Napolione
                                                            
Read More











Notes from... Tracey Travis

                                                              Our CFO shares her non-traditional career journey
                                                            
Read More











Notes from... Nancy Mahon

                                                              Thoughts on creating a more inclusive and sustainable world now and for the future
                                                            
Read More



















Who We AreOur BrandsOur CommitmentsTalentNews & MediaInvestorsSuppliers




Connect With Us:FacebookInstagramLinkedIn



Contact Us



Privacy Policy
Site Map
Terms and Conditions
Copyright © 2017













Share this article:

            The Estée Lauder Companies' Notes from... Jane Lauder
          


















Video Text Only









Estée Lauder Companies - Wikipedia






















 






Estée Lauder Companies

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: EL
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Cosmetics


Founded
New York City, New York, United States (1946)


Founders
Estée Lauder
Joseph Lauder


Headquarters
General Motors Building
New York City, New York, United States



Key people

William P. Lauder
(Executive Chairman)
Fabrizio Freda
(President and CEO)


Products
Skin care, Makeup, Fragrance and Haircare


Revenue
US$11.26 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

US$1.61 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

US$1.11 billion (2016)[3]


Total assets
US$9.22 billion (2016)[4]


Total equity
US$3.57 billion (2016)[5]



Number of employees

46,000 (June 2016)[6]


Website
elcompanies.com


The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. (/ˈɛsteɪ ˈlɔːdər/) is an American manufacturer and marketer of prestige skincare, makeup, fragrance and hair care products. The company owns a diverse portfolio of brands, distributed internationally through retail channels and digital commerce, and has its headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.



Contents


1 History
2 Operations and finances

2.1 Finances
2.2 Board of Directors
2.3 Executive management


3 Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign (BCA)
4 Brands
5 Controversies

5.1 SOPA
5.2 Child labor


6 Other

6.1 Boycott and anti-boycott
6.2 Animal testing


7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
The company began in 1946 when Estée Lauder and her husband Joseph Lauder began producing cosmetics in New York City. They first carried only four products: Cleansing Oil, Skin Lotion, Super Rich All purpose Creme, and Creme Pack. Two years later, in 1948 they established their first department store account with Saks Fifth Avenue in New York.
Over the next 15 years, they expanded the range and continued to sell their products in the United States. In 1960, the company started its first international account in the London department store Harrods. The following year it opened an office in Hong Kong.
In 1964, they introduced Aramis, a line of fragrance and grooming products for men named after an exotic Turkish root originally used as an aphrodisiac.[7] In 1967, Estée Lauder herself was named one of ten Outstanding Women in Business in the United States by business and financial editors[citation needed]. This was followed by a Spirit of Achievement Award from Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University in 1968. In that year, the company expanded again, opening Clinique Laboratories, Inc. Clinique was the first dermatologist guided (Dr. Norman Orentreich), allergy tested, fragrance-free cosmetic brand created by Estée Lauder.
Estée Lauder's Clinique brand became the first women's cosmetic company to introduce a second line for men when, in 1976, they began a separate line called "Skin Supplies for Men", which continues to be sold at Clinique counters worldwide. In 1981, the company's products became available in the Soviet Union.
In the 1990s, brand acquisitions and licensing agreements contributed to explosive growth as the Company transformed from a family-owned business to a publicly-traded, family-controlled organization. The decade opened with the creation of Origins — the first wellness brand in U.S. department stores. The first licensing agreement for fragrances was with fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger in 1993, followed by Kiton, an Italian fashion house (1995), and with American fashion designer Donna Karan (1997).[8]
Brand acquisitions began with an investment in the Toronto-based M•A•C Cosmetics in 1994, which the company then acquired in 1998. Bobbi Brown Cosmetics, designed by the celebrated makeup artist, was acquired in 1995, as was La Mer – along with the original recipe for its supreme luxury product, Crème de la Mer, containing the nutrient-rich Miracle Broth™. The Company ventured into its first hair care and holistic beauty brand with Aveda in 1997. The renowned fragrance house Jo Malone London was acquired in 1999.[9]
On November 17, 1995, The Estée Lauder Companies went public on the New York Stock Exchange, at $26.00 a share ($13.00 post-split). [10]
The Estée Lauder brand has had sometimes iconic spokesmodels, sometimes referred to simply as 'faces'. Past 'faces' for Estée Lauder include Karen Graham, Bruce Boxleitner, Shaun Casey, Willow Bay, Paulina Porizkova, Elizabeth Hurley, Carolyn Murphy, supermodel Liya Kebede was the first African American 'face' of Estee Lauder, Anja Rubik, and actress Gwyneth Paltrow. As of 2008[update] the main spokesmodel for Estée Lauder was supermodel Hilary Rhoda. In 2010, the company added three more faces to the roster, Chinese model Liu Wen, Puerto Rican model Joan Smalls, and French model Constance Jablonski.[11] In 2015, Estée Lauder signed model and social media sensation Kendall Jenner to introduce a new generation of beauty enthusiasts to the brand. [12]
Acquisitions and licensing continued in the 2000s as The Estée Lauder Companies bought a majority interest in Bumble & bumble, the trendy hair care salon, and completed its acquisition in 2006; an exclusive global licensing agreement was signed with fashion designer Michael Kors (2003). Designer Tom Ford begins a project with the Company and later an agreement was signed with him (2005) to develop and distribute fragrances and cosmetics under the Tom Ford Beauty brand. [13]
On July 1, 2010, the company acquired Smashbox Beauty Cosmetics, Inc., a brand created in Smashbox Studios in Culver City, California, by brothers Dean and Davis Factor (as in Max).[14]




The large Estée Lauder cosmetics counter at MYER Sydney City






Small-medium-sized pre-2013 style counter at New Zealand retailer Farmers


On October 28, 2011, Aramis and Designer Fragrances, a division of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., and Tory Burch LLC announced the signing of a multiyear agreement for the exclusive worldwide license of the Tory Burch fragrance business. This partnership marked Tory Burch's first step into the beauty industry. The first Tory Burch fragrance products were introduced in 2013.[15]
In 2012, the company launched AERIN Beauty, a luxury lifestyle beauty and fragrance brand inspired by the signature style of its founder, Aerin Lauder.
In 2014, the company acquired two insider beauty brands, RODIN olio lusso, a skin care brand renowned for its "Luxury Face Oil," and Le Labo, a fragrance and sensory lifestyle brand. In 2015, the Company acquired Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle, a fragrance brand, and GLAMGLOW, a Hollywood skin care brand.[16]
In 2016, the company acquired Becca Cosmetics, their first color cosmetic group acquisition since Smashbox in 2010.[17] In November 2016, the company made its largest acquisition to date by acquiring California-based cosmetics company Too Faced for USD$1.45 billion.[18]
Operations and finances[edit]
Finances[edit]
For fiscal year 2016, the Estée Lauder Companies achieved net sales of $11.26 billion, a 4% increase compared with $10.78 billion in the prior year. Net earnings for the year were $1.11 billion, a 2% increase compared with $1.09 billion last year, and diluted net earnings per common share rose 5% to $2.96, compared with $2.82 reported in the prior year.[19]
Board of Directors[edit]
Current members of the Board of Directors of Estée Lauder Companies Inc. are: Charlene Barshefsky, Rose Marie Bravo, Lynn Forester de Rothschild, Fabrizio Freda, Paul J. Fribourg, Wei Sun Christianson, Mellody Hobson, Irvine Hockaday, Jane Lauder, Leonard A. Lauder, Ronald S. Lauder, William P. Lauder, Richard Parsons, Barry Sternlicht and Richard F. Zannino. [20]
Executive management[edit]
Leonard A. Lauder is Chairman Emeritus. William P. Lauder is Executive Chairman. Fabrizio Freda is President and Chief Executive Officer.[21]
Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign (BCA)[edit]
In October 1992, the BCA campaign was launched by Evelyn Lauder (Estée's daughter in law) who co-created the "Pink Ribbon" with SELF magazine as a symbol of breast health. Since then, millions of people globally have heard the message about the importance of breast health and early detection can save lives. The Estée Lauder Companies’ annual Breast Cancer Awareness campaign involves all of the 18 brands that make up the Estée Lauder Companies. They collectively represent The Breast Cancer Research Foundation’s first and largest corporate supporter. Estée's daughter-in-law created BCRF's signature pink ribbon.
Over $10 million were raised for the Breast Cancer Research Foundation between 1993 and summer 2003. Another $1 million were raised from their retail partners between July 2002 and summer 2003.[22]
Brands[edit]
The Estée Lauder Companies brands include:[23]



Cosmetics

AERIN
BECCA
Bobbi Brown
Clinique
Darphin
DECIEM[24]
Estée Lauder
GLAMGLOW
La Mer
Lab Series
M∙A∙C
Origins
Prescriptives
Smashbox
Too Faced[25]
Tom Ford Beauty


Fragrance

Aramis
By Kilian[26]
DKNY Fragrances
Donna Karan Cosmetics
Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle
Ermenegildo Zegna Perfumes
Jo Malone London
Kiton
Le Labo
Michael Kors Beauty
RODIN olio lusso[27]
Tommy Hilfiger Toiletries
Tom Ford Beauty
Tory Burch Beauty

Haircare

Aveda
Bumble and Bumble





Controversies[edit]
SOPA[edit]
Estée Lauder Companies appeared on lists of major companies supporting SOPA, the controversial, but unsuccessful, Congressional anti-piracy bill that was considered overreaching by critics.[28][29]
Child labor[edit]
In 2001, it was reported that children were discovered working in a factory in Cambridge, New York making products for Origins, one of Estee Lauder's natural products brands.[citation needed] The company immediately moved to terminate the contract with the manufacturer it had been in business with for 5 years, claiming it was totally unaware prior to the initial inspection.
Other[edit]
Boycott and anti-boycott[edit]
Since at least February 2001, Estée Lauder and its brands have been the target of a boycott campaign. The boycott has been led by pro-Palestinian activists who have targeted the corporation because of the pro-Israel activities of Ronald Lauder.[30][31] In June 2003, the San Francisco-based Queers Undermining Israeli Terrorism (QUIT) took up the boycott with their "Estée Slaughter" campaign.[32] The boycott has generated an anti-boycott campaign by supporters of Israel.[33]
Animal testing[edit]
The Estée Lauder Companies performs non-animal and human volunteer testing to assess product safety and efficacy. The Estée Lauder Companies does perform animal testing where required by law. The Chinese government requires testing on animals for many cosmetic products.[34] This causes controversy for smaller brands that are "cruelty free" but were bought out by Estée Lauder. Estée Lauder becomes the parent company of the smaller brand and profits through the smaller brand. Customers are concerned that by continuing to purchase from these previously cruelty free brands that they may contributing to animal testing via parent companies.
References[edit]


^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://otp.tools.investis.com/clients/us/estee_lauder1/SEC/sec-show.aspx?FilingId=11561623&Cik=0001001250&Type=PDF&hasPdf=1
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments#1964-aramis
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ "The New Faces of Beauty: Of the Minute". models.com. Retrieved 2010-04-16. 
^ http://fashionista.com/2014/11/kendall-jenner-estee-lauder
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ "ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES - Investor Relations - News Release". Investors.elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES - Investor Relations - News Release". Investors.elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Fact Sheet FY 2014". Elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ https://www.elcompanies.com/news-and-media/newsroom/company-features/2016/welcoming-becca-to-the-estee-lauder-companies
^ "Did Too Faced Founders Cash Out Too Early? Sale To Estee Lauder Suggests Yes". Forbes.com. 2016-11-15. Retrieved 2017-02-15. 
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/~/media/Files/E/Estee-Lauder/investors/toolkit/4qtr16.pdf
^ "ESTEE LAUDER COMPANIES-CL A (EL:New York): Board of Directors - Businessweek". Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Our Leaders". Elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Summer 2003 BCRF newsletter: Estée Lauder Companies Update". Web. April 4, 2005. Archived from the original on April 4, 2005. Retrieved May 22, 2011. 
^ "Our Brands". Elcompanies.com. 2011-03-22. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "The Estée Lauder Companies Invests in DECIEM, the Abnormal Beauty Company". Estée Lauder Companies. 15 June 2017. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ "Why Estee Lauder Is Buying This Cosmetics Brand for $1.45 Billion". Fortune. 15 November 2016. Retrieved 15 November 2016. 
^ http://elcompanies.com/Pages/PressReleaseStory.aspx?ReleaseId=1855
^ "The Estée Lauder Companies Acquires RODIN olio lusso". Elcompanies.com. 2014-10-31. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "All the Companies Supporting SOPA, the Awful Internet Censorship Law—and How to Contact Them". Gizmodo.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "List of Supporters: H.R. 3261, the Stop Online Piracy Act" (PDF). Judiciary.house.gov. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Boycott Israel Campaign". Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "American Muslims for Jerusalem have called for a boycott of Estee Lauder products". Snopes. Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "Queers Undermining Israeli Terrorism". Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "Armchair Activist: Buy Estee Lauder Products". May 11, 2001. Archived from the original on June 7, 2002. Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ [1]


External links[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



Estée Lauder Companies Inc. website
Instagram
LinkedIn

Coordinates: 40°45′49″N 73°58′22″W﻿ / ﻿40.76361°N 73.97278°W﻿ / 40.76361; -73.97278






v
t
e


Estée Lauder Companies



Lauder family



Estée Lauder Founder
William P. Lauder Executive Chairman
Leonard Lauder Chairman Emeritus
Aerin Lauder Creative Director
Jane Lauder Global President





People



Fabrizio Freda President and CEO
John Dempsey Group President





Brands



AERIN
Bobbi Brown
Clinique
Darphin
Estée Lauder
GoodSkin Labs
GLAMGLOW
Jo Malone London
La Mer
LAB Series
MAC Cosmetics
Prescriptives
Origins
Osiao
Smashbox





Fragrance



Aramis
Coach
Donna Karan
Ermenegildo Zegna
Kiton
Marni
Michael Kors
Le Labo
RODIN olio lusso
Tom Ford
Tommy Hilfiger
Tory Burch





Haircare



Aveda
Bumble and bumble
Ojon








 Categories
Estée Lauder Companies
Lauder family












v
t
e


Cosmetics



Face



Anti-aging cream
BB cream
Botulinum toxin (Botox)
Concealer
Cleanser
Facial
Facial toning
Foundation
Moisturizer
Permanent makeup
Primer
Powder
Rouge
Skin whitening
Toner
Veil
Venetian ceruse





Lips



Lipstick
Gloss
Liner
Plumper
Stain
Balm





Eyes



Blepharoplasty
Circle contact lens
Eyelash extensions
Eyelid glue
Eye liner
Eye shadow
Kohl
Mascara





Hair



Conditioner
Hair coloring and bleaching
Removal

chemical
electric
laser
IPL
plucking
shaving
threading
waxing


Shampoo
Styling
Styling products

gel
mousse
pomade
spray
wax







Nails



Artificial nails
Buffing
Manicure
Nail polish
Pedicure





Body



Body powder
Cold cream
Lotion
Cosmetic surgery
Peeling
Skin whitening





Related topics



Cosmetic electrotherapy
Cosmetic ingredients
Cosmetics advertising
Cosmetology
History of cosmetics










Major cosmetic brands






Ahava
Almay
AmorePacific
Anna Sui
Artistry
Aveda
Avon
Bath & Body Works
Benefit
Biotherm
Bobbi Brown
The Body Shop
Bonne Bell
Brihans Natural Products
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Cargo
Carol's Daughter
Clarins
Clinique
Coty
CoverGirl
Creme 21
Cutex
Daigaku Honyaku Center
Elizabeth Arden
Estée Lauder
Eyes Lips Face
Faberge
Farmec
Hard Candy
Helena Rubinstein
Kao Corporation
Kevyn Aucoin
Kiehl's
La Mer
Lancôme
Laneige
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier Cosmetics
Lise Watier
L'Oréal
L'occitane
Love Cosmetics
Lush
MAC Cosmetics
Mary Kay
Max Factor
Maybelline
Missha
Molton Brown
NARS
Natura
Natural Wonder
Neal's Yard Remedies
Neutrogena
Nexxus
Nivea
O Boticário
OPI
Oriflame
Origins
Paula Begoun
Pond's Creams
Red Earth
Revlon
Richard Hudnut
Rimmel
Sephora
Shiseido
Shu Uemura
SimplySiti
SK-II
SkinCeuticals
Stila
ULTA Beauty
Ultima II
Urban Decay
Vichy
Victoria's Secret
Wella
Yves Rocher











 Categories
Companies
People
History










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Estée_Lauder_Companies&oldid=786046724"					
Categories: Estée Lauder CompaniesCosmetics companies of the United StatesCompanies based in ManhattanHistory of cosmeticsPerfume housesAmerican companies established in 1946Manufacturing companies established in 19461946 establishments in New YorkCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Use mdy dates from May 2011All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2008All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2016Coordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoمصرىNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2017, at 22:58.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Estée Lauder Companies - Wikipedia






















 






Estée Lauder Companies

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: EL
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Cosmetics


Founded
New York City, New York, United States (1946)


Founders
Estée Lauder
Joseph Lauder


Headquarters
General Motors Building
New York City, New York, United States



Key people

William P. Lauder
(Executive Chairman)
Fabrizio Freda
(President and CEO)


Products
Skin care, Makeup, Fragrance and Haircare


Revenue
US$11.26 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

US$1.61 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

US$1.11 billion (2016)[3]


Total assets
US$9.22 billion (2016)[4]


Total equity
US$3.57 billion (2016)[5]



Number of employees

46,000 (June 2016)[6]


Website
elcompanies.com


The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. (/ˈɛsteɪ ˈlɔːdər/) is an American manufacturer and marketer of prestige skincare, makeup, fragrance and hair care products. The company owns a diverse portfolio of brands, distributed internationally through retail channels and digital commerce, and has its headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.



Contents


1 History
2 Operations and finances

2.1 Finances
2.2 Board of Directors
2.3 Executive management


3 Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign (BCA)
4 Brands
5 Controversies

5.1 SOPA
5.2 Child labor


6 Other

6.1 Boycott and anti-boycott
6.2 Animal testing


7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
The company began in 1946 when Estée Lauder and her husband Joseph Lauder began producing cosmetics in New York City. They first carried only four products: Cleansing Oil, Skin Lotion, Super Rich All purpose Creme, and Creme Pack. Two years later, in 1948 they established their first department store account with Saks Fifth Avenue in New York.
Over the next 15 years, they expanded the range and continued to sell their products in the United States. In 1960, the company started its first international account in the London department store Harrods. The following year it opened an office in Hong Kong.
In 1964, they introduced Aramis, a line of fragrance and grooming products for men named after an exotic Turkish root originally used as an aphrodisiac.[7] In 1967, Estée Lauder herself was named one of ten Outstanding Women in Business in the United States by business and financial editors[citation needed]. This was followed by a Spirit of Achievement Award from Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University in 1968. In that year, the company expanded again, opening Clinique Laboratories, Inc. Clinique was the first dermatologist guided (Dr. Norman Orentreich), allergy tested, fragrance-free cosmetic brand created by Estée Lauder.
Estée Lauder's Clinique brand became the first women's cosmetic company to introduce a second line for men when, in 1976, they began a separate line called "Skin Supplies for Men", which continues to be sold at Clinique counters worldwide. In 1981, the company's products became available in the Soviet Union.
In the 1990s, brand acquisitions and licensing agreements contributed to explosive growth as the Company transformed from a family-owned business to a publicly-traded, family-controlled organization. The decade opened with the creation of Origins — the first wellness brand in U.S. department stores. The first licensing agreement for fragrances was with fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger in 1993, followed by Kiton, an Italian fashion house (1995), and with American fashion designer Donna Karan (1997).[8]
Brand acquisitions began with an investment in the Toronto-based M•A•C Cosmetics in 1994, which the company then acquired in 1998. Bobbi Brown Cosmetics, designed by the celebrated makeup artist, was acquired in 1995, as was La Mer – along with the original recipe for its supreme luxury product, Crème de la Mer, containing the nutrient-rich Miracle Broth™. The Company ventured into its first hair care and holistic beauty brand with Aveda in 1997. The renowned fragrance house Jo Malone London was acquired in 1999.[9]
On November 17, 1995, The Estée Lauder Companies went public on the New York Stock Exchange, at $26.00 a share ($13.00 post-split). [10]
The Estée Lauder brand has had sometimes iconic spokesmodels, sometimes referred to simply as 'faces'. Past 'faces' for Estée Lauder include Karen Graham, Bruce Boxleitner, Shaun Casey, Willow Bay, Paulina Porizkova, Elizabeth Hurley, Carolyn Murphy, supermodel Liya Kebede was the first African American 'face' of Estee Lauder, Anja Rubik, and actress Gwyneth Paltrow. As of 2008[update] the main spokesmodel for Estée Lauder was supermodel Hilary Rhoda. In 2010, the company added three more faces to the roster, Chinese model Liu Wen, Puerto Rican model Joan Smalls, and French model Constance Jablonski.[11] In 2015, Estée Lauder signed model and social media sensation Kendall Jenner to introduce a new generation of beauty enthusiasts to the brand. [12]
Acquisitions and licensing continued in the 2000s as The Estée Lauder Companies bought a majority interest in Bumble & bumble, the trendy hair care salon, and completed its acquisition in 2006; an exclusive global licensing agreement was signed with fashion designer Michael Kors (2003). Designer Tom Ford begins a project with the Company and later an agreement was signed with him (2005) to develop and distribute fragrances and cosmetics under the Tom Ford Beauty brand. [13]
On July 1, 2010, the company acquired Smashbox Beauty Cosmetics, Inc., a brand created in Smashbox Studios in Culver City, California, by brothers Dean and Davis Factor (as in Max).[14]




The large Estée Lauder cosmetics counter at MYER Sydney City






Small-medium-sized pre-2013 style counter at New Zealand retailer Farmers


On October 28, 2011, Aramis and Designer Fragrances, a division of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., and Tory Burch LLC announced the signing of a multiyear agreement for the exclusive worldwide license of the Tory Burch fragrance business. This partnership marked Tory Burch's first step into the beauty industry. The first Tory Burch fragrance products were introduced in 2013.[15]
In 2012, the company launched AERIN Beauty, a luxury lifestyle beauty and fragrance brand inspired by the signature style of its founder, Aerin Lauder.
In 2014, the company acquired two insider beauty brands, RODIN olio lusso, a skin care brand renowned for its "Luxury Face Oil," and Le Labo, a fragrance and sensory lifestyle brand. In 2015, the Company acquired Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle, a fragrance brand, and GLAMGLOW, a Hollywood skin care brand.[16]
In 2016, the company acquired Becca Cosmetics, their first color cosmetic group acquisition since Smashbox in 2010.[17] In November 2016, the company made its largest acquisition to date by acquiring California-based cosmetics company Too Faced for USD$1.45 billion.[18]
Operations and finances[edit]
Finances[edit]
For fiscal year 2016, the Estée Lauder Companies achieved net sales of $11.26 billion, a 4% increase compared with $10.78 billion in the prior year. Net earnings for the year were $1.11 billion, a 2% increase compared with $1.09 billion last year, and diluted net earnings per common share rose 5% to $2.96, compared with $2.82 reported in the prior year.[19]
Board of Directors[edit]
Current members of the Board of Directors of Estée Lauder Companies Inc. are: Charlene Barshefsky, Rose Marie Bravo, Lynn Forester de Rothschild, Fabrizio Freda, Paul J. Fribourg, Wei Sun Christianson, Mellody Hobson, Irvine Hockaday, Jane Lauder, Leonard A. Lauder, Ronald S. Lauder, William P. Lauder, Richard Parsons, Barry Sternlicht and Richard F. Zannino. [20]
Executive management[edit]
Leonard A. Lauder is Chairman Emeritus. William P. Lauder is Executive Chairman. Fabrizio Freda is President and Chief Executive Officer.[21]
Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign (BCA)[edit]
In October 1992, the BCA campaign was launched by Evelyn Lauder (Estée's daughter in law) who co-created the "Pink Ribbon" with SELF magazine as a symbol of breast health. Since then, millions of people globally have heard the message about the importance of breast health and early detection can save lives. The Estée Lauder Companies’ annual Breast Cancer Awareness campaign involves all of the 18 brands that make up the Estée Lauder Companies. They collectively represent The Breast Cancer Research Foundation’s first and largest corporate supporter. Estée's daughter-in-law created BCRF's signature pink ribbon.
Over $10 million were raised for the Breast Cancer Research Foundation between 1993 and summer 2003. Another $1 million were raised from their retail partners between July 2002 and summer 2003.[22]
Brands[edit]
The Estée Lauder Companies brands include:[23]



Cosmetics

AERIN
BECCA
Bobbi Brown
Clinique
Darphin
DECIEM[24]
Estée Lauder
GLAMGLOW
La Mer
Lab Series
M∙A∙C
Origins
Prescriptives
Smashbox
Too Faced[25]
Tom Ford Beauty


Fragrance

Aramis
By Kilian[26]
DKNY Fragrances
Donna Karan Cosmetics
Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle
Ermenegildo Zegna Perfumes
Jo Malone London
Kiton
Le Labo
Michael Kors Beauty
RODIN olio lusso[27]
Tommy Hilfiger Toiletries
Tom Ford Beauty
Tory Burch Beauty

Haircare

Aveda
Bumble and Bumble





Controversies[edit]
SOPA[edit]
Estée Lauder Companies appeared on lists of major companies supporting SOPA, the controversial, but unsuccessful, Congressional anti-piracy bill that was considered overreaching by critics.[28][29]
Child labor[edit]
In 2001, it was reported that children were discovered working in a factory in Cambridge, New York making products for Origins, one of Estee Lauder's natural products brands.[citation needed] The company immediately moved to terminate the contract with the manufacturer it had been in business with for 5 years, claiming it was totally unaware prior to the initial inspection.
Other[edit]
Boycott and anti-boycott[edit]
Since at least February 2001, Estée Lauder and its brands have been the target of a boycott campaign. The boycott has been led by pro-Palestinian activists who have targeted the corporation because of the pro-Israel activities of Ronald Lauder.[30][31] In June 2003, the San Francisco-based Queers Undermining Israeli Terrorism (QUIT) took up the boycott with their "Estée Slaughter" campaign.[32] The boycott has generated an anti-boycott campaign by supporters of Israel.[33]
Animal testing[edit]
The Estée Lauder Companies performs non-animal and human volunteer testing to assess product safety and efficacy. The Estée Lauder Companies does perform animal testing where required by law. The Chinese government requires testing on animals for many cosmetic products.[34] This causes controversy for smaller brands that are "cruelty free" but were bought out by Estée Lauder. Estée Lauder becomes the parent company of the smaller brand and profits through the smaller brand. Customers are concerned that by continuing to purchase from these previously cruelty free brands that they may contributing to animal testing via parent companies.
References[edit]


^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://otp.tools.investis.com/clients/us/estee_lauder1/SEC/sec-show.aspx?FilingId=11561623&Cik=0001001250&Type=PDF&hasPdf=1
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments#1964-aramis
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ "The New Faces of Beauty: Of the Minute". models.com. Retrieved 2010-04-16. 
^ http://fashionista.com/2014/11/kendall-jenner-estee-lauder
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ "ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES - Investor Relations - News Release". Investors.elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES - Investor Relations - News Release". Investors.elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Fact Sheet FY 2014". Elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ https://www.elcompanies.com/news-and-media/newsroom/company-features/2016/welcoming-becca-to-the-estee-lauder-companies
^ "Did Too Faced Founders Cash Out Too Early? Sale To Estee Lauder Suggests Yes". Forbes.com. 2016-11-15. Retrieved 2017-02-15. 
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/~/media/Files/E/Estee-Lauder/investors/toolkit/4qtr16.pdf
^ "ESTEE LAUDER COMPANIES-CL A (EL:New York): Board of Directors - Businessweek". Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Our Leaders". Elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Summer 2003 BCRF newsletter: Estée Lauder Companies Update". Web. April 4, 2005. Archived from the original on April 4, 2005. Retrieved May 22, 2011. 
^ "Our Brands". Elcompanies.com. 2011-03-22. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "The Estée Lauder Companies Invests in DECIEM, the Abnormal Beauty Company". Estée Lauder Companies. 15 June 2017. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ "Why Estee Lauder Is Buying This Cosmetics Brand for $1.45 Billion". Fortune. 15 November 2016. Retrieved 15 November 2016. 
^ http://elcompanies.com/Pages/PressReleaseStory.aspx?ReleaseId=1855
^ "The Estée Lauder Companies Acquires RODIN olio lusso". Elcompanies.com. 2014-10-31. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "All the Companies Supporting SOPA, the Awful Internet Censorship Law—and How to Contact Them". Gizmodo.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "List of Supporters: H.R. 3261, the Stop Online Piracy Act" (PDF). Judiciary.house.gov. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Boycott Israel Campaign". Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "American Muslims for Jerusalem have called for a boycott of Estee Lauder products". Snopes. Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "Queers Undermining Israeli Terrorism". Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "Armchair Activist: Buy Estee Lauder Products". May 11, 2001. Archived from the original on June 7, 2002. Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ [1]


External links[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



Estée Lauder Companies Inc. website
Instagram
LinkedIn

Coordinates: 40°45′49″N 73°58′22″W﻿ / ﻿40.76361°N 73.97278°W﻿ / 40.76361; -73.97278






v
t
e


Estée Lauder Companies



Lauder family



Estée Lauder Founder
William P. Lauder Executive Chairman
Leonard Lauder Chairman Emeritus
Aerin Lauder Creative Director
Jane Lauder Global President





People



Fabrizio Freda President and CEO
John Dempsey Group President





Brands



AERIN
Bobbi Brown
Clinique
Darphin
Estée Lauder
GoodSkin Labs
GLAMGLOW
Jo Malone London
La Mer
LAB Series
MAC Cosmetics
Prescriptives
Origins
Osiao
Smashbox





Fragrance



Aramis
Coach
Donna Karan
Ermenegildo Zegna
Kiton
Marni
Michael Kors
Le Labo
RODIN olio lusso
Tom Ford
Tommy Hilfiger
Tory Burch





Haircare



Aveda
Bumble and bumble
Ojon








 Categories
Estée Lauder Companies
Lauder family












v
t
e


Cosmetics



Face



Anti-aging cream
BB cream
Botulinum toxin (Botox)
Concealer
Cleanser
Facial
Facial toning
Foundation
Moisturizer
Permanent makeup
Primer
Powder
Rouge
Skin whitening
Toner
Veil
Venetian ceruse





Lips



Lipstick
Gloss
Liner
Plumper
Stain
Balm





Eyes



Blepharoplasty
Circle contact lens
Eyelash extensions
Eyelid glue
Eye liner
Eye shadow
Kohl
Mascara





Hair



Conditioner
Hair coloring and bleaching
Removal

chemical
electric
laser
IPL
plucking
shaving
threading
waxing


Shampoo
Styling
Styling products

gel
mousse
pomade
spray
wax







Nails



Artificial nails
Buffing
Manicure
Nail polish
Pedicure





Body



Body powder
Cold cream
Lotion
Cosmetic surgery
Peeling
Skin whitening





Related topics



Cosmetic electrotherapy
Cosmetic ingredients
Cosmetics advertising
Cosmetology
History of cosmetics










Major cosmetic brands






Ahava
Almay
AmorePacific
Anna Sui
Artistry
Aveda
Avon
Bath & Body Works
Benefit
Biotherm
Bobbi Brown
The Body Shop
Bonne Bell
Brihans Natural Products
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Cargo
Carol's Daughter
Clarins
Clinique
Coty
CoverGirl
Creme 21
Cutex
Daigaku Honyaku Center
Elizabeth Arden
Estée Lauder
Eyes Lips Face
Faberge
Farmec
Hard Candy
Helena Rubinstein
Kao Corporation
Kevyn Aucoin
Kiehl's
La Mer
Lancôme
Laneige
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier Cosmetics
Lise Watier
L'Oréal
L'occitane
Love Cosmetics
Lush
MAC Cosmetics
Mary Kay
Max Factor
Maybelline
Missha
Molton Brown
NARS
Natura
Natural Wonder
Neal's Yard Remedies
Neutrogena
Nexxus
Nivea
O Boticário
OPI
Oriflame
Origins
Paula Begoun
Pond's Creams
Red Earth
Revlon
Richard Hudnut
Rimmel
Sephora
Shiseido
Shu Uemura
SimplySiti
SK-II
SkinCeuticals
Stila
ULTA Beauty
Ultima II
Urban Decay
Vichy
Victoria's Secret
Wella
Yves Rocher











 Categories
Companies
People
History










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Estée_Lauder_Companies&oldid=786046724"					
Categories: Estée Lauder CompaniesCosmetics companies of the United StatesCompanies based in ManhattanHistory of cosmeticsPerfume housesAmerican companies established in 1946Manufacturing companies established in 19461946 establishments in New YorkCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Use mdy dates from May 2011All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2008All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2016Coordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoمصرىNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2017, at 22:58.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Estée Lauder Companies - Wikipedia






















 






Estée Lauder Companies

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: EL
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Cosmetics


Founded
New York City, New York, United States (1946)


Founders
Estée Lauder
Joseph Lauder


Headquarters
General Motors Building
New York City, New York, United States



Key people

William P. Lauder
(Executive Chairman)
Fabrizio Freda
(President and CEO)


Products
Skin care, Makeup, Fragrance and Haircare


Revenue
US$11.26 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

US$1.61 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

US$1.11 billion (2016)[3]


Total assets
US$9.22 billion (2016)[4]


Total equity
US$3.57 billion (2016)[5]



Number of employees

46,000 (June 2016)[6]


Website
elcompanies.com


The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. (/ˈɛsteɪ ˈlɔːdər/) is an American manufacturer and marketer of prestige skincare, makeup, fragrance and hair care products. The company owns a diverse portfolio of brands, distributed internationally through retail channels and digital commerce, and has its headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.



Contents


1 History
2 Operations and finances

2.1 Finances
2.2 Board of Directors
2.3 Executive management


3 Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign (BCA)
4 Brands
5 Controversies

5.1 SOPA
5.2 Child labor


6 Other

6.1 Boycott and anti-boycott
6.2 Animal testing


7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
The company began in 1946 when Estée Lauder and her husband Joseph Lauder began producing cosmetics in New York City. They first carried only four products: Cleansing Oil, Skin Lotion, Super Rich All purpose Creme, and Creme Pack. Two years later, in 1948 they established their first department store account with Saks Fifth Avenue in New York.
Over the next 15 years, they expanded the range and continued to sell their products in the United States. In 1960, the company started its first international account in the London department store Harrods. The following year it opened an office in Hong Kong.
In 1964, they introduced Aramis, a line of fragrance and grooming products for men named after an exotic Turkish root originally used as an aphrodisiac.[7] In 1967, Estée Lauder herself was named one of ten Outstanding Women in Business in the United States by business and financial editors[citation needed]. This was followed by a Spirit of Achievement Award from Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University in 1968. In that year, the company expanded again, opening Clinique Laboratories, Inc. Clinique was the first dermatologist guided (Dr. Norman Orentreich), allergy tested, fragrance-free cosmetic brand created by Estée Lauder.
Estée Lauder's Clinique brand became the first women's cosmetic company to introduce a second line for men when, in 1976, they began a separate line called "Skin Supplies for Men", which continues to be sold at Clinique counters worldwide. In 1981, the company's products became available in the Soviet Union.
In the 1990s, brand acquisitions and licensing agreements contributed to explosive growth as the Company transformed from a family-owned business to a publicly-traded, family-controlled organization. The decade opened with the creation of Origins — the first wellness brand in U.S. department stores. The first licensing agreement for fragrances was with fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger in 1993, followed by Kiton, an Italian fashion house (1995), and with American fashion designer Donna Karan (1997).[8]
Brand acquisitions began with an investment in the Toronto-based M•A•C Cosmetics in 1994, which the company then acquired in 1998. Bobbi Brown Cosmetics, designed by the celebrated makeup artist, was acquired in 1995, as was La Mer – along with the original recipe for its supreme luxury product, Crème de la Mer, containing the nutrient-rich Miracle Broth™. The Company ventured into its first hair care and holistic beauty brand with Aveda in 1997. The renowned fragrance house Jo Malone London was acquired in 1999.[9]
On November 17, 1995, The Estée Lauder Companies went public on the New York Stock Exchange, at $26.00 a share ($13.00 post-split). [10]
The Estée Lauder brand has had sometimes iconic spokesmodels, sometimes referred to simply as 'faces'. Past 'faces' for Estée Lauder include Karen Graham, Bruce Boxleitner, Shaun Casey, Willow Bay, Paulina Porizkova, Elizabeth Hurley, Carolyn Murphy, supermodel Liya Kebede was the first African American 'face' of Estee Lauder, Anja Rubik, and actress Gwyneth Paltrow. As of 2008[update] the main spokesmodel for Estée Lauder was supermodel Hilary Rhoda. In 2010, the company added three more faces to the roster, Chinese model Liu Wen, Puerto Rican model Joan Smalls, and French model Constance Jablonski.[11] In 2015, Estée Lauder signed model and social media sensation Kendall Jenner to introduce a new generation of beauty enthusiasts to the brand. [12]
Acquisitions and licensing continued in the 2000s as The Estée Lauder Companies bought a majority interest in Bumble & bumble, the trendy hair care salon, and completed its acquisition in 2006; an exclusive global licensing agreement was signed with fashion designer Michael Kors (2003). Designer Tom Ford begins a project with the Company and later an agreement was signed with him (2005) to develop and distribute fragrances and cosmetics under the Tom Ford Beauty brand. [13]
On July 1, 2010, the company acquired Smashbox Beauty Cosmetics, Inc., a brand created in Smashbox Studios in Culver City, California, by brothers Dean and Davis Factor (as in Max).[14]




The large Estée Lauder cosmetics counter at MYER Sydney City






Small-medium-sized pre-2013 style counter at New Zealand retailer Farmers


On October 28, 2011, Aramis and Designer Fragrances, a division of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., and Tory Burch LLC announced the signing of a multiyear agreement for the exclusive worldwide license of the Tory Burch fragrance business. This partnership marked Tory Burch's first step into the beauty industry. The first Tory Burch fragrance products were introduced in 2013.[15]
In 2012, the company launched AERIN Beauty, a luxury lifestyle beauty and fragrance brand inspired by the signature style of its founder, Aerin Lauder.
In 2014, the company acquired two insider beauty brands, RODIN olio lusso, a skin care brand renowned for its "Luxury Face Oil," and Le Labo, a fragrance and sensory lifestyle brand. In 2015, the Company acquired Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle, a fragrance brand, and GLAMGLOW, a Hollywood skin care brand.[16]
In 2016, the company acquired Becca Cosmetics, their first color cosmetic group acquisition since Smashbox in 2010.[17] In November 2016, the company made its largest acquisition to date by acquiring California-based cosmetics company Too Faced for USD$1.45 billion.[18]
Operations and finances[edit]
Finances[edit]
For fiscal year 2016, the Estée Lauder Companies achieved net sales of $11.26 billion, a 4% increase compared with $10.78 billion in the prior year. Net earnings for the year were $1.11 billion, a 2% increase compared with $1.09 billion last year, and diluted net earnings per common share rose 5% to $2.96, compared with $2.82 reported in the prior year.[19]
Board of Directors[edit]
Current members of the Board of Directors of Estée Lauder Companies Inc. are: Charlene Barshefsky, Rose Marie Bravo, Lynn Forester de Rothschild, Fabrizio Freda, Paul J. Fribourg, Wei Sun Christianson, Mellody Hobson, Irvine Hockaday, Jane Lauder, Leonard A. Lauder, Ronald S. Lauder, William P. Lauder, Richard Parsons, Barry Sternlicht and Richard F. Zannino. [20]
Executive management[edit]
Leonard A. Lauder is Chairman Emeritus. William P. Lauder is Executive Chairman. Fabrizio Freda is President and Chief Executive Officer.[21]
Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign (BCA)[edit]
In October 1992, the BCA campaign was launched by Evelyn Lauder (Estée's daughter in law) who co-created the "Pink Ribbon" with SELF magazine as a symbol of breast health. Since then, millions of people globally have heard the message about the importance of breast health and early detection can save lives. The Estée Lauder Companies’ annual Breast Cancer Awareness campaign involves all of the 18 brands that make up the Estée Lauder Companies. They collectively represent The Breast Cancer Research Foundation’s first and largest corporate supporter. Estée's daughter-in-law created BCRF's signature pink ribbon.
Over $10 million were raised for the Breast Cancer Research Foundation between 1993 and summer 2003. Another $1 million were raised from their retail partners between July 2002 and summer 2003.[22]
Brands[edit]
The Estée Lauder Companies brands include:[23]



Cosmetics

AERIN
BECCA
Bobbi Brown
Clinique
Darphin
DECIEM[24]
Estée Lauder
GLAMGLOW
La Mer
Lab Series
M∙A∙C
Origins
Prescriptives
Smashbox
Too Faced[25]
Tom Ford Beauty


Fragrance

Aramis
By Kilian[26]
DKNY Fragrances
Donna Karan Cosmetics
Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle
Ermenegildo Zegna Perfumes
Jo Malone London
Kiton
Le Labo
Michael Kors Beauty
RODIN olio lusso[27]
Tommy Hilfiger Toiletries
Tom Ford Beauty
Tory Burch Beauty

Haircare

Aveda
Bumble and Bumble





Controversies[edit]
SOPA[edit]
Estée Lauder Companies appeared on lists of major companies supporting SOPA, the controversial, but unsuccessful, Congressional anti-piracy bill that was considered overreaching by critics.[28][29]
Child labor[edit]
In 2001, it was reported that children were discovered working in a factory in Cambridge, New York making products for Origins, one of Estee Lauder's natural products brands.[citation needed] The company immediately moved to terminate the contract with the manufacturer it had been in business with for 5 years, claiming it was totally unaware prior to the initial inspection.
Other[edit]
Boycott and anti-boycott[edit]
Since at least February 2001, Estée Lauder and its brands have been the target of a boycott campaign. The boycott has been led by pro-Palestinian activists who have targeted the corporation because of the pro-Israel activities of Ronald Lauder.[30][31] In June 2003, the San Francisco-based Queers Undermining Israeli Terrorism (QUIT) took up the boycott with their "Estée Slaughter" campaign.[32] The boycott has generated an anti-boycott campaign by supporters of Israel.[33]
Animal testing[edit]
The Estée Lauder Companies performs non-animal and human volunteer testing to assess product safety and efficacy. The Estée Lauder Companies does perform animal testing where required by law. The Chinese government requires testing on animals for many cosmetic products.[34] This causes controversy for smaller brands that are "cruelty free" but were bought out by Estée Lauder. Estée Lauder becomes the parent company of the smaller brand and profits through the smaller brand. Customers are concerned that by continuing to purchase from these previously cruelty free brands that they may contributing to animal testing via parent companies.
References[edit]


^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://otp.tools.investis.com/clients/us/estee_lauder1/SEC/sec-show.aspx?FilingId=11561623&Cik=0001001250&Type=PDF&hasPdf=1
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments#1964-aramis
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ "The New Faces of Beauty: Of the Minute". models.com. Retrieved 2010-04-16. 
^ http://fashionista.com/2014/11/kendall-jenner-estee-lauder
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ "ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES - Investor Relations - News Release". Investors.elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES - Investor Relations - News Release". Investors.elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Fact Sheet FY 2014". Elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ https://www.elcompanies.com/news-and-media/newsroom/company-features/2016/welcoming-becca-to-the-estee-lauder-companies
^ "Did Too Faced Founders Cash Out Too Early? Sale To Estee Lauder Suggests Yes". Forbes.com. 2016-11-15. Retrieved 2017-02-15. 
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/~/media/Files/E/Estee-Lauder/investors/toolkit/4qtr16.pdf
^ "ESTEE LAUDER COMPANIES-CL A (EL:New York): Board of Directors - Businessweek". Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Our Leaders". Elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Summer 2003 BCRF newsletter: Estée Lauder Companies Update". Web. April 4, 2005. Archived from the original on April 4, 2005. Retrieved May 22, 2011. 
^ "Our Brands". Elcompanies.com. 2011-03-22. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "The Estée Lauder Companies Invests in DECIEM, the Abnormal Beauty Company". Estée Lauder Companies. 15 June 2017. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ "Why Estee Lauder Is Buying This Cosmetics Brand for $1.45 Billion". Fortune. 15 November 2016. Retrieved 15 November 2016. 
^ http://elcompanies.com/Pages/PressReleaseStory.aspx?ReleaseId=1855
^ "The Estée Lauder Companies Acquires RODIN olio lusso". Elcompanies.com. 2014-10-31. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "All the Companies Supporting SOPA, the Awful Internet Censorship Law—and How to Contact Them". Gizmodo.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "List of Supporters: H.R. 3261, the Stop Online Piracy Act" (PDF). Judiciary.house.gov. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Boycott Israel Campaign". Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "American Muslims for Jerusalem have called for a boycott of Estee Lauder products". Snopes. Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "Queers Undermining Israeli Terrorism". Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "Armchair Activist: Buy Estee Lauder Products". May 11, 2001. Archived from the original on June 7, 2002. Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ [1]


External links[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



Estée Lauder Companies Inc. website
Instagram
LinkedIn

Coordinates: 40°45′49″N 73°58′22″W﻿ / ﻿40.76361°N 73.97278°W﻿ / 40.76361; -73.97278






v
t
e


Estée Lauder Companies



Lauder family



Estée Lauder Founder
William P. Lauder Executive Chairman
Leonard Lauder Chairman Emeritus
Aerin Lauder Creative Director
Jane Lauder Global President





People



Fabrizio Freda President and CEO
John Dempsey Group President





Brands



AERIN
Bobbi Brown
Clinique
Darphin
Estée Lauder
GoodSkin Labs
GLAMGLOW
Jo Malone London
La Mer
LAB Series
MAC Cosmetics
Prescriptives
Origins
Osiao
Smashbox





Fragrance



Aramis
Coach
Donna Karan
Ermenegildo Zegna
Kiton
Marni
Michael Kors
Le Labo
RODIN olio lusso
Tom Ford
Tommy Hilfiger
Tory Burch





Haircare



Aveda
Bumble and bumble
Ojon








 Categories
Estée Lauder Companies
Lauder family












v
t
e


Cosmetics



Face



Anti-aging cream
BB cream
Botulinum toxin (Botox)
Concealer
Cleanser
Facial
Facial toning
Foundation
Moisturizer
Permanent makeup
Primer
Powder
Rouge
Skin whitening
Toner
Veil
Venetian ceruse





Lips



Lipstick
Gloss
Liner
Plumper
Stain
Balm





Eyes



Blepharoplasty
Circle contact lens
Eyelash extensions
Eyelid glue
Eye liner
Eye shadow
Kohl
Mascara





Hair



Conditioner
Hair coloring and bleaching
Removal

chemical
electric
laser
IPL
plucking
shaving
threading
waxing


Shampoo
Styling
Styling products

gel
mousse
pomade
spray
wax







Nails



Artificial nails
Buffing
Manicure
Nail polish
Pedicure





Body



Body powder
Cold cream
Lotion
Cosmetic surgery
Peeling
Skin whitening





Related topics



Cosmetic electrotherapy
Cosmetic ingredients
Cosmetics advertising
Cosmetology
History of cosmetics










Major cosmetic brands






Ahava
Almay
AmorePacific
Anna Sui
Artistry
Aveda
Avon
Bath & Body Works
Benefit
Biotherm
Bobbi Brown
The Body Shop
Bonne Bell
Brihans Natural Products
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Cargo
Carol's Daughter
Clarins
Clinique
Coty
CoverGirl
Creme 21
Cutex
Daigaku Honyaku Center
Elizabeth Arden
Estée Lauder
Eyes Lips Face
Faberge
Farmec
Hard Candy
Helena Rubinstein
Kao Corporation
Kevyn Aucoin
Kiehl's
La Mer
Lancôme
Laneige
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier Cosmetics
Lise Watier
L'Oréal
L'occitane
Love Cosmetics
Lush
MAC Cosmetics
Mary Kay
Max Factor
Maybelline
Missha
Molton Brown
NARS
Natura
Natural Wonder
Neal's Yard Remedies
Neutrogena
Nexxus
Nivea
O Boticário
OPI
Oriflame
Origins
Paula Begoun
Pond's Creams
Red Earth
Revlon
Richard Hudnut
Rimmel
Sephora
Shiseido
Shu Uemura
SimplySiti
SK-II
SkinCeuticals
Stila
ULTA Beauty
Ultima II
Urban Decay
Vichy
Victoria's Secret
Wella
Yves Rocher











 Categories
Companies
People
History










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Estée_Lauder_Companies&oldid=786046724"					
Categories: Estée Lauder CompaniesCosmetics companies of the United StatesCompanies based in ManhattanHistory of cosmeticsPerfume housesAmerican companies established in 1946Manufacturing companies established in 19461946 establishments in New YorkCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Use mdy dates from May 2011All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2008All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2016Coordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoمصرىNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2017, at 22:58.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Estée Lauder Companies - Wikipedia






















 






Estée Lauder Companies

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: EL
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Cosmetics


Founded
New York City, New York, United States (1946)


Founders
Estée Lauder
Joseph Lauder


Headquarters
General Motors Building
New York City, New York, United States



Key people

William P. Lauder
(Executive Chairman)
Fabrizio Freda
(President and CEO)


Products
Skin care, Makeup, Fragrance and Haircare


Revenue
US$11.26 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

US$1.61 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

US$1.11 billion (2016)[3]


Total assets
US$9.22 billion (2016)[4]


Total equity
US$3.57 billion (2016)[5]



Number of employees

46,000 (June 2016)[6]


Website
elcompanies.com


The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. (/ˈɛsteɪ ˈlɔːdər/) is an American manufacturer and marketer of prestige skincare, makeup, fragrance and hair care products. The company owns a diverse portfolio of brands, distributed internationally through retail channels and digital commerce, and has its headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.



Contents


1 History
2 Operations and finances

2.1 Finances
2.2 Board of Directors
2.3 Executive management


3 Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign (BCA)
4 Brands
5 Controversies

5.1 SOPA
5.2 Child labor


6 Other

6.1 Boycott and anti-boycott
6.2 Animal testing


7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
The company began in 1946 when Estée Lauder and her husband Joseph Lauder began producing cosmetics in New York City. They first carried only four products: Cleansing Oil, Skin Lotion, Super Rich All purpose Creme, and Creme Pack. Two years later, in 1948 they established their first department store account with Saks Fifth Avenue in New York.
Over the next 15 years, they expanded the range and continued to sell their products in the United States. In 1960, the company started its first international account in the London department store Harrods. The following year it opened an office in Hong Kong.
In 1964, they introduced Aramis, a line of fragrance and grooming products for men named after an exotic Turkish root originally used as an aphrodisiac.[7] In 1967, Estée Lauder herself was named one of ten Outstanding Women in Business in the United States by business and financial editors[citation needed]. This was followed by a Spirit of Achievement Award from Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University in 1968. In that year, the company expanded again, opening Clinique Laboratories, Inc. Clinique was the first dermatologist guided (Dr. Norman Orentreich), allergy tested, fragrance-free cosmetic brand created by Estée Lauder.
Estée Lauder's Clinique brand became the first women's cosmetic company to introduce a second line for men when, in 1976, they began a separate line called "Skin Supplies for Men", which continues to be sold at Clinique counters worldwide. In 1981, the company's products became available in the Soviet Union.
In the 1990s, brand acquisitions and licensing agreements contributed to explosive growth as the Company transformed from a family-owned business to a publicly-traded, family-controlled organization. The decade opened with the creation of Origins — the first wellness brand in U.S. department stores. The first licensing agreement for fragrances was with fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger in 1993, followed by Kiton, an Italian fashion house (1995), and with American fashion designer Donna Karan (1997).[8]
Brand acquisitions began with an investment in the Toronto-based M•A•C Cosmetics in 1994, which the company then acquired in 1998. Bobbi Brown Cosmetics, designed by the celebrated makeup artist, was acquired in 1995, as was La Mer – along with the original recipe for its supreme luxury product, Crème de la Mer, containing the nutrient-rich Miracle Broth™. The Company ventured into its first hair care and holistic beauty brand with Aveda in 1997. The renowned fragrance house Jo Malone London was acquired in 1999.[9]
On November 17, 1995, The Estée Lauder Companies went public on the New York Stock Exchange, at $26.00 a share ($13.00 post-split). [10]
The Estée Lauder brand has had sometimes iconic spokesmodels, sometimes referred to simply as 'faces'. Past 'faces' for Estée Lauder include Karen Graham, Bruce Boxleitner, Shaun Casey, Willow Bay, Paulina Porizkova, Elizabeth Hurley, Carolyn Murphy, supermodel Liya Kebede was the first African American 'face' of Estee Lauder, Anja Rubik, and actress Gwyneth Paltrow. As of 2008[update] the main spokesmodel for Estée Lauder was supermodel Hilary Rhoda. In 2010, the company added three more faces to the roster, Chinese model Liu Wen, Puerto Rican model Joan Smalls, and French model Constance Jablonski.[11] In 2015, Estée Lauder signed model and social media sensation Kendall Jenner to introduce a new generation of beauty enthusiasts to the brand. [12]
Acquisitions and licensing continued in the 2000s as The Estée Lauder Companies bought a majority interest in Bumble & bumble, the trendy hair care salon, and completed its acquisition in 2006; an exclusive global licensing agreement was signed with fashion designer Michael Kors (2003). Designer Tom Ford begins a project with the Company and later an agreement was signed with him (2005) to develop and distribute fragrances and cosmetics under the Tom Ford Beauty brand. [13]
On July 1, 2010, the company acquired Smashbox Beauty Cosmetics, Inc., a brand created in Smashbox Studios in Culver City, California, by brothers Dean and Davis Factor (as in Max).[14]




The large Estée Lauder cosmetics counter at MYER Sydney City






Small-medium-sized pre-2013 style counter at New Zealand retailer Farmers


On October 28, 2011, Aramis and Designer Fragrances, a division of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., and Tory Burch LLC announced the signing of a multiyear agreement for the exclusive worldwide license of the Tory Burch fragrance business. This partnership marked Tory Burch's first step into the beauty industry. The first Tory Burch fragrance products were introduced in 2013.[15]
In 2012, the company launched AERIN Beauty, a luxury lifestyle beauty and fragrance brand inspired by the signature style of its founder, Aerin Lauder.
In 2014, the company acquired two insider beauty brands, RODIN olio lusso, a skin care brand renowned for its "Luxury Face Oil," and Le Labo, a fragrance and sensory lifestyle brand. In 2015, the Company acquired Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle, a fragrance brand, and GLAMGLOW, a Hollywood skin care brand.[16]
In 2016, the company acquired Becca Cosmetics, their first color cosmetic group acquisition since Smashbox in 2010.[17] In November 2016, the company made its largest acquisition to date by acquiring California-based cosmetics company Too Faced for USD$1.45 billion.[18]
Operations and finances[edit]
Finances[edit]
For fiscal year 2016, the Estée Lauder Companies achieved net sales of $11.26 billion, a 4% increase compared with $10.78 billion in the prior year. Net earnings for the year were $1.11 billion, a 2% increase compared with $1.09 billion last year, and diluted net earnings per common share rose 5% to $2.96, compared with $2.82 reported in the prior year.[19]
Board of Directors[edit]
Current members of the Board of Directors of Estée Lauder Companies Inc. are: Charlene Barshefsky, Rose Marie Bravo, Lynn Forester de Rothschild, Fabrizio Freda, Paul J. Fribourg, Wei Sun Christianson, Mellody Hobson, Irvine Hockaday, Jane Lauder, Leonard A. Lauder, Ronald S. Lauder, William P. Lauder, Richard Parsons, Barry Sternlicht and Richard F. Zannino. [20]
Executive management[edit]
Leonard A. Lauder is Chairman Emeritus. William P. Lauder is Executive Chairman. Fabrizio Freda is President and Chief Executive Officer.[21]
Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign (BCA)[edit]
In October 1992, the BCA campaign was launched by Evelyn Lauder (Estée's daughter in law) who co-created the "Pink Ribbon" with SELF magazine as a symbol of breast health. Since then, millions of people globally have heard the message about the importance of breast health and early detection can save lives. The Estée Lauder Companies’ annual Breast Cancer Awareness campaign involves all of the 18 brands that make up the Estée Lauder Companies. They collectively represent The Breast Cancer Research Foundation’s first and largest corporate supporter. Estée's daughter-in-law created BCRF's signature pink ribbon.
Over $10 million were raised for the Breast Cancer Research Foundation between 1993 and summer 2003. Another $1 million were raised from their retail partners between July 2002 and summer 2003.[22]
Brands[edit]
The Estée Lauder Companies brands include:[23]



Cosmetics

AERIN
BECCA
Bobbi Brown
Clinique
Darphin
DECIEM[24]
Estée Lauder
GLAMGLOW
La Mer
Lab Series
M∙A∙C
Origins
Prescriptives
Smashbox
Too Faced[25]
Tom Ford Beauty


Fragrance

Aramis
By Kilian[26]
DKNY Fragrances
Donna Karan Cosmetics
Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle
Ermenegildo Zegna Perfumes
Jo Malone London
Kiton
Le Labo
Michael Kors Beauty
RODIN olio lusso[27]
Tommy Hilfiger Toiletries
Tom Ford Beauty
Tory Burch Beauty

Haircare

Aveda
Bumble and Bumble





Controversies[edit]
SOPA[edit]
Estée Lauder Companies appeared on lists of major companies supporting SOPA, the controversial, but unsuccessful, Congressional anti-piracy bill that was considered overreaching by critics.[28][29]
Child labor[edit]
In 2001, it was reported that children were discovered working in a factory in Cambridge, New York making products for Origins, one of Estee Lauder's natural products brands.[citation needed] The company immediately moved to terminate the contract with the manufacturer it had been in business with for 5 years, claiming it was totally unaware prior to the initial inspection.
Other[edit]
Boycott and anti-boycott[edit]
Since at least February 2001, Estée Lauder and its brands have been the target of a boycott campaign. The boycott has been led by pro-Palestinian activists who have targeted the corporation because of the pro-Israel activities of Ronald Lauder.[30][31] In June 2003, the San Francisco-based Queers Undermining Israeli Terrorism (QUIT) took up the boycott with their "Estée Slaughter" campaign.[32] The boycott has generated an anti-boycott campaign by supporters of Israel.[33]
Animal testing[edit]
The Estée Lauder Companies performs non-animal and human volunteer testing to assess product safety and efficacy. The Estée Lauder Companies does perform animal testing where required by law. The Chinese government requires testing on animals for many cosmetic products.[34] This causes controversy for smaller brands that are "cruelty free" but were bought out by Estée Lauder. Estée Lauder becomes the parent company of the smaller brand and profits through the smaller brand. Customers are concerned that by continuing to purchase from these previously cruelty free brands that they may contributing to animal testing via parent companies.
References[edit]


^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://otp.tools.investis.com/clients/us/estee_lauder1/SEC/sec-show.aspx?FilingId=11561623&Cik=0001001250&Type=PDF&hasPdf=1
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments#1964-aramis
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ "The New Faces of Beauty: Of the Minute". models.com. Retrieved 2010-04-16. 
^ http://fashionista.com/2014/11/kendall-jenner-estee-lauder
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ "ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES - Investor Relations - News Release". Investors.elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES - Investor Relations - News Release". Investors.elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Fact Sheet FY 2014". Elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ https://www.elcompanies.com/news-and-media/newsroom/company-features/2016/welcoming-becca-to-the-estee-lauder-companies
^ "Did Too Faced Founders Cash Out Too Early? Sale To Estee Lauder Suggests Yes". Forbes.com. 2016-11-15. Retrieved 2017-02-15. 
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/~/media/Files/E/Estee-Lauder/investors/toolkit/4qtr16.pdf
^ "ESTEE LAUDER COMPANIES-CL A (EL:New York): Board of Directors - Businessweek". Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Our Leaders". Elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Summer 2003 BCRF newsletter: Estée Lauder Companies Update". Web. April 4, 2005. Archived from the original on April 4, 2005. Retrieved May 22, 2011. 
^ "Our Brands". Elcompanies.com. 2011-03-22. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "The Estée Lauder Companies Invests in DECIEM, the Abnormal Beauty Company". Estée Lauder Companies. 15 June 2017. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ "Why Estee Lauder Is Buying This Cosmetics Brand for $1.45 Billion". Fortune. 15 November 2016. Retrieved 15 November 2016. 
^ http://elcompanies.com/Pages/PressReleaseStory.aspx?ReleaseId=1855
^ "The Estée Lauder Companies Acquires RODIN olio lusso". Elcompanies.com. 2014-10-31. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "All the Companies Supporting SOPA, the Awful Internet Censorship Law—and How to Contact Them". Gizmodo.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "List of Supporters: H.R. 3261, the Stop Online Piracy Act" (PDF). Judiciary.house.gov. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Boycott Israel Campaign". Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "American Muslims for Jerusalem have called for a boycott of Estee Lauder products". Snopes. Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "Queers Undermining Israeli Terrorism". Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "Armchair Activist: Buy Estee Lauder Products". May 11, 2001. Archived from the original on June 7, 2002. Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ [1]


External links[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



Estée Lauder Companies Inc. website
Instagram
LinkedIn

Coordinates: 40°45′49″N 73°58′22″W﻿ / ﻿40.76361°N 73.97278°W﻿ / 40.76361; -73.97278






v
t
e


Estée Lauder Companies



Lauder family



Estée Lauder Founder
William P. Lauder Executive Chairman
Leonard Lauder Chairman Emeritus
Aerin Lauder Creative Director
Jane Lauder Global President





People



Fabrizio Freda President and CEO
John Dempsey Group President





Brands



AERIN
Bobbi Brown
Clinique
Darphin
Estée Lauder
GoodSkin Labs
GLAMGLOW
Jo Malone London
La Mer
LAB Series
MAC Cosmetics
Prescriptives
Origins
Osiao
Smashbox





Fragrance



Aramis
Coach
Donna Karan
Ermenegildo Zegna
Kiton
Marni
Michael Kors
Le Labo
RODIN olio lusso
Tom Ford
Tommy Hilfiger
Tory Burch





Haircare



Aveda
Bumble and bumble
Ojon








 Categories
Estée Lauder Companies
Lauder family












v
t
e


Cosmetics



Face



Anti-aging cream
BB cream
Botulinum toxin (Botox)
Concealer
Cleanser
Facial
Facial toning
Foundation
Moisturizer
Permanent makeup
Primer
Powder
Rouge
Skin whitening
Toner
Veil
Venetian ceruse





Lips



Lipstick
Gloss
Liner
Plumper
Stain
Balm





Eyes



Blepharoplasty
Circle contact lens
Eyelash extensions
Eyelid glue
Eye liner
Eye shadow
Kohl
Mascara





Hair



Conditioner
Hair coloring and bleaching
Removal

chemical
electric
laser
IPL
plucking
shaving
threading
waxing


Shampoo
Styling
Styling products

gel
mousse
pomade
spray
wax







Nails



Artificial nails
Buffing
Manicure
Nail polish
Pedicure





Body



Body powder
Cold cream
Lotion
Cosmetic surgery
Peeling
Skin whitening





Related topics



Cosmetic electrotherapy
Cosmetic ingredients
Cosmetics advertising
Cosmetology
History of cosmetics










Major cosmetic brands






Ahava
Almay
AmorePacific
Anna Sui
Artistry
Aveda
Avon
Bath & Body Works
Benefit
Biotherm
Bobbi Brown
The Body Shop
Bonne Bell
Brihans Natural Products
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Cargo
Carol's Daughter
Clarins
Clinique
Coty
CoverGirl
Creme 21
Cutex
Daigaku Honyaku Center
Elizabeth Arden
Estée Lauder
Eyes Lips Face
Faberge
Farmec
Hard Candy
Helena Rubinstein
Kao Corporation
Kevyn Aucoin
Kiehl's
La Mer
Lancôme
Laneige
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier Cosmetics
Lise Watier
L'Oréal
L'occitane
Love Cosmetics
Lush
MAC Cosmetics
Mary Kay
Max Factor
Maybelline
Missha
Molton Brown
NARS
Natura
Natural Wonder
Neal's Yard Remedies
Neutrogena
Nexxus
Nivea
O Boticário
OPI
Oriflame
Origins
Paula Begoun
Pond's Creams
Red Earth
Revlon
Richard Hudnut
Rimmel
Sephora
Shiseido
Shu Uemura
SimplySiti
SK-II
SkinCeuticals
Stila
ULTA Beauty
Ultima II
Urban Decay
Vichy
Victoria's Secret
Wella
Yves Rocher











 Categories
Companies
People
History










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Estée_Lauder_Companies&oldid=786046724"					
Categories: Estée Lauder CompaniesCosmetics companies of the United StatesCompanies based in ManhattanHistory of cosmeticsPerfume housesAmerican companies established in 1946Manufacturing companies established in 19461946 establishments in New YorkCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Use mdy dates from May 2011All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2008All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2016Coordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoمصرىNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2017, at 22:58.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Estée Lauder Companies - Wikipedia






















 






Estée Lauder Companies

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: EL
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Cosmetics


Founded
New York City, New York, United States (1946)


Founders
Estée Lauder
Joseph Lauder


Headquarters
General Motors Building
New York City, New York, United States



Key people

William P. Lauder
(Executive Chairman)
Fabrizio Freda
(President and CEO)


Products
Skin care, Makeup, Fragrance and Haircare


Revenue
US$11.26 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

US$1.61 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

US$1.11 billion (2016)[3]


Total assets
US$9.22 billion (2016)[4]


Total equity
US$3.57 billion (2016)[5]



Number of employees

46,000 (June 2016)[6]


Website
elcompanies.com


The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. (/ˈɛsteɪ ˈlɔːdər/) is an American manufacturer and marketer of prestige skincare, makeup, fragrance and hair care products. The company owns a diverse portfolio of brands, distributed internationally through retail channels and digital commerce, and has its headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.



Contents


1 History
2 Operations and finances

2.1 Finances
2.2 Board of Directors
2.3 Executive management


3 Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign (BCA)
4 Brands
5 Controversies

5.1 SOPA
5.2 Child labor


6 Other

6.1 Boycott and anti-boycott
6.2 Animal testing


7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
The company began in 1946 when Estée Lauder and her husband Joseph Lauder began producing cosmetics in New York City. They first carried only four products: Cleansing Oil, Skin Lotion, Super Rich All purpose Creme, and Creme Pack. Two years later, in 1948 they established their first department store account with Saks Fifth Avenue in New York.
Over the next 15 years, they expanded the range and continued to sell their products in the United States. In 1960, the company started its first international account in the London department store Harrods. The following year it opened an office in Hong Kong.
In 1964, they introduced Aramis, a line of fragrance and grooming products for men named after an exotic Turkish root originally used as an aphrodisiac.[7] In 1967, Estée Lauder herself was named one of ten Outstanding Women in Business in the United States by business and financial editors[citation needed]. This was followed by a Spirit of Achievement Award from Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University in 1968. In that year, the company expanded again, opening Clinique Laboratories, Inc. Clinique was the first dermatologist guided (Dr. Norman Orentreich), allergy tested, fragrance-free cosmetic brand created by Estée Lauder.
Estée Lauder's Clinique brand became the first women's cosmetic company to introduce a second line for men when, in 1976, they began a separate line called "Skin Supplies for Men", which continues to be sold at Clinique counters worldwide. In 1981, the company's products became available in the Soviet Union.
In the 1990s, brand acquisitions and licensing agreements contributed to explosive growth as the Company transformed from a family-owned business to a publicly-traded, family-controlled organization. The decade opened with the creation of Origins — the first wellness brand in U.S. department stores. The first licensing agreement for fragrances was with fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger in 1993, followed by Kiton, an Italian fashion house (1995), and with American fashion designer Donna Karan (1997).[8]
Brand acquisitions began with an investment in the Toronto-based M•A•C Cosmetics in 1994, which the company then acquired in 1998. Bobbi Brown Cosmetics, designed by the celebrated makeup artist, was acquired in 1995, as was La Mer – along with the original recipe for its supreme luxury product, Crème de la Mer, containing the nutrient-rich Miracle Broth™. The Company ventured into its first hair care and holistic beauty brand with Aveda in 1997. The renowned fragrance house Jo Malone London was acquired in 1999.[9]
On November 17, 1995, The Estée Lauder Companies went public on the New York Stock Exchange, at $26.00 a share ($13.00 post-split). [10]
The Estée Lauder brand has had sometimes iconic spokesmodels, sometimes referred to simply as 'faces'. Past 'faces' for Estée Lauder include Karen Graham, Bruce Boxleitner, Shaun Casey, Willow Bay, Paulina Porizkova, Elizabeth Hurley, Carolyn Murphy, supermodel Liya Kebede was the first African American 'face' of Estee Lauder, Anja Rubik, and actress Gwyneth Paltrow. As of 2008[update] the main spokesmodel for Estée Lauder was supermodel Hilary Rhoda. In 2010, the company added three more faces to the roster, Chinese model Liu Wen, Puerto Rican model Joan Smalls, and French model Constance Jablonski.[11] In 2015, Estée Lauder signed model and social media sensation Kendall Jenner to introduce a new generation of beauty enthusiasts to the brand. [12]
Acquisitions and licensing continued in the 2000s as The Estée Lauder Companies bought a majority interest in Bumble & bumble, the trendy hair care salon, and completed its acquisition in 2006; an exclusive global licensing agreement was signed with fashion designer Michael Kors (2003). Designer Tom Ford begins a project with the Company and later an agreement was signed with him (2005) to develop and distribute fragrances and cosmetics under the Tom Ford Beauty brand. [13]
On July 1, 2010, the company acquired Smashbox Beauty Cosmetics, Inc., a brand created in Smashbox Studios in Culver City, California, by brothers Dean and Davis Factor (as in Max).[14]




The large Estée Lauder cosmetics counter at MYER Sydney City






Small-medium-sized pre-2013 style counter at New Zealand retailer Farmers


On October 28, 2011, Aramis and Designer Fragrances, a division of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., and Tory Burch LLC announced the signing of a multiyear agreement for the exclusive worldwide license of the Tory Burch fragrance business. This partnership marked Tory Burch's first step into the beauty industry. The first Tory Burch fragrance products were introduced in 2013.[15]
In 2012, the company launched AERIN Beauty, a luxury lifestyle beauty and fragrance brand inspired by the signature style of its founder, Aerin Lauder.
In 2014, the company acquired two insider beauty brands, RODIN olio lusso, a skin care brand renowned for its "Luxury Face Oil," and Le Labo, a fragrance and sensory lifestyle brand. In 2015, the Company acquired Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle, a fragrance brand, and GLAMGLOW, a Hollywood skin care brand.[16]
In 2016, the company acquired Becca Cosmetics, their first color cosmetic group acquisition since Smashbox in 2010.[17] In November 2016, the company made its largest acquisition to date by acquiring California-based cosmetics company Too Faced for USD$1.45 billion.[18]
Operations and finances[edit]
Finances[edit]
For fiscal year 2016, the Estée Lauder Companies achieved net sales of $11.26 billion, a 4% increase compared with $10.78 billion in the prior year. Net earnings for the year were $1.11 billion, a 2% increase compared with $1.09 billion last year, and diluted net earnings per common share rose 5% to $2.96, compared with $2.82 reported in the prior year.[19]
Board of Directors[edit]
Current members of the Board of Directors of Estée Lauder Companies Inc. are: Charlene Barshefsky, Rose Marie Bravo, Lynn Forester de Rothschild, Fabrizio Freda, Paul J. Fribourg, Wei Sun Christianson, Mellody Hobson, Irvine Hockaday, Jane Lauder, Leonard A. Lauder, Ronald S. Lauder, William P. Lauder, Richard Parsons, Barry Sternlicht and Richard F. Zannino. [20]
Executive management[edit]
Leonard A. Lauder is Chairman Emeritus. William P. Lauder is Executive Chairman. Fabrizio Freda is President and Chief Executive Officer.[21]
Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign (BCA)[edit]
In October 1992, the BCA campaign was launched by Evelyn Lauder (Estée's daughter in law) who co-created the "Pink Ribbon" with SELF magazine as a symbol of breast health. Since then, millions of people globally have heard the message about the importance of breast health and early detection can save lives. The Estée Lauder Companies’ annual Breast Cancer Awareness campaign involves all of the 18 brands that make up the Estée Lauder Companies. They collectively represent The Breast Cancer Research Foundation’s first and largest corporate supporter. Estée's daughter-in-law created BCRF's signature pink ribbon.
Over $10 million were raised for the Breast Cancer Research Foundation between 1993 and summer 2003. Another $1 million were raised from their retail partners between July 2002 and summer 2003.[22]
Brands[edit]
The Estée Lauder Companies brands include:[23]



Cosmetics

AERIN
BECCA
Bobbi Brown
Clinique
Darphin
DECIEM[24]
Estée Lauder
GLAMGLOW
La Mer
Lab Series
M∙A∙C
Origins
Prescriptives
Smashbox
Too Faced[25]
Tom Ford Beauty


Fragrance

Aramis
By Kilian[26]
DKNY Fragrances
Donna Karan Cosmetics
Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle
Ermenegildo Zegna Perfumes
Jo Malone London
Kiton
Le Labo
Michael Kors Beauty
RODIN olio lusso[27]
Tommy Hilfiger Toiletries
Tom Ford Beauty
Tory Burch Beauty

Haircare

Aveda
Bumble and Bumble





Controversies[edit]
SOPA[edit]
Estée Lauder Companies appeared on lists of major companies supporting SOPA, the controversial, but unsuccessful, Congressional anti-piracy bill that was considered overreaching by critics.[28][29]
Child labor[edit]
In 2001, it was reported that children were discovered working in a factory in Cambridge, New York making products for Origins, one of Estee Lauder's natural products brands.[citation needed] The company immediately moved to terminate the contract with the manufacturer it had been in business with for 5 years, claiming it was totally unaware prior to the initial inspection.
Other[edit]
Boycott and anti-boycott[edit]
Since at least February 2001, Estée Lauder and its brands have been the target of a boycott campaign. The boycott has been led by pro-Palestinian activists who have targeted the corporation because of the pro-Israel activities of Ronald Lauder.[30][31] In June 2003, the San Francisco-based Queers Undermining Israeli Terrorism (QUIT) took up the boycott with their "Estée Slaughter" campaign.[32] The boycott has generated an anti-boycott campaign by supporters of Israel.[33]
Animal testing[edit]
The Estée Lauder Companies performs non-animal and human volunteer testing to assess product safety and efficacy. The Estée Lauder Companies does perform animal testing where required by law. The Chinese government requires testing on animals for many cosmetic products.[34] This causes controversy for smaller brands that are "cruelty free" but were bought out by Estée Lauder. Estée Lauder becomes the parent company of the smaller brand and profits through the smaller brand. Customers are concerned that by continuing to purchase from these previously cruelty free brands that they may contributing to animal testing via parent companies.
References[edit]


^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://otp.tools.investis.com/clients/us/estee_lauder1/SEC/sec-show.aspx?FilingId=11561623&Cik=0001001250&Type=PDF&hasPdf=1
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments#1964-aramis
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ "The New Faces of Beauty: Of the Minute". models.com. Retrieved 2010-04-16. 
^ http://fashionista.com/2014/11/kendall-jenner-estee-lauder
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ "ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES - Investor Relations - News Release". Investors.elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES - Investor Relations - News Release". Investors.elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Fact Sheet FY 2014". Elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ https://www.elcompanies.com/news-and-media/newsroom/company-features/2016/welcoming-becca-to-the-estee-lauder-companies
^ "Did Too Faced Founders Cash Out Too Early? Sale To Estee Lauder Suggests Yes". Forbes.com. 2016-11-15. Retrieved 2017-02-15. 
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/~/media/Files/E/Estee-Lauder/investors/toolkit/4qtr16.pdf
^ "ESTEE LAUDER COMPANIES-CL A (EL:New York): Board of Directors - Businessweek". Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Our Leaders". Elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Summer 2003 BCRF newsletter: Estée Lauder Companies Update". Web. April 4, 2005. Archived from the original on April 4, 2005. Retrieved May 22, 2011. 
^ "Our Brands". Elcompanies.com. 2011-03-22. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "The Estée Lauder Companies Invests in DECIEM, the Abnormal Beauty Company". Estée Lauder Companies. 15 June 2017. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ "Why Estee Lauder Is Buying This Cosmetics Brand for $1.45 Billion". Fortune. 15 November 2016. Retrieved 15 November 2016. 
^ http://elcompanies.com/Pages/PressReleaseStory.aspx?ReleaseId=1855
^ "The Estée Lauder Companies Acquires RODIN olio lusso". Elcompanies.com. 2014-10-31. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "All the Companies Supporting SOPA, the Awful Internet Censorship Law—and How to Contact Them". Gizmodo.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "List of Supporters: H.R. 3261, the Stop Online Piracy Act" (PDF). Judiciary.house.gov. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Boycott Israel Campaign". Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "American Muslims for Jerusalem have called for a boycott of Estee Lauder products". Snopes. Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "Queers Undermining Israeli Terrorism". Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "Armchair Activist: Buy Estee Lauder Products". May 11, 2001. Archived from the original on June 7, 2002. Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ [1]


External links[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



Estée Lauder Companies Inc. website
Instagram
LinkedIn

Coordinates: 40°45′49″N 73°58′22″W﻿ / ﻿40.76361°N 73.97278°W﻿ / 40.76361; -73.97278






v
t
e


Estée Lauder Companies



Lauder family



Estée Lauder Founder
William P. Lauder Executive Chairman
Leonard Lauder Chairman Emeritus
Aerin Lauder Creative Director
Jane Lauder Global President





People



Fabrizio Freda President and CEO
John Dempsey Group President





Brands



AERIN
Bobbi Brown
Clinique
Darphin
Estée Lauder
GoodSkin Labs
GLAMGLOW
Jo Malone London
La Mer
LAB Series
MAC Cosmetics
Prescriptives
Origins
Osiao
Smashbox





Fragrance



Aramis
Coach
Donna Karan
Ermenegildo Zegna
Kiton
Marni
Michael Kors
Le Labo
RODIN olio lusso
Tom Ford
Tommy Hilfiger
Tory Burch





Haircare



Aveda
Bumble and bumble
Ojon








 Categories
Estée Lauder Companies
Lauder family












v
t
e


Cosmetics



Face



Anti-aging cream
BB cream
Botulinum toxin (Botox)
Concealer
Cleanser
Facial
Facial toning
Foundation
Moisturizer
Permanent makeup
Primer
Powder
Rouge
Skin whitening
Toner
Veil
Venetian ceruse





Lips



Lipstick
Gloss
Liner
Plumper
Stain
Balm





Eyes



Blepharoplasty
Circle contact lens
Eyelash extensions
Eyelid glue
Eye liner
Eye shadow
Kohl
Mascara





Hair



Conditioner
Hair coloring and bleaching
Removal

chemical
electric
laser
IPL
plucking
shaving
threading
waxing


Shampoo
Styling
Styling products

gel
mousse
pomade
spray
wax







Nails



Artificial nails
Buffing
Manicure
Nail polish
Pedicure





Body



Body powder
Cold cream
Lotion
Cosmetic surgery
Peeling
Skin whitening





Related topics



Cosmetic electrotherapy
Cosmetic ingredients
Cosmetics advertising
Cosmetology
History of cosmetics










Major cosmetic brands






Ahava
Almay
AmorePacific
Anna Sui
Artistry
Aveda
Avon
Bath & Body Works
Benefit
Biotherm
Bobbi Brown
The Body Shop
Bonne Bell
Brihans Natural Products
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Cargo
Carol's Daughter
Clarins
Clinique
Coty
CoverGirl
Creme 21
Cutex
Daigaku Honyaku Center
Elizabeth Arden
Estée Lauder
Eyes Lips Face
Faberge
Farmec
Hard Candy
Helena Rubinstein
Kao Corporation
Kevyn Aucoin
Kiehl's
La Mer
Lancôme
Laneige
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier Cosmetics
Lise Watier
L'Oréal
L'occitane
Love Cosmetics
Lush
MAC Cosmetics
Mary Kay
Max Factor
Maybelline
Missha
Molton Brown
NARS
Natura
Natural Wonder
Neal's Yard Remedies
Neutrogena
Nexxus
Nivea
O Boticário
OPI
Oriflame
Origins
Paula Begoun
Pond's Creams
Red Earth
Revlon
Richard Hudnut
Rimmel
Sephora
Shiseido
Shu Uemura
SimplySiti
SK-II
SkinCeuticals
Stila
ULTA Beauty
Ultima II
Urban Decay
Vichy
Victoria's Secret
Wella
Yves Rocher











 Categories
Companies
People
History










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Estée_Lauder_Companies&oldid=786046724"					
Categories: Estée Lauder CompaniesCosmetics companies of the United StatesCompanies based in ManhattanHistory of cosmeticsPerfume housesAmerican companies established in 1946Manufacturing companies established in 19461946 establishments in New YorkCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Use mdy dates from May 2011All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2008All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2016Coordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoمصرىNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2017, at 22:58.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Estée Lauder Companies - Wikipedia






















 






Estée Lauder Companies

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: EL
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Cosmetics


Founded
New York City, New York, United States (1946)


Founders
Estée Lauder
Joseph Lauder


Headquarters
General Motors Building
New York City, New York, United States



Key people

William P. Lauder
(Executive Chairman)
Fabrizio Freda
(President and CEO)


Products
Skin care, Makeup, Fragrance and Haircare


Revenue
US$11.26 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

US$1.61 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

US$1.11 billion (2016)[3]


Total assets
US$9.22 billion (2016)[4]


Total equity
US$3.57 billion (2016)[5]



Number of employees

46,000 (June 2016)[6]


Website
elcompanies.com


The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. (/ˈɛsteɪ ˈlɔːdər/) is an American manufacturer and marketer of prestige skincare, makeup, fragrance and hair care products. The company owns a diverse portfolio of brands, distributed internationally through retail channels and digital commerce, and has its headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.



Contents


1 History
2 Operations and finances

2.1 Finances
2.2 Board of Directors
2.3 Executive management


3 Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign (BCA)
4 Brands
5 Controversies

5.1 SOPA
5.2 Child labor


6 Other

6.1 Boycott and anti-boycott
6.2 Animal testing


7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
The company began in 1946 when Estée Lauder and her husband Joseph Lauder began producing cosmetics in New York City. They first carried only four products: Cleansing Oil, Skin Lotion, Super Rich All purpose Creme, and Creme Pack. Two years later, in 1948 they established their first department store account with Saks Fifth Avenue in New York.
Over the next 15 years, they expanded the range and continued to sell their products in the United States. In 1960, the company started its first international account in the London department store Harrods. The following year it opened an office in Hong Kong.
In 1964, they introduced Aramis, a line of fragrance and grooming products for men named after an exotic Turkish root originally used as an aphrodisiac.[7] In 1967, Estée Lauder herself was named one of ten Outstanding Women in Business in the United States by business and financial editors[citation needed]. This was followed by a Spirit of Achievement Award from Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University in 1968. In that year, the company expanded again, opening Clinique Laboratories, Inc. Clinique was the first dermatologist guided (Dr. Norman Orentreich), allergy tested, fragrance-free cosmetic brand created by Estée Lauder.
Estée Lauder's Clinique brand became the first women's cosmetic company to introduce a second line for men when, in 1976, they began a separate line called "Skin Supplies for Men", which continues to be sold at Clinique counters worldwide. In 1981, the company's products became available in the Soviet Union.
In the 1990s, brand acquisitions and licensing agreements contributed to explosive growth as the Company transformed from a family-owned business to a publicly-traded, family-controlled organization. The decade opened with the creation of Origins — the first wellness brand in U.S. department stores. The first licensing agreement for fragrances was with fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger in 1993, followed by Kiton, an Italian fashion house (1995), and with American fashion designer Donna Karan (1997).[8]
Brand acquisitions began with an investment in the Toronto-based M•A•C Cosmetics in 1994, which the company then acquired in 1998. Bobbi Brown Cosmetics, designed by the celebrated makeup artist, was acquired in 1995, as was La Mer – along with the original recipe for its supreme luxury product, Crème de la Mer, containing the nutrient-rich Miracle Broth™. The Company ventured into its first hair care and holistic beauty brand with Aveda in 1997. The renowned fragrance house Jo Malone London was acquired in 1999.[9]
On November 17, 1995, The Estée Lauder Companies went public on the New York Stock Exchange, at $26.00 a share ($13.00 post-split). [10]
The Estée Lauder brand has had sometimes iconic spokesmodels, sometimes referred to simply as 'faces'. Past 'faces' for Estée Lauder include Karen Graham, Bruce Boxleitner, Shaun Casey, Willow Bay, Paulina Porizkova, Elizabeth Hurley, Carolyn Murphy, supermodel Liya Kebede was the first African American 'face' of Estee Lauder, Anja Rubik, and actress Gwyneth Paltrow. As of 2008[update] the main spokesmodel for Estée Lauder was supermodel Hilary Rhoda. In 2010, the company added three more faces to the roster, Chinese model Liu Wen, Puerto Rican model Joan Smalls, and French model Constance Jablonski.[11] In 2015, Estée Lauder signed model and social media sensation Kendall Jenner to introduce a new generation of beauty enthusiasts to the brand. [12]
Acquisitions and licensing continued in the 2000s as The Estée Lauder Companies bought a majority interest in Bumble & bumble, the trendy hair care salon, and completed its acquisition in 2006; an exclusive global licensing agreement was signed with fashion designer Michael Kors (2003). Designer Tom Ford begins a project with the Company and later an agreement was signed with him (2005) to develop and distribute fragrances and cosmetics under the Tom Ford Beauty brand. [13]
On July 1, 2010, the company acquired Smashbox Beauty Cosmetics, Inc., a brand created in Smashbox Studios in Culver City, California, by brothers Dean and Davis Factor (as in Max).[14]




The large Estée Lauder cosmetics counter at MYER Sydney City






Small-medium-sized pre-2013 style counter at New Zealand retailer Farmers


On October 28, 2011, Aramis and Designer Fragrances, a division of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., and Tory Burch LLC announced the signing of a multiyear agreement for the exclusive worldwide license of the Tory Burch fragrance business. This partnership marked Tory Burch's first step into the beauty industry. The first Tory Burch fragrance products were introduced in 2013.[15]
In 2012, the company launched AERIN Beauty, a luxury lifestyle beauty and fragrance brand inspired by the signature style of its founder, Aerin Lauder.
In 2014, the company acquired two insider beauty brands, RODIN olio lusso, a skin care brand renowned for its "Luxury Face Oil," and Le Labo, a fragrance and sensory lifestyle brand. In 2015, the Company acquired Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle, a fragrance brand, and GLAMGLOW, a Hollywood skin care brand.[16]
In 2016, the company acquired Becca Cosmetics, their first color cosmetic group acquisition since Smashbox in 2010.[17] In November 2016, the company made its largest acquisition to date by acquiring California-based cosmetics company Too Faced for USD$1.45 billion.[18]
Operations and finances[edit]
Finances[edit]
For fiscal year 2016, the Estée Lauder Companies achieved net sales of $11.26 billion, a 4% increase compared with $10.78 billion in the prior year. Net earnings for the year were $1.11 billion, a 2% increase compared with $1.09 billion last year, and diluted net earnings per common share rose 5% to $2.96, compared with $2.82 reported in the prior year.[19]
Board of Directors[edit]
Current members of the Board of Directors of Estée Lauder Companies Inc. are: Charlene Barshefsky, Rose Marie Bravo, Lynn Forester de Rothschild, Fabrizio Freda, Paul J. Fribourg, Wei Sun Christianson, Mellody Hobson, Irvine Hockaday, Jane Lauder, Leonard A. Lauder, Ronald S. Lauder, William P. Lauder, Richard Parsons, Barry Sternlicht and Richard F. Zannino. [20]
Executive management[edit]
Leonard A. Lauder is Chairman Emeritus. William P. Lauder is Executive Chairman. Fabrizio Freda is President and Chief Executive Officer.[21]
Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign (BCA)[edit]
In October 1992, the BCA campaign was launched by Evelyn Lauder (Estée's daughter in law) who co-created the "Pink Ribbon" with SELF magazine as a symbol of breast health. Since then, millions of people globally have heard the message about the importance of breast health and early detection can save lives. The Estée Lauder Companies’ annual Breast Cancer Awareness campaign involves all of the 18 brands that make up the Estée Lauder Companies. They collectively represent The Breast Cancer Research Foundation’s first and largest corporate supporter. Estée's daughter-in-law created BCRF's signature pink ribbon.
Over $10 million were raised for the Breast Cancer Research Foundation between 1993 and summer 2003. Another $1 million were raised from their retail partners between July 2002 and summer 2003.[22]
Brands[edit]
The Estée Lauder Companies brands include:[23]



Cosmetics

AERIN
BECCA
Bobbi Brown
Clinique
Darphin
DECIEM[24]
Estée Lauder
GLAMGLOW
La Mer
Lab Series
M∙A∙C
Origins
Prescriptives
Smashbox
Too Faced[25]
Tom Ford Beauty


Fragrance

Aramis
By Kilian[26]
DKNY Fragrances
Donna Karan Cosmetics
Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle
Ermenegildo Zegna Perfumes
Jo Malone London
Kiton
Le Labo
Michael Kors Beauty
RODIN olio lusso[27]
Tommy Hilfiger Toiletries
Tom Ford Beauty
Tory Burch Beauty

Haircare

Aveda
Bumble and Bumble





Controversies[edit]
SOPA[edit]
Estée Lauder Companies appeared on lists of major companies supporting SOPA, the controversial, but unsuccessful, Congressional anti-piracy bill that was considered overreaching by critics.[28][29]
Child labor[edit]
In 2001, it was reported that children were discovered working in a factory in Cambridge, New York making products for Origins, one of Estee Lauder's natural products brands.[citation needed] The company immediately moved to terminate the contract with the manufacturer it had been in business with for 5 years, claiming it was totally unaware prior to the initial inspection.
Other[edit]
Boycott and anti-boycott[edit]
Since at least February 2001, Estée Lauder and its brands have been the target of a boycott campaign. The boycott has been led by pro-Palestinian activists who have targeted the corporation because of the pro-Israel activities of Ronald Lauder.[30][31] In June 2003, the San Francisco-based Queers Undermining Israeli Terrorism (QUIT) took up the boycott with their "Estée Slaughter" campaign.[32] The boycott has generated an anti-boycott campaign by supporters of Israel.[33]
Animal testing[edit]
The Estée Lauder Companies performs non-animal and human volunteer testing to assess product safety and efficacy. The Estée Lauder Companies does perform animal testing where required by law. The Chinese government requires testing on animals for many cosmetic products.[34] This causes controversy for smaller brands that are "cruelty free" but were bought out by Estée Lauder. Estée Lauder becomes the parent company of the smaller brand and profits through the smaller brand. Customers are concerned that by continuing to purchase from these previously cruelty free brands that they may contributing to animal testing via parent companies.
References[edit]


^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/EL/financials?p=EL
^ https://otp.tools.investis.com/clients/us/estee_lauder1/SEC/sec-show.aspx?FilingId=11561623&Cik=0001001250&Type=PDF&hasPdf=1
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments#1964-aramis
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ "The New Faces of Beauty: Of the Minute". models.com. Retrieved 2010-04-16. 
^ http://fashionista.com/2014/11/kendall-jenner-estee-lauder
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/who-we-are/key-moments
^ "ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES - Investor Relations - News Release". Investors.elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES - Investor Relations - News Release". Investors.elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Fact Sheet FY 2014". Elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ https://www.elcompanies.com/news-and-media/newsroom/company-features/2016/welcoming-becca-to-the-estee-lauder-companies
^ "Did Too Faced Founders Cash Out Too Early? Sale To Estee Lauder Suggests Yes". Forbes.com. 2016-11-15. Retrieved 2017-02-15. 
^ http://www.elcompanies.com/~/media/Files/E/Estee-Lauder/investors/toolkit/4qtr16.pdf
^ "ESTEE LAUDER COMPANIES-CL A (EL:New York): Board of Directors - Businessweek". Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Our Leaders". Elcompanies.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Summer 2003 BCRF newsletter: Estée Lauder Companies Update". Web. April 4, 2005. Archived from the original on April 4, 2005. Retrieved May 22, 2011. 
^ "Our Brands". Elcompanies.com. 2011-03-22. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "The Estée Lauder Companies Invests in DECIEM, the Abnormal Beauty Company". Estée Lauder Companies. 15 June 2017. Retrieved 17 June 2017. 
^ "Why Estee Lauder Is Buying This Cosmetics Brand for $1.45 Billion". Fortune. 15 November 2016. Retrieved 15 November 2016. 
^ http://elcompanies.com/Pages/PressReleaseStory.aspx?ReleaseId=1855
^ "The Estée Lauder Companies Acquires RODIN olio lusso". Elcompanies.com. 2014-10-31. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "All the Companies Supporting SOPA, the Awful Internet Censorship Law—and How to Contact Them". Gizmodo.com. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "List of Supporters: H.R. 3261, the Stop Online Piracy Act" (PDF). Judiciary.house.gov. Retrieved 2015-07-17. 
^ "Boycott Israel Campaign". Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "American Muslims for Jerusalem have called for a boycott of Estee Lauder products". Snopes. Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "Queers Undermining Israeli Terrorism". Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ "Armchair Activist: Buy Estee Lauder Products". May 11, 2001. Archived from the original on June 7, 2002. Retrieved August 6, 2006. 
^ [1]


External links[edit]


New York City portal
Companies portal



Estée Lauder Companies Inc. website
Instagram
LinkedIn

Coordinates: 40°45′49″N 73°58′22″W﻿ / ﻿40.76361°N 73.97278°W﻿ / 40.76361; -73.97278






v
t
e


Estée Lauder Companies



Lauder family



Estée Lauder Founder
William P. Lauder Executive Chairman
Leonard Lauder Chairman Emeritus
Aerin Lauder Creative Director
Jane Lauder Global President





People



Fabrizio Freda President and CEO
John Dempsey Group President





Brands



AERIN
Bobbi Brown
Clinique
Darphin
Estée Lauder
GoodSkin Labs
GLAMGLOW
Jo Malone London
La Mer
LAB Series
MAC Cosmetics
Prescriptives
Origins
Osiao
Smashbox





Fragrance



Aramis
Coach
Donna Karan
Ermenegildo Zegna
Kiton
Marni
Michael Kors
Le Labo
RODIN olio lusso
Tom Ford
Tommy Hilfiger
Tory Burch





Haircare



Aveda
Bumble and bumble
Ojon








 Categories
Estée Lauder Companies
Lauder family












v
t
e


Cosmetics



Face



Anti-aging cream
BB cream
Botulinum toxin (Botox)
Concealer
Cleanser
Facial
Facial toning
Foundation
Moisturizer
Permanent makeup
Primer
Powder
Rouge
Skin whitening
Toner
Veil
Venetian ceruse





Lips



Lipstick
Gloss
Liner
Plumper
Stain
Balm





Eyes



Blepharoplasty
Circle contact lens
Eyelash extensions
Eyelid glue
Eye liner
Eye shadow
Kohl
Mascara





Hair



Conditioner
Hair coloring and bleaching
Removal

chemical
electric
laser
IPL
plucking
shaving
threading
waxing


Shampoo
Styling
Styling products

gel
mousse
pomade
spray
wax







Nails



Artificial nails
Buffing
Manicure
Nail polish
Pedicure





Body



Body powder
Cold cream
Lotion
Cosmetic surgery
Peeling
Skin whitening





Related topics



Cosmetic electrotherapy
Cosmetic ingredients
Cosmetics advertising
Cosmetology
History of cosmetics










Major cosmetic brands






Ahava
Almay
AmorePacific
Anna Sui
Artistry
Aveda
Avon
Bath & Body Works
Benefit
Biotherm
Bobbi Brown
The Body Shop
Bonne Bell
Brihans Natural Products
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Cargo
Carol's Daughter
Clarins
Clinique
Coty
CoverGirl
Creme 21
Cutex
Daigaku Honyaku Center
Elizabeth Arden
Estée Lauder
Eyes Lips Face
Faberge
Farmec
Hard Candy
Helena Rubinstein
Kao Corporation
Kevyn Aucoin
Kiehl's
La Mer
Lancôme
Laneige
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier Cosmetics
Lise Watier
L'Oréal
L'occitane
Love Cosmetics
Lush
MAC Cosmetics
Mary Kay
Max Factor
Maybelline
Missha
Molton Brown
NARS
Natura
Natural Wonder
Neal's Yard Remedies
Neutrogena
Nexxus
Nivea
O Boticário
OPI
Oriflame
Origins
Paula Begoun
Pond's Creams
Red Earth
Revlon
Richard Hudnut
Rimmel
Sephora
Shiseido
Shu Uemura
SimplySiti
SK-II
SkinCeuticals
Stila
ULTA Beauty
Ultima II
Urban Decay
Vichy
Victoria's Secret
Wella
Yves Rocher











 Categories
Companies
People
History










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Estée_Lauder_Companies&oldid=786046724"					
Categories: Estée Lauder CompaniesCosmetics companies of the United StatesCompanies based in ManhattanHistory of cosmeticsPerfume housesAmerican companies established in 1946Manufacturing companies established in 19461946 establishments in New YorkCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Use mdy dates from May 2011All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2008All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2016Coordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskDeutschفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoمصرىNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2017, at 22:58.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 



The Estée Lauder Companies Names John Demsey Executive Group President; Jane Hertzmark Hudis Promoted to Group President | Business Wire
























































The Estée Lauder Companies Names John Demsey 
      Executive Group President; Jane Hertzmark Hudis Promoted to Group 
      President






November 20, 2015 08:30 AM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. (NYSE:EL) today announced the following 
      executive appointments, effective January 1, 2016:
    



John Demsey will expand his responsibilities and 
        become Executive Group President, The Estée Lauder 
        Companies. Mr. Demsey will add Clinique and the Men’s Skincare 
        Group to his portfolio while continuing to oversee Aramis and Designer 
        Fragrances, Prescriptives, M•A•C Cosmetics (“M•A•C”), Bobbi Brown, Jo 
        Malone London, Bumble and bumble, Tom Ford, Smashbox, RODIN olio 
        lusso, Le Labo, Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle and GLAMGLOW. In 
        his role, Mr. Demsey will also lead a newly created Center of 
        Excellence for Creative, continuing to advance capabilities, processes 
        and talent development in this important area for the Company.
      

Jane Hertzmark Hudis will become Group President, The Estée 
        Lauder Companies. Ms. Hudis will continue to 
        lead the Company’s Estée Lauder and AERIN brands while adding La Mer, 
        Darphin, Origins and Aveda to her portfolio. Ms. Hudis will also join 
        several leadership committees within the Company.
      


      Both executives will report directly to Fabrizio Freda, President and 
      Chief Executive Officer. These appointments follow the previously 
      announced retirement of Lynne Greene, Group President, and are part of 
      the Company’s continuous organizational evolution to further align its 
      expanding portfolio of brands while providing key leaders with increased 
      opportunities. Ms. Greene will work closely with Mr. Demsey and Ms. 
      Hudis to help ensure a seamless transition of responsibilities, as Ms. 
      Greene prepares to retire on June 30, 2016.
    

      Mr. Freda said, “These appointments for John and Jane recognize their 
      strong leadership and unparalleled ability to drive the continued future 
      success of our diverse portfolio of prestige brands. They also have a 
      keen understanding of our key strategic initiatives, including 
      Creativity, Innovation, Digital and Emerging Market growth, and have 
      demonstrated relentless commitment and leadership to advancing our 
      business in these areas. I look forward to continuing to work closely 
      with Jane and John on their increased responsibilities.”
    

      Mr. Demsey has served as Group President, The Estée Lauder Companies, 
      since July 2006. After joining the Company in 1991, Mr. Demsey held 
      numerous positions of increasing responsibility, including his 
      appointment in 1998 to President of M•A•C which, under his leadership, 
      grew from a small, niche makeup artist brand to a global cosmetics 
      powerhouse distributed in more than 100 countries/territories worldwide. 
      Mr. Demsey has overseen the continued success and expansion of many 
      brands in the Company’s portfolio, including several of the Company’s 
      fastest growing brands, such as Tom Ford, Jo Malone London and Smashbox. 
      He has also been an integral enterprise leader on many organizational 
      transformation activities, including the Company’s recent acquisitions.
    

      “John is well-known across the industry as a strong business leader and 
      a creative visionary. His extraordinary creative taste makes him an 
      ideal fit to also become be the leader of an enterprise-wide Creative 
      Center of Excellence, helping to drive our renowned competitive 
      advantage in this area through the advancement of Creative capabilities, 
      processes and talent development,” Mr. Freda added.
    

      Ms. Hudis was appointed Global Brand President, Estée Lauder, in July 
      2009. She has been dedicated to building on Estee Lauder's rich heritage 
      to bring the brand to a new generation of global consumers. Under her 
      leadership, the brand's net sales have grown more than 40 percent. 
      Additionally, Ms. Hudis’ extraordinary insights and knowledge of the 
      Asian consumer helped drive Estée Lauder to be the number one prestige 
      brand in its distribution in Asia. Before assuming her current role, Ms. 
      Hudis served as President of the Company’s Origins brand as well as 
      BeautyBank, a division she founded in 2003 to develop innovative new 
      brand concepts for The Estée Lauder Companies.
    

      Mr. Freda continued, “Jane’s expanded portfolio of brands will strongly 
      benefit from her best-in-class leadership as an excellent brand marketer 
      with a strong commitment to quality. She is also widely recognized for 
      her expertise in local relevance − tailoring product innovation and 
      marketing to our consumers − and her excellent ability to grow brand 
      appeal across multiple generations, from ageless consumers to 
      millennials.”
    

      “Throughout his outstanding career, John has overseen the continued 
      success and expansion of many brands in the Company’s portfolio. The new 
      additions to John’s portfolio, Clinique and the Men’s Skincare Group, 
      will benefit from his unique business talent and world-class 
      creativity,” said William P. Lauder, Executive Chairman. “Jane has a 
      longstanding tenure of leading both small and big brands with deep 
      heritage, authenticity, and unique brand positioning. The addition of La 
      Mer, Darphin, Origins and Aveda to her portfolio is a natural fit for 
      Jane to leverage her brand building expertise to further elevate and 
      grow these brands.”
    

      “I had the unique pleasure of bringing both John and Jane into the 
      Company early on in their careers, and I’m proud to see them taking on 
      even more leadership responsibilities. They bring innovation, 
      creativity, style and a distinctly modern approach to our Company—all of 
      which are vital to our business as they lead our brands into the 
      future,” said Leonard A. Lauder, Chairman Emeritus.
    

About The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.


      The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. is one of the world’s leading 
      manufacturers and marketers of quality skin care, makeup, fragrance and 
      hair care products. The Company’s products are sold in over 150 
      countries and territories under brand names including: Estée Lauder, 
      Aramis, Clinique, Prescriptives, Lab Series, Origins, Tommy Hilfiger, 
      M•A•C, Kiton, La Mer, Bobbi Brown, Donna Karan New York, DKNY, Aveda, Jo 
      Malone London, Bumble and bumble, Michael Kors, Darphin, Tom Ford, 
      Smashbox, Ermenegildo Zegna, AERIN, Marni, Tory Burch, RODIN olio lusso, 
      Le Labo, Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle and GLAMGLOW.
    




Contacts

      The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.Media Relations:Alexandra 
      Trower, 212-572-4430orInvestor Relations:Dennis 
      D’Andrea, 212-572-4384
    



















Contacts

      The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.Media Relations:Alexandra 
      Trower, 212-572-4430orInvestor Relations:Dennis 
      D’Andrea, 212-572-4384
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 











Estee Lauder Women's Perfume | belk


















Valentine's Day Sale | Offer Ends Saturday


$10OFF50


$20OFF100


$30OFF150


regular & sale purchase * *Exculsions Apply | View Details
	    









Gift Cards
Coupons






Gift Cards
Belk Rewards Card
Coupons






Find in Store







Wish List
Registry



Sign In
















What can we help you find?


Search











0









Gift Cards
Coupons






Gift Cards
Belk Rewards Card
Coupons





Menu






What can we help you find?


Search






FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $99




FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $99










Women







Women's Clothing





Activewear




Bras, Panties & Lingerie




Capris




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Swimwear




Tops






Plus Clothing





Activewear




Bras, Panties & Lingerie




Capris




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Swimwear




Tops






Petite Clothing





Activewear




Capris




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Swimwear




Tops






Featured Shops





Contemporary




Designer




Dresses By Occasion














Women's Clothing





Activewear




Blazers




Bras, Panties & Lingerie




Capris




Coats & Jackets




Dresses




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Leggings




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Sweaters




Swimwear




Tops




Find In Store Test






Plus Clothing





Activewear




Bras, Panties & Lingerie




Blazers




Capris




Coats & Jackets




Dresses




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Leggings




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Sweaters




Swimwear




Tops






Petite Clothing





Activewear




Blazers




Capris




Coats & Jackets




Dresses




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Leggings




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Sweaters




Swimwear




Tops






Featured Shops





Contemporary




Designer




Dresses By Occasion




Fan Gear

















Men







Men's Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Suits & Sport Coats




Swim Trunks






Big & Tall Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Suits & Sport Coats




Swim Trunks






Young Men's Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Suits & Sport Coats




Swim Trunks






Men's Accessories





Belts & Suspenders




Cuff Links




Lapel Pins




Money Clips




Sunglasses




Tie Bars




Ties & Pocket Squares




Wallets














Men's Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Sport Coats




Sweaters




Swim Trunks




Underwear




Fan Gear




Hoodies & Sweatshirts






Big & Tall Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Sport Coats




Sweaters




Swim Trunks




Underwear




Test  Category




Hoodies & Sweatshirts






Young Men's Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Sport Coats




Sweaters




Swim Trunks




Underwear




Hoodies & Sweatshirts






Men's Accessories





Belts & Suspenders




Cuff Links




Gifts & Gadgets




Gloves




Hats




Lapel Pins




Money Clips




Scarves




Sunglasses




Tie Bars




Ties & Pocket Squares




Umbrellas




Wallets






Featured Shops





Designer




Fan Gear




Uniforms & Workwear




Golf Style




Outdoor Gear




Stretch

















Juniors







Juniors' Clothing





Activewear




Bras & Panties




Capris




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Swimsuits




Tops






Juniors' Plus Clothing





Activewear




Bras & Panties




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Swimsuits




Tops






Featured Shops





Fashion Under $25




Homecoming & Prom














Juniors' Clothing





Activewear




Blazers & Jackets




Bras & Panties




Capris




Coats




Dresses




Fan Gear




Graphic Tees




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




School Uniforms




Shorts




Skirts




Sweaters




Swimsuits




Tops






Juniors' Plus Clothing





Activewear




Blazers & Jackets




Bras & Panties




Capris




Coats




Dresses




Graphic Tees




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




School Uniforms




Shorts




Skirts




Sweaters




Swimsuits




Tops






Featured Shops





Fan Gear




Fashion Under $25




Homecoming & Prom

















Kids & Baby







Shop by Size





Toddler Boys




Boys' (4-7)




Boys' (8-20)




Boys' Husky




Toddler Girls




Girls' (4-6x)




Girls' (7-16)




Girls' Plus






Baby Clothing





Activewear




Dresses




Jeans




One-pieces




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts & Tops




Shorts




Suits & Dresswear




Swimwear






Girls' Clothing





Activewear




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Sets & Outfits




Shorts




Skirts & Skorts




Swimsuits




Tops






Boys' Clothing





Activewear




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Sets & Outfits




Shirts & Tops




Shorts




Suits & Dresswear




Swim Trunks






Kids' Toys & Games





Arts & Crafts




Dolls




Dress-Up




Educational Toys




Games & Puzzles




Stuffed Animals




Outdoor Play














Shop by Size





Toddler Boys




Boys' (4-7)




Boys' (8-20)




Boys' Husky




Toddler Girls




Girls' (4-6x)




Girls' (7-16)




Girls' Plus






Baby Clothing





Accessories




Activewear




Character Apparel




Dresses




Fan Gear




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




One-pieces




Outfits & Sets




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts & Tops




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Dresswear




Sweaters




Swimwear






Girls' Clothing





Accessories




Activewear




Character Apparel




Dresses




Fan Gear




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Pajamas




Pants




School Uniforms




Sets & Outfits




Shorts




Skirts & Skorts




Socks




Sweaters




Swimsuits




Tops




Underwear




Capris






Boys' Clothing





Accessories




Activewear




Character Apparel




Fan Gear




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




School Uniforms




Sets & Outfits




Shirts & Tops




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Dresswear




Sweaters




Swim Trunks




Underwear




Hoodies & Sweatshirts






Baby Essentials





Baby Booties




Bath Accessories




Bibs & Burp Cloths




Diaper Bags




Keepsakes & Milestones




Nursing Covers




Pacifiers




Toys






Kids' Toys & Games





Arts & Crafts




Dolls




Dress-Up




Educational Toys




Games & Puzzles




Stuffed Animals




Outdoor Play






Nursery & Decor





Baby Bedding




Diapering & Storage




Mobiles & Soothers




Nursery Decor






Featured Shops





Activewear




Character Apparel




Dresswear




Fan Gear




School Uniforms




Summer Swim

















Beauty







Makeup





Eye Makeup




Face Makeup




Lip Makeup




Makeup Removers




Makeup Tools




Palettes & Sets






Fragrances





Women's Perfumes




Men's Cologne




Fragrance Gift & Value Sets




Deodorants






Skin Care





Cleansers




Gift & Value Sets




Moisturizers




Sun Care




Tools & Accessories




Treatments & Serums






Bath & Body





Body Scrubs




Gift & Value Sets




Moisturizers




Self Tanners




Soaps & Body Washes




Hand Cream














Makeup





Eye Makeup




Face Makeup




Lip Makeup




Makeup Removers




Makeup Tools




Palettes & Sets






Fragrances





Women's Perfumes




Men's Cologne




Fragrance Gift & Value Sets




Deodorants






Skin Care





Cleansers




Exfoliators




Gift & Value Sets




Moisturizers




Sun Care




Toners & Mists




Tools & Accessories




Treatments & Serums






Bath & Body





Body Scrubs




Foot Care




Gift & Value Sets




Moisturizers




Self Tanners




Soaps & Body Washes




Bath Bombs




Hand Cream






Nails





Gift & Value Sets




Manicure & Pedicure Tools




Nail Art




Nail Polish






Beauty Accessories





Brushes & Tools




Cosmetic Bags




Mirrors






Hair Care





Curling Irons




Flat Irons




Hair Dryers




Hair Rollers




Hair Treatments




Shampoos & Conditioners




Styling Products






Men's Grooming





Gift & Value Sets




Hair & Body Care




Shaving




Skin Care




Men's Cologne






Featured Shops





Beauty Gifts & Sets




Contemporary Beauty




How-To Videos




Summer Beauty




Travel Size Beauty

















Shoes







Women's Shoes





Boots




Clogs & Mules




Flats




Heels & Pumps




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Men's Shoes





Boots




Casual Shoes




Dress Shoes




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Juniors' Shoes





Boots




Clogs & Mules




Flats




Heels & Pumps




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Kids' Shoes





Baby Shoes




Boys' Shoes




Girls' Shoes














Women's Shoes





Boots




Clogs & Mules




Flats




Heels & Pumps




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Men's Shoes





Boots




Casual Shoes




Dress Shoes




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Juniors' Shoes





Boots




Clogs & Mules




Flats




Heels & Pumps




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Kids' Shoes





Baby Shoes




Boys' Shoes




Girls' Shoes






Shoe Accessories




Featured Shops





Comfort Shoes




Designer




Narrow Widths




Wide Widths

















Handbags & Accessories







Purses & Handbags





Clutches & Evening Bags




Crossbody Bags




Hobo Bags




Mini Bags




Satchels




Shoulder Bags




Totes






Women's Accessories





Belts




Gloves




Hair Accessories




Hats




Hosiery & Tights




Scarves & Wraps




Socks




Sunglasses






Stationery & Gifts





Agendas & Planners




Desk Accessories




Notebooks & Journals




Notecards




Pens & Pencils






Women's Wallets












Purses & Handbags





Backpack Purses




Clutches & Evening Bags




Crossbody Bags




Hobo Bags




Mini Bags




Satchels




Shoulder Bags




Totes






Women's Accessories





Belts




Ear Warmers




Gloves




Hair Accessories




Hats




Hosiery & Tights




Phone Cases




Reading Glasses




Scarves & Wraps




Socks




Sunglasses




Umbrellas






Small Accessories





Card Cases




Coin Purses




Keychains & Fobs




Phone & Tablet Cases




Pill Boxes




Purse Charms






Stationery & Gifts





Agendas & Planners




Desk Accessories




Notebooks & Journals




Notecards




Pens & Pencils






Women's Wallets




Featured Shops





Designer




Fan Gear

















Jewelry







Fashion Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings






Fine Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings






Watches





Men's Watches




Women's Watches




Smart Watches






Men's Jewelry





Bracelets




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings














Fashion Jewelry





Bracelets




Charms & Beads




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings




Brooches & Pins






Fine Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings






Watches





Men's Watches




Women's Watches




Children's Watches




Smart Watches






Men's Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings






Children's Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces






Jewelry Boxes




Jewelry Care




Featured Shops





Fan Gear




Personalized Jewelry




Wedding Jewelry

















Bed & Bath







Bedding Basics





Bed Pillows




Bedding Accessories




Blankets




Down & Down Alternative Comforters




Mattress Pads




Sheets




Pillowcases & Protectors






Bedding





Bed in a Bag




Bed Skirts




Bedding Collections




Bedspreads




Comforters




Daybed Covers




Duvet Covers




Quilts




Throw Pillows




Throws




Pillow Shams






Bath





Accessories & Sets




Bath Rugs & Mats




Bath Towels




Bathroom Storage & Organizers




Beach Towels




Digital Scales




Shower Curtains




Bath Collections














Bedding Basics





Bed Pillows




Bedding Accessories




Blankets




Down & Down Alternative Comforters




Mattress Pads




Sheets




Pillowcases & Protectors






Bedding





Bed in a Bag




Bed Skirts




Bedding Collections




Bedspreads




Comforters




Daybed Covers




Duvet Covers




Quilts




Throw Pillows




Throws




Pillow Shams






Bath





Accessories & Sets




Bath Rugs & Mats




Bath Towels




Bathroom Storage & Organizers




Beach Towels




Digital Scales




Shower Curtains




Bath Collections






Featured Shops





Sleep Cool

















for the home







Bed & Bath




Dining





Dinnerware




Drinkware




Serveware




Silverware




Table Linens






Home Decor





Candles & Fragrance




Clocks




Decorative Baskets




Floral




Lamps & Lighting




Mirrors




Picture Frames




Rugs




Wall Art




Window Treatments






Kitchen





Appliances




Bakeware




Coffee & Tea




Cookware




Cutlery




Grilling & BBQ




Linens & Rugs




Gadgets




Storage & Organization






Furniture





Barstools




Bookcases & Shelves




Chairs




Coffee & Side Tables




Fireplaces




Trunks & Benches




Wine Racks






Travel





Backpacks




Laptop Cases & Briefcases




Luggage




Messenger Bags




Throws & Pillows






Outdoor Living















Bed & Bath




Dining





Dinnerware




Drinkware




Picnic Baskets




Serveware




Silverware




Table Linens






Home Decor





Candles & Fragrance




Clocks




Collectibles




Decorative Accents




Decorative Baskets




Floral




Lamps & Lighting




Mirrors




Picture Frames




Rugs




Wall Art




Window Treatments






Kitchen





Appliances




Bakeware




Coffee & Tea




Cookware




Cutlery




Grilling & BBQ




Linens & Rugs




Gadgets




Storage & Organization






Electronics





Fans & Heaters




Music & Audio




Novelty Electronics




Phones




Tech Accessories




TV & Video






Fan Gear





Fan Appliances




Fan Decor




Fan Drinkware




Fan Luggage & Bags




Fan Serveware




Fan Tailgating






Furniture





Air Mattresses




Barstools




Bookcases & Shelves




Buffets & Servers




Chairs




Coffee & Side Tables




Desks




Dressers & Chests




Fireplaces




Hall Tree




Mattresses




Ottomans




Tables




Trunks & Benches




Wine Racks






Gourmet Gifts




Organization & Cleaning





Brooms & Mops




Garment Steamers




Home Organization




Ironing Boards




Irons




Laundry Hampers




Trash Cans




Vacuums






Personal Care





Air Purifiers




Dental Care




Fitness Trackers




Humidifiers




Spa & Massage




Specialty Care




Yoga Equipment






Holidays





Christmas






Travel





Backpacks




Laptop Cases & Briefcases




Luggage




Luggage Collections




Messenger Bags




Throws & Pillows




Travel Accessories






Pet Accessories




Car Accessories




Outdoor Living





Dining & Entertainment




Outdoor Storage




Patio & Garden




Outdoor Grilling




Sports & Recreation














Clearance























Women's Clearance






Men's Clearance






Juniors' Clearance






Kids & Baby Clearance






Beauty Clearance






Shoes Clearance






Handbags & Accessories Clearance






Jewelry Clearance






Bed & Bath Clearance






For The Home Clearance














Women's Clearance






Men's Clearance






Juniors' Clearance






Kids & Baby Clearance






Beauty Clearance






Shoes Clearance






Handbags & Accessories Clearance






Jewelry Clearance






Bed & Bath Clearance






For The Home Clearance
















Sign In



Find in Store




Gift Cards
Coupons






Gift Cards
Belk Rewards Card
Coupons







Wish List
Registry

























Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.




Back to Fragrances 



Home
Shop By Brand
Estee Lauder
Fragrances
 Women's Perfume 






Products Found (50)

Sort By:

Filter By

Sort By:



Sort By:


Featured
Best Match
New Arrivals
Price (Low to High)
Price (High to Low)
Average Rating

Featured

Featured

Best Match

New Arrivals

Price (Low to High)

Price (High to Low)

Average Rating



Go




Viewing


1-50

of 50

























Top Rated






Estée Lauder pleasures Eau de Parfum Rollerball











$26.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Eau de Parfum Rollerball




$26.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Chic Eau de Parfum Rollerball




$25.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Bronze Goddess Eau Fraiche Skinscent




Orig. $75.00
Now $60.00 - $75.00


Multiple Offers Available















View All Colors (2) 





































Top Rated






Estée Lauder Tuscany Per Donna Eau de Parfum Spray











$53.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Pleasures Eau de Parfum Spray




$125.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder 'pleasures' Eau de Parfum Spray .5 oz.




$30.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Youth-Dew Bath Oil 2 oz.




$42.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Youth-Dew Eau de Parfum Spray 1.8 oz.




$38.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder 'pleasures' Eau de Parfum Spray 3.4 oz.




$92.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Beautiful Eau de Toilette, 1.7 oz




$62.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Le Rouge Eau de Parfum, 1.0 oz




$68.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Beautiful Sheer Eau de Parfum Spray 2.5 oz.




$80.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Youth-Dew Bath Oil 1 oz.




$35.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Pure White Linen Eau de Parfum Spray 3.4 oz.




$88.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Knowing Eau de Parfum Spray 2.5 oz.




$85.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Aliage Sport Fragrance Spray











$53.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder White Linen Parfum Spray, 2.5 oz.




$67.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Le Rouge, 3.4 oz




$120.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Eau de Parfum Spray, 1.0 fl. oz.




$68.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Eau de Parfum Spray, 3.4 fl. oz.




$120.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Beyond Paradise Eau de Parfum Spray




$68.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Eau de Parfum Spray, 1.7 fl. oz.




$88.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Private Collection Tuberose Gardenia Eau de Parfum, 2.5 oz.




$160.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Le Rouge Eau de Parfum, 1.7 oz




$88.00



Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder Cinnabar Fragrance Spray











$53.00



Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder Intuition Eau de Parfum Spray











$68.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Beautiful Eau de Parfum Spray 2.5 oz.




$80.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder 'pleasures' Eau de Parfum Spray 1.7 oz.




$68.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Pure White Linen Light Breeze Eau de Parfum Spray, 1.7 oz.




$67.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder White Linen Parfum Spray 3 oz.




$75.00



Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder Spellbound Eau de Parfum Spray











$68.00



Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder Private Collection Pure Fragrance Spray











$64.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Beautiful Eau de Parfum Spray 1 oz.




$58.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Azurée Pure Fragrance Spray




$53.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Beautiful Eau de Parfum Spray




$125.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Knowing Eau de Parfum Spray 1 oz.




$60.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Private Collection Tuberose Gardenia Parfum




$350.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Este Lauder Beautiful Eau de Toilette Spray




$30.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder pleasures intense Eau de Parfum Spray, 4.2 fl. oz.




$92.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Private Collection Tuberose Gardenia Eau de Parfum, 1.0 oz.




$95.00



Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder Youth-Dew Dusting Powder Box











$37.00



Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder Super Eau de Parfum Spray











$53.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Beautiful Eau de Parfum Spray, 3.4 oz




$92.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Le Rouge Gloss Eau de Parfum Spray, 1.7 fl. oz.




Orig. $88.00
Now $44.00


Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder Beautiful Eau de Parfum Rollerball











$26.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Le Rouge To Go




$85.00



Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder 'pleasures intense' Eau de Parfum Spray











$68.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Youth-Dew Eau de Parfum Spray 2.25 oz.




$39.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Le Rouge Gloss Eau de Parfum Spray, 3.4 fl. oz.




Orig. $120.00
Now $60.00


Multiple Offers Available









Sort By:
Sort By:

Viewing


1-50

of 50





Back to Top







Refine Your Results By:


Fragrances








Men's Cologne






Women's Perfume








Back to Fragrances







Filter By...


Clear All



Size








One Size
(50)








Color









Purple
(1)








Black
(13)




View More
View Less







Price







$20 - $49.99
(12)






$50 - $99.99
(32)






$100 - $499.99
(6)




-
Go


Clear Price





OrangeYellowPinkRedPurpleBlueGreenBeigeBrownWhiteGreyBlackMulti






























 











Beauty, Skincare, Makeup & Fragrance | belk


















Valentine's Day Sale | Offer Ends Saturday


$10OFF50


$20OFF100


$30OFF150


regular & sale purchase * *Exculsions Apply | View Details
	    









Gift Cards
Coupons






Gift Cards
Belk Rewards Card
Coupons






Find in Store







Wish List
Registry



Sign In
















What can we help you find?


Search











0









Gift Cards
Coupons






Gift Cards
Belk Rewards Card
Coupons





Menu






What can we help you find?


Search






FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $99




FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $99










Women







Women's Clothing





Activewear




Bras, Panties & Lingerie




Capris




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Swimwear




Tops






Plus Clothing





Activewear




Bras, Panties & Lingerie




Capris




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Swimwear




Tops






Petite Clothing





Activewear




Capris




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Swimwear




Tops






Featured Shops





Contemporary




Designer




Dresses By Occasion














Women's Clothing





Activewear




Blazers




Bras, Panties & Lingerie




Capris




Coats & Jackets




Dresses




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Leggings




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Sweaters




Swimwear




Tops




Find In Store Test






Plus Clothing





Activewear




Bras, Panties & Lingerie




Blazers




Capris




Coats & Jackets




Dresses




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Leggings




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Sweaters




Swimwear




Tops






Petite Clothing





Activewear




Blazers




Capris




Coats & Jackets




Dresses




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Leggings




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Sweaters




Swimwear




Tops






Featured Shops





Contemporary




Designer




Dresses By Occasion




Fan Gear

















Men







Men's Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Suits & Sport Coats




Swim Trunks






Big & Tall Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Suits & Sport Coats




Swim Trunks






Young Men's Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Suits & Sport Coats




Swim Trunks






Men's Accessories





Belts & Suspenders




Cuff Links




Lapel Pins




Money Clips




Sunglasses




Tie Bars




Ties & Pocket Squares




Wallets














Men's Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Sport Coats




Sweaters




Swim Trunks




Underwear




Fan Gear




Hoodies & Sweatshirts






Big & Tall Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Sport Coats




Sweaters




Swim Trunks




Underwear




Test  Category




Hoodies & Sweatshirts






Young Men's Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Sport Coats




Sweaters




Swim Trunks




Underwear




Hoodies & Sweatshirts






Men's Accessories





Belts & Suspenders




Cuff Links




Gifts & Gadgets




Gloves




Hats




Lapel Pins




Money Clips




Scarves




Sunglasses




Tie Bars




Ties & Pocket Squares




Umbrellas




Wallets






Featured Shops





Designer




Fan Gear




Uniforms & Workwear




Golf Style




Outdoor Gear




Stretch

















Juniors







Juniors' Clothing





Activewear




Bras & Panties




Capris




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Swimsuits




Tops






Juniors' Plus Clothing





Activewear




Bras & Panties




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Swimsuits




Tops






Featured Shops





Fashion Under $25




Homecoming & Prom














Juniors' Clothing





Activewear




Blazers & Jackets




Bras & Panties




Capris




Coats




Dresses




Fan Gear




Graphic Tees




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




School Uniforms




Shorts




Skirts




Sweaters




Swimsuits




Tops






Juniors' Plus Clothing





Activewear




Blazers & Jackets




Bras & Panties




Capris




Coats




Dresses




Graphic Tees




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




School Uniforms




Shorts




Skirts




Sweaters




Swimsuits




Tops






Featured Shops





Fan Gear




Fashion Under $25




Homecoming & Prom

















Kids & Baby







Shop by Size





Toddler Boys




Boys' (4-7)




Boys' (8-20)




Boys' Husky




Toddler Girls




Girls' (4-6x)




Girls' (7-16)




Girls' Plus






Baby Clothing





Activewear




Dresses




Jeans




One-pieces




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts & Tops




Shorts




Suits & Dresswear




Swimwear






Girls' Clothing





Activewear




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Sets & Outfits




Shorts




Skirts & Skorts




Swimsuits




Tops






Boys' Clothing





Activewear




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Sets & Outfits




Shirts & Tops




Shorts




Suits & Dresswear




Swim Trunks






Kids' Toys & Games





Arts & Crafts




Dolls




Dress-Up




Educational Toys




Games & Puzzles




Stuffed Animals




Outdoor Play














Shop by Size





Toddler Boys




Boys' (4-7)




Boys' (8-20)




Boys' Husky




Toddler Girls




Girls' (4-6x)




Girls' (7-16)




Girls' Plus






Baby Clothing





Accessories




Activewear




Character Apparel




Dresses




Fan Gear




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




One-pieces




Outfits & Sets




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts & Tops




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Dresswear




Sweaters




Swimwear






Girls' Clothing





Accessories




Activewear




Character Apparel




Dresses




Fan Gear




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Pajamas




Pants




School Uniforms




Sets & Outfits




Shorts




Skirts & Skorts




Socks




Sweaters




Swimsuits




Tops




Underwear




Capris






Boys' Clothing





Accessories




Activewear




Character Apparel




Fan Gear




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




School Uniforms




Sets & Outfits




Shirts & Tops




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Dresswear




Sweaters




Swim Trunks




Underwear




Hoodies & Sweatshirts






Baby Essentials





Baby Booties




Bath Accessories




Bibs & Burp Cloths




Diaper Bags




Keepsakes & Milestones




Nursing Covers




Pacifiers




Toys






Kids' Toys & Games





Arts & Crafts




Dolls




Dress-Up




Educational Toys




Games & Puzzles




Stuffed Animals




Outdoor Play






Nursery & Decor





Baby Bedding




Diapering & Storage




Mobiles & Soothers




Nursery Decor






Featured Shops





Activewear




Character Apparel




Dresswear




Fan Gear




School Uniforms




Summer Swim

















Beauty







Makeup





Eye Makeup




Face Makeup




Lip Makeup




Makeup Removers




Makeup Tools




Palettes & Sets






Fragrances





Women's Perfumes




Men's Cologne




Fragrance Gift & Value Sets




Deodorants






Skin Care





Cleansers




Gift & Value Sets




Moisturizers




Sun Care




Tools & Accessories




Treatments & Serums






Bath & Body





Body Scrubs




Gift & Value Sets




Moisturizers




Self Tanners




Soaps & Body Washes




Hand Cream














Makeup





Eye Makeup




Face Makeup




Lip Makeup




Makeup Removers




Makeup Tools




Palettes & Sets






Fragrances





Women's Perfumes




Men's Cologne




Fragrance Gift & Value Sets




Deodorants






Skin Care





Cleansers




Exfoliators




Gift & Value Sets




Moisturizers




Sun Care




Toners & Mists




Tools & Accessories




Treatments & Serums






Bath & Body





Body Scrubs




Foot Care




Gift & Value Sets




Moisturizers




Self Tanners




Soaps & Body Washes




Bath Bombs




Hand Cream






Nails





Gift & Value Sets




Manicure & Pedicure Tools




Nail Art




Nail Polish






Beauty Accessories





Brushes & Tools




Cosmetic Bags




Mirrors






Hair Care





Curling Irons




Flat Irons




Hair Dryers




Hair Rollers




Hair Treatments




Shampoos & Conditioners




Styling Products






Men's Grooming





Gift & Value Sets




Hair & Body Care




Shaving




Skin Care




Men's Cologne






Featured Shops





Beauty Gifts & Sets




Contemporary Beauty




How-To Videos




Summer Beauty




Travel Size Beauty

















Shoes







Women's Shoes





Boots




Clogs & Mules




Flats




Heels & Pumps




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Men's Shoes





Boots




Casual Shoes




Dress Shoes




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Juniors' Shoes





Boots




Clogs & Mules




Flats




Heels & Pumps




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Kids' Shoes





Baby Shoes




Boys' Shoes




Girls' Shoes














Women's Shoes





Boots




Clogs & Mules




Flats




Heels & Pumps




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Men's Shoes





Boots




Casual Shoes




Dress Shoes




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Juniors' Shoes





Boots




Clogs & Mules




Flats




Heels & Pumps




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Kids' Shoes





Baby Shoes




Boys' Shoes




Girls' Shoes






Shoe Accessories




Featured Shops





Comfort Shoes




Designer




Narrow Widths




Wide Widths

















Handbags & Accessories







Purses & Handbags





Clutches & Evening Bags




Crossbody Bags




Hobo Bags




Mini Bags




Satchels




Shoulder Bags




Totes






Women's Accessories





Belts




Gloves




Hair Accessories




Hats




Hosiery & Tights




Scarves & Wraps




Socks




Sunglasses






Stationery & Gifts





Agendas & Planners




Desk Accessories




Notebooks & Journals




Notecards




Pens & Pencils






Women's Wallets












Purses & Handbags





Backpack Purses




Clutches & Evening Bags




Crossbody Bags




Hobo Bags




Mini Bags




Satchels




Shoulder Bags




Totes






Women's Accessories





Belts




Ear Warmers




Gloves




Hair Accessories




Hats




Hosiery & Tights




Phone Cases




Reading Glasses




Scarves & Wraps




Socks




Sunglasses




Umbrellas






Small Accessories





Card Cases




Coin Purses




Keychains & Fobs




Phone & Tablet Cases




Pill Boxes




Purse Charms






Stationery & Gifts





Agendas & Planners




Desk Accessories




Notebooks & Journals




Notecards




Pens & Pencils






Women's Wallets




Featured Shops





Designer




Fan Gear

















Jewelry







Fashion Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings






Fine Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings






Watches





Men's Watches




Women's Watches




Smart Watches






Men's Jewelry





Bracelets




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings














Fashion Jewelry





Bracelets




Charms & Beads




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings




Brooches & Pins






Fine Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings






Watches





Men's Watches




Women's Watches




Children's Watches




Smart Watches






Men's Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings






Children's Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces






Jewelry Boxes




Jewelry Care




Featured Shops





Fan Gear




Personalized Jewelry




Wedding Jewelry

















Bed & Bath







Bedding Basics





Bed Pillows




Bedding Accessories




Blankets




Down & Down Alternative Comforters




Mattress Pads




Sheets




Pillowcases & Protectors






Bedding





Bed in a Bag




Bed Skirts




Bedding Collections




Bedspreads




Comforters




Daybed Covers




Duvet Covers




Quilts




Throw Pillows




Throws




Pillow Shams






Bath





Accessories & Sets




Bath Rugs & Mats




Bath Towels




Bathroom Storage & Organizers




Beach Towels




Digital Scales




Shower Curtains




Bath Collections














Bedding Basics





Bed Pillows




Bedding Accessories




Blankets




Down & Down Alternative Comforters




Mattress Pads




Sheets




Pillowcases & Protectors






Bedding





Bed in a Bag




Bed Skirts




Bedding Collections




Bedspreads




Comforters




Daybed Covers




Duvet Covers




Quilts




Throw Pillows




Throws




Pillow Shams






Bath





Accessories & Sets




Bath Rugs & Mats




Bath Towels




Bathroom Storage & Organizers




Beach Towels




Digital Scales




Shower Curtains




Bath Collections






Featured Shops





Sleep Cool

















for the home







Bed & Bath




Dining





Dinnerware




Drinkware




Serveware




Silverware




Table Linens






Home Decor





Candles & Fragrance




Clocks




Decorative Baskets




Floral




Lamps & Lighting




Mirrors




Picture Frames




Rugs




Wall Art




Window Treatments






Kitchen





Appliances




Bakeware




Coffee & Tea




Cookware




Cutlery




Grilling & BBQ




Linens & Rugs




Gadgets




Storage & Organization






Furniture





Barstools




Bookcases & Shelves




Chairs




Coffee & Side Tables




Fireplaces




Trunks & Benches




Wine Racks






Travel





Backpacks




Laptop Cases & Briefcases




Luggage




Messenger Bags




Throws & Pillows






Outdoor Living















Bed & Bath




Dining





Dinnerware




Drinkware




Picnic Baskets




Serveware




Silverware




Table Linens






Home Decor





Candles & Fragrance




Clocks




Collectibles




Decorative Accents




Decorative Baskets




Floral




Lamps & Lighting




Mirrors




Picture Frames




Rugs




Wall Art




Window Treatments






Kitchen





Appliances




Bakeware




Coffee & Tea




Cookware




Cutlery




Grilling & BBQ




Linens & Rugs




Gadgets




Storage & Organization






Electronics





Fans & Heaters




Music & Audio




Novelty Electronics




Phones




Tech Accessories




TV & Video






Fan Gear





Fan Appliances




Fan Decor




Fan Drinkware




Fan Luggage & Bags




Fan Serveware




Fan Tailgating






Furniture





Air Mattresses




Barstools




Bookcases & Shelves




Buffets & Servers




Chairs




Coffee & Side Tables




Desks




Dressers & Chests




Fireplaces




Hall Tree




Mattresses




Ottomans




Tables




Trunks & Benches




Wine Racks






Gourmet Gifts




Organization & Cleaning





Brooms & Mops




Garment Steamers




Home Organization




Ironing Boards




Irons




Laundry Hampers




Trash Cans




Vacuums






Personal Care





Air Purifiers




Dental Care




Fitness Trackers




Humidifiers




Spa & Massage




Specialty Care




Yoga Equipment






Holidays





Christmas






Travel





Backpacks




Laptop Cases & Briefcases




Luggage




Luggage Collections




Messenger Bags




Throws & Pillows




Travel Accessories






Pet Accessories




Car Accessories




Outdoor Living





Dining & Entertainment




Outdoor Storage




Patio & Garden




Outdoor Grilling




Sports & Recreation














Clearance























Women's Clearance






Men's Clearance






Juniors' Clearance






Kids & Baby Clearance






Beauty Clearance






Shoes Clearance






Handbags & Accessories Clearance






Jewelry Clearance






Bed & Bath Clearance






For The Home Clearance














Women's Clearance






Men's Clearance






Juniors' Clearance






Kids & Baby Clearance






Beauty Clearance






Shoes Clearance






Handbags & Accessories Clearance






Jewelry Clearance






Bed & Bath Clearance






For The Home Clearance
















Sign In



Find in Store




Gift Cards
Coupons






Gift Cards
Belk Rewards Card
Coupons







Wish List
Registry

























Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.




Back to Home 



Home
 Beauty 



Filter By

















makeup
skin care
fragrances





makeup
skin care
fragrances












BRANDS WE LOVE












LancÔme















clinique

















EstÉe Lauder















Urban Decay



















MAC















Benefit Cosmetics

















Laura Mercier















Bobbi Brown
























Summertime Scents




Shop Now

















Summer Love: Bright, Bold Lips




Shop Now















Waterproof Mascara




Shop Now

















Contemporary Beauty


explore the latest trends, hottest brands and more




Shop Now




































Refine Your Results By:


Beauty








Makeup








Eye Makeup







Face Makeup







Lip Makeup







Makeup Removers






Makeup Tools






Palettes & Sets








Fragrances








Women's Perfumes






Men's Cologne






Fragrance Gift & Value Sets






Deodorants








Skin Care








Cleansers






Exfoliators






Gift & Value Sets






Moisturizers







Sun Care






Toners & Mists






Tools & Accessories






Treatments & Serums









Bath & Body








Body Scrubs






Foot Care






Gift & Value Sets






Moisturizers






Self Tanners






Soaps & Body Washes






Bath Bombs






Hand Cream








Nails








Manicure & Pedicure Tools






Nail Polish








Beauty Accessories








Brushes & Tools






Cosmetic Bags






Mirrors








Hair Care








Curling Irons






Flat Irons






Hair Dryers






Hair Rollers






Hair Treatments






Shampoos & Conditioners






Styling Products








Men's Grooming








Gift & Value Sets






Hair & Body Care







Shaving







Skin Care







Men's Cologne








Featured Shops








Beauty Gifts & Sets






Contemporary Beauty







Summer Beauty







Travel Size Beauty
















Filter By...


Clear All



Brand




A








Aramis
(9)







Azzaro
(10)




B








Baby Foot
(1)







BaByliss®PRO
(39)







Baxter of California
(34)







beautyblender®
(15)







Belk
(2)







Benefit Cosmetics
(137)







Biobelle
(6)







BIO IONIC®
(4)







Blowpro
(5)







Bobbi Brown
(193)







Boucheron
(1)







BPI
(2)







Brighton®
(1)







Burberry
(33)







butter LONDON
(1)







Bvlgari
(42)




C








Calvin Klein
(43)







Carolina Herrera
(5)







Cartier
(34)







CHANEL
(131)







Chica Y Chico
(3)







Chloé
(19)







Christian Dior Perfume
(2)







Clarins
(199)







ClarinsMen
(1)







Clarisonic
(19)







CLE
(1)







Clinique
(330)







COACH
(5)







Conair
(5)







COSRX
(6)







Curve
(4)




D








DAILY CONCEPTS®
(9)







Davidoff
(5)







DERMAdoctor®
(28)







Dior
(242)







Dolce & Gabbana
(34)







Donna Karan
(11)




E








Elizabeth Arden
(157)







Elizabeth Taylor
(5)







Erno Laszlo
(65)







Estée Lauder
(307)




F








Fashion Fair
(50)







FHI Heat®
(2)







First Aid Beauty®
(1)







Fizz & Bubble
(6)







florapy™
(17)




G








ghd
(1)







Giorgio Armani
(39)







Givenchy
(6)







Gucci
(29)







Guerlain
(8)







Guy Laroche
(3)




H








Home Accents®
(2)







Household Essentials®
(1)







Hugo Boss
(12)




I








Isaac Mizrahi New York
(4)







Issey Miyake
(15)







ittse
(12)




J








Jack Black
(14)







Jean Paul Gaultier
(6)







Jessica Simpson
(3)







Jimmy Choo
(33)







John Varvatos
(20)







Joseph Joseph®
(1)







Juice Beauty®
(58)







Juicy Couture
(27)




K








kate spade new york®
(19)







Katy Perry
(1)







Kenneth Cole
(7)







Kiehl's Since 1851
(214)




L








Lacoste
(3)







Lancôme
(279)







Laura Geller
(67)







Laura Mercier
(215)




M








MAC
(273)







MakeUp Eraser
(2)







Marc Jacobs
(32)







Masik Collegiate Fragrance
(24)







Michael Kors
(24)







Montblanc
(14)







Montez Renault™
(15)




N








Norell
(5)







NYX Professional Makeup
(77)




O








O.R.G Skincare
(2)







Obsessive Compulsive Cosmetics
(7)







Opium by Yves Saint Laurent
(1)







Original Penguin
(4)







Origins
(179)







Oscar de la Renta
(1)




P








Paco Rabanne
(22)







patchology®
(16)







Paul Sebastian
(5)







Perry Ellis®
(17)







philosophy
(129)







Polo Ralph Lauren
(1)







Prada
(36)







PROFILE™
(9)







Promise Me
(1)




R








Ralph Lauren
(90)







Rodial
(45)







RUSK®
(2)




S








Sean John
(6)







Sigma®
(108)







simplehuman
(2)







SKINRx LAB
(2)







Spongellé®
(5)




T








T3
(18)







TanTowel®
(10)







Thank You Farmer
(6)







the Balm® cosmetics
(46)







The BrowGal™
(11)







Thierry Mugler
(48)







TOM FORD
(57)







Tommy Bahama®
(6)







Tory Burch
(22)




U








Urban Decay
(116)




V








Versace
(51)







Viktor & Rolf
(19)







Vince Camuto
(33)




W








Whamisa
(4)







WINKY LUX
(16)




Y








Yves Saint Laurent
(35)




Z








Zirh
(13)





View More
View Less













OrangeYellowPinkRedPurpleBlueGreenBeigeBrownWhiteGreyBlackMulti






























 











Estee Lauder Women's Perfume | belk


















Valentine's Day Sale | Offer Ends Saturday


$10OFF50


$20OFF100


$30OFF150


regular & sale purchase * *Exculsions Apply | View Details
	    









Gift Cards
Coupons






Gift Cards
Belk Rewards Card
Coupons






Find in Store







Wish List
Registry



Sign In
















What can we help you find?


Search











0









Gift Cards
Coupons






Gift Cards
Belk Rewards Card
Coupons





Menu






What can we help you find?


Search






FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $99




FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $99










Women







Women's Clothing





Activewear




Bras, Panties & Lingerie




Capris




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Swimwear




Tops






Plus Clothing





Activewear




Bras, Panties & Lingerie




Capris




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Swimwear




Tops






Petite Clothing





Activewear




Capris




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Swimwear




Tops






Featured Shops





Contemporary




Designer




Dresses By Occasion














Women's Clothing





Activewear




Blazers




Bras, Panties & Lingerie




Capris




Coats & Jackets




Dresses




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Leggings




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Sweaters




Swimwear




Tops




Find In Store Test






Plus Clothing





Activewear




Bras, Panties & Lingerie




Blazers




Capris




Coats & Jackets




Dresses




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Leggings




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Sweaters




Swimwear




Tops






Petite Clothing





Activewear




Blazers




Capris




Coats & Jackets




Dresses




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Leggings




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Suits & Suit Separates




Sweaters




Swimwear




Tops






Featured Shops





Contemporary




Designer




Dresses By Occasion




Fan Gear

















Men







Men's Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Suits & Sport Coats




Swim Trunks






Big & Tall Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Suits & Sport Coats




Swim Trunks






Young Men's Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Suits & Sport Coats




Swim Trunks






Men's Accessories





Belts & Suspenders




Cuff Links




Lapel Pins




Money Clips




Sunglasses




Tie Bars




Ties & Pocket Squares




Wallets














Men's Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Sport Coats




Sweaters




Swim Trunks




Underwear




Fan Gear




Hoodies & Sweatshirts






Big & Tall Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Sport Coats




Sweaters




Swim Trunks




Underwear




Test  Category




Hoodies & Sweatshirts






Young Men's Clothing





Active & Outdoor




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Sport Coats




Sweaters




Swim Trunks




Underwear




Hoodies & Sweatshirts






Men's Accessories





Belts & Suspenders




Cuff Links




Gifts & Gadgets




Gloves




Hats




Lapel Pins




Money Clips




Scarves




Sunglasses




Tie Bars




Ties & Pocket Squares




Umbrellas




Wallets






Featured Shops





Designer




Fan Gear




Uniforms & Workwear




Golf Style




Outdoor Gear




Stretch

















Juniors







Juniors' Clothing





Activewear




Bras & Panties




Capris




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Skirts




Swimsuits




Tops






Juniors' Plus Clothing





Activewear




Bras & Panties




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




Shorts




Swimsuits




Tops






Featured Shops





Fashion Under $25




Homecoming & Prom














Juniors' Clothing





Activewear




Blazers & Jackets




Bras & Panties




Capris




Coats




Dresses




Fan Gear




Graphic Tees




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




School Uniforms




Shorts




Skirts




Sweaters




Swimsuits




Tops






Juniors' Plus Clothing





Activewear




Blazers & Jackets




Bras & Panties




Capris




Coats




Dresses




Graphic Tees




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Pajamas & Lounge




Pants




School Uniforms




Shorts




Skirts




Sweaters




Swimsuits




Tops






Featured Shops





Fan Gear




Fashion Under $25




Homecoming & Prom

















Kids & Baby







Shop by Size





Toddler Boys




Boys' (4-7)




Boys' (8-20)




Boys' Husky




Toddler Girls




Girls' (4-6x)




Girls' (7-16)




Girls' Plus






Baby Clothing





Activewear




Dresses




Jeans




One-pieces




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts & Tops




Shorts




Suits & Dresswear




Swimwear






Girls' Clothing





Activewear




Dresses




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Sets & Outfits




Shorts




Skirts & Skorts




Swimsuits




Tops






Boys' Clothing





Activewear




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




Sets & Outfits




Shirts & Tops




Shorts




Suits & Dresswear




Swim Trunks






Kids' Toys & Games





Arts & Crafts




Dolls




Dress-Up




Educational Toys




Games & Puzzles




Stuffed Animals




Outdoor Play














Shop by Size





Toddler Boys




Boys' (4-7)




Boys' (8-20)




Boys' Husky




Toddler Girls




Girls' (4-6x)




Girls' (7-16)




Girls' Plus






Baby Clothing





Accessories




Activewear




Character Apparel




Dresses




Fan Gear




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




One-pieces




Outfits & Sets




Pajamas




Pants




Shirts & Tops




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Dresswear




Sweaters




Swimwear






Girls' Clothing





Accessories




Activewear




Character Apparel




Dresses




Fan Gear




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Jumpsuits & Rompers




Pajamas




Pants




School Uniforms




Sets & Outfits




Shorts




Skirts & Skorts




Socks




Sweaters




Swimsuits




Tops




Underwear




Capris






Boys' Clothing





Accessories




Activewear




Character Apparel




Fan Gear




Jackets & Coats




Jeans




Pajamas




Pants




School Uniforms




Sets & Outfits




Shirts & Tops




Shorts




Socks




Suits & Dresswear




Sweaters




Swim Trunks




Underwear




Hoodies & Sweatshirts






Baby Essentials





Baby Booties




Bath Accessories




Bibs & Burp Cloths




Diaper Bags




Keepsakes & Milestones




Nursing Covers




Pacifiers




Toys






Kids' Toys & Games





Arts & Crafts




Dolls




Dress-Up




Educational Toys




Games & Puzzles




Stuffed Animals




Outdoor Play






Nursery & Decor





Baby Bedding




Diapering & Storage




Mobiles & Soothers




Nursery Decor






Featured Shops





Activewear




Character Apparel




Dresswear




Fan Gear




School Uniforms




Summer Swim

















Beauty







Makeup





Eye Makeup




Face Makeup




Lip Makeup




Makeup Removers




Makeup Tools




Palettes & Sets






Fragrances





Women's Perfumes




Men's Cologne




Fragrance Gift & Value Sets




Deodorants






Skin Care





Cleansers




Gift & Value Sets




Moisturizers




Sun Care




Tools & Accessories




Treatments & Serums






Bath & Body





Body Scrubs




Gift & Value Sets




Moisturizers




Self Tanners




Soaps & Body Washes




Hand Cream














Makeup





Eye Makeup




Face Makeup




Lip Makeup




Makeup Removers




Makeup Tools




Palettes & Sets






Fragrances





Women's Perfumes




Men's Cologne




Fragrance Gift & Value Sets




Deodorants






Skin Care





Cleansers




Exfoliators




Gift & Value Sets




Moisturizers




Sun Care




Toners & Mists




Tools & Accessories




Treatments & Serums






Bath & Body





Body Scrubs




Foot Care




Gift & Value Sets




Moisturizers




Self Tanners




Soaps & Body Washes




Bath Bombs




Hand Cream






Nails





Gift & Value Sets




Manicure & Pedicure Tools




Nail Art




Nail Polish






Beauty Accessories





Brushes & Tools




Cosmetic Bags




Mirrors






Hair Care





Curling Irons




Flat Irons




Hair Dryers




Hair Rollers




Hair Treatments




Shampoos & Conditioners




Styling Products






Men's Grooming





Gift & Value Sets




Hair & Body Care




Shaving




Skin Care




Men's Cologne






Featured Shops





Beauty Gifts & Sets




Contemporary Beauty




How-To Videos




Summer Beauty




Travel Size Beauty

















Shoes







Women's Shoes





Boots




Clogs & Mules




Flats




Heels & Pumps




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Men's Shoes





Boots




Casual Shoes




Dress Shoes




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Juniors' Shoes





Boots




Clogs & Mules




Flats




Heels & Pumps




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Kids' Shoes





Baby Shoes




Boys' Shoes




Girls' Shoes














Women's Shoes





Boots




Clogs & Mules




Flats




Heels & Pumps




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Men's Shoes





Boots




Casual Shoes




Dress Shoes




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Juniors' Shoes





Boots




Clogs & Mules




Flats




Heels & Pumps




Sandals




Slippers




Sneakers






Kids' Shoes





Baby Shoes




Boys' Shoes




Girls' Shoes






Shoe Accessories




Featured Shops





Comfort Shoes




Designer




Narrow Widths




Wide Widths

















Handbags & Accessories







Purses & Handbags





Clutches & Evening Bags




Crossbody Bags




Hobo Bags




Mini Bags




Satchels




Shoulder Bags




Totes






Women's Accessories





Belts




Gloves




Hair Accessories




Hats




Hosiery & Tights




Scarves & Wraps




Socks




Sunglasses






Stationery & Gifts





Agendas & Planners




Desk Accessories




Notebooks & Journals




Notecards




Pens & Pencils






Women's Wallets












Purses & Handbags





Backpack Purses




Clutches & Evening Bags




Crossbody Bags




Hobo Bags




Mini Bags




Satchels




Shoulder Bags




Totes






Women's Accessories





Belts




Ear Warmers




Gloves




Hair Accessories




Hats




Hosiery & Tights




Phone Cases




Reading Glasses




Scarves & Wraps




Socks




Sunglasses




Umbrellas






Small Accessories





Card Cases




Coin Purses




Keychains & Fobs




Phone & Tablet Cases




Pill Boxes




Purse Charms






Stationery & Gifts





Agendas & Planners




Desk Accessories




Notebooks & Journals




Notecards




Pens & Pencils






Women's Wallets




Featured Shops





Designer




Fan Gear

















Jewelry







Fashion Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings






Fine Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings






Watches





Men's Watches




Women's Watches




Smart Watches






Men's Jewelry





Bracelets




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings














Fashion Jewelry





Bracelets




Charms & Beads




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings




Brooches & Pins






Fine Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings






Watches





Men's Watches




Women's Watches




Children's Watches




Smart Watches






Men's Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces




Rings






Children's Jewelry





Bracelets




Earrings




Jewelry Sets




Necklaces






Jewelry Boxes




Jewelry Care




Featured Shops





Fan Gear




Personalized Jewelry




Wedding Jewelry

















Bed & Bath







Bedding Basics





Bed Pillows




Bedding Accessories




Blankets




Down & Down Alternative Comforters




Mattress Pads




Sheets




Pillowcases & Protectors






Bedding





Bed in a Bag




Bed Skirts




Bedding Collections




Bedspreads




Comforters




Daybed Covers




Duvet Covers




Quilts




Throw Pillows




Throws




Pillow Shams






Bath





Accessories & Sets




Bath Rugs & Mats




Bath Towels




Bathroom Storage & Organizers




Beach Towels




Digital Scales




Shower Curtains




Bath Collections














Bedding Basics





Bed Pillows




Bedding Accessories




Blankets




Down & Down Alternative Comforters




Mattress Pads




Sheets




Pillowcases & Protectors






Bedding





Bed in a Bag




Bed Skirts




Bedding Collections




Bedspreads




Comforters




Daybed Covers




Duvet Covers




Quilts




Throw Pillows




Throws




Pillow Shams






Bath





Accessories & Sets




Bath Rugs & Mats




Bath Towels




Bathroom Storage & Organizers




Beach Towels




Digital Scales




Shower Curtains




Bath Collections






Featured Shops





Sleep Cool

















for the home







Bed & Bath




Dining





Dinnerware




Drinkware




Serveware




Silverware




Table Linens






Home Decor





Candles & Fragrance




Clocks




Decorative Baskets




Floral




Lamps & Lighting




Mirrors




Picture Frames




Rugs




Wall Art




Window Treatments






Kitchen





Appliances




Bakeware




Coffee & Tea




Cookware




Cutlery




Grilling & BBQ




Linens & Rugs




Gadgets




Storage & Organization






Furniture





Barstools




Bookcases & Shelves




Chairs




Coffee & Side Tables




Fireplaces




Trunks & Benches




Wine Racks






Travel





Backpacks




Laptop Cases & Briefcases




Luggage




Messenger Bags




Throws & Pillows






Outdoor Living















Bed & Bath




Dining





Dinnerware




Drinkware




Picnic Baskets




Serveware




Silverware




Table Linens






Home Decor





Candles & Fragrance




Clocks




Collectibles




Decorative Accents




Decorative Baskets




Floral




Lamps & Lighting




Mirrors




Picture Frames




Rugs




Wall Art




Window Treatments






Kitchen





Appliances




Bakeware




Coffee & Tea




Cookware




Cutlery




Grilling & BBQ




Linens & Rugs




Gadgets




Storage & Organization






Electronics





Fans & Heaters




Music & Audio




Novelty Electronics




Phones




Tech Accessories




TV & Video






Fan Gear





Fan Appliances




Fan Decor




Fan Drinkware




Fan Luggage & Bags




Fan Serveware




Fan Tailgating






Furniture





Air Mattresses




Barstools




Bookcases & Shelves




Buffets & Servers




Chairs




Coffee & Side Tables




Desks




Dressers & Chests




Fireplaces




Hall Tree




Mattresses




Ottomans




Tables




Trunks & Benches




Wine Racks






Gourmet Gifts




Organization & Cleaning





Brooms & Mops




Garment Steamers




Home Organization




Ironing Boards




Irons




Laundry Hampers




Trash Cans




Vacuums






Personal Care





Air Purifiers




Dental Care




Fitness Trackers




Humidifiers




Spa & Massage




Specialty Care




Yoga Equipment






Holidays





Christmas






Travel





Backpacks




Laptop Cases & Briefcases




Luggage




Luggage Collections




Messenger Bags




Throws & Pillows




Travel Accessories






Pet Accessories




Car Accessories




Outdoor Living





Dining & Entertainment




Outdoor Storage




Patio & Garden




Outdoor Grilling




Sports & Recreation














Clearance























Women's Clearance






Men's Clearance






Juniors' Clearance






Kids & Baby Clearance






Beauty Clearance






Shoes Clearance






Handbags & Accessories Clearance






Jewelry Clearance






Bed & Bath Clearance






For The Home Clearance














Women's Clearance






Men's Clearance






Juniors' Clearance






Kids & Baby Clearance






Beauty Clearance






Shoes Clearance






Handbags & Accessories Clearance






Jewelry Clearance






Bed & Bath Clearance






For The Home Clearance
















Sign In



Find in Store




Gift Cards
Coupons






Gift Cards
Belk Rewards Card
Coupons







Wish List
Registry

























Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.




Back to Fragrances 



Home
Shop By Brand
Estee Lauder
Fragrances
 Women's Perfume 






Products Found (50)

Sort By:

Filter By

Sort By:



Sort By:


Featured
Best Match
New Arrivals
Price (Low to High)
Price (High to Low)
Average Rating

Featured

Featured

Best Match

New Arrivals

Price (Low to High)

Price (High to Low)

Average Rating



Go




Viewing


1-50

of 50

























Top Rated






Estée Lauder pleasures Eau de Parfum Rollerball











$26.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Eau de Parfum Rollerball




$26.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Chic Eau de Parfum Rollerball




$25.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Bronze Goddess Eau Fraiche Skinscent




Orig. $75.00
Now $60.00 - $75.00


Multiple Offers Available















View All Colors (2) 





































Top Rated






Estée Lauder Tuscany Per Donna Eau de Parfum Spray











$53.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Pleasures Eau de Parfum Spray




$125.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder 'pleasures' Eau de Parfum Spray .5 oz.




$30.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Youth-Dew Bath Oil 2 oz.




$42.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Youth-Dew Eau de Parfum Spray 1.8 oz.




$38.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder 'pleasures' Eau de Parfum Spray 3.4 oz.




$92.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Beautiful Eau de Toilette, 1.7 oz




$62.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Le Rouge Eau de Parfum, 1.0 oz




$68.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Beautiful Sheer Eau de Parfum Spray 2.5 oz.




$80.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Youth-Dew Bath Oil 1 oz.




$35.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Pure White Linen Eau de Parfum Spray 3.4 oz.




$88.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Knowing Eau de Parfum Spray 2.5 oz.




$85.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Aliage Sport Fragrance Spray











$53.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder White Linen Parfum Spray, 2.5 oz.




$67.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Le Rouge, 3.4 oz




$120.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Eau de Parfum Spray, 1.0 fl. oz.




$68.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Eau de Parfum Spray, 3.4 fl. oz.




$120.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Beyond Paradise Eau de Parfum Spray




$68.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Eau de Parfum Spray, 1.7 fl. oz.




$88.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Private Collection Tuberose Gardenia Eau de Parfum, 2.5 oz.




$160.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Le Rouge Eau de Parfum, 1.7 oz




$88.00



Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder Cinnabar Fragrance Spray











$53.00



Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder Intuition Eau de Parfum Spray











$68.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Beautiful Eau de Parfum Spray 2.5 oz.




$80.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder 'pleasures' Eau de Parfum Spray 1.7 oz.




$68.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Pure White Linen Light Breeze Eau de Parfum Spray, 1.7 oz.




$67.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder White Linen Parfum Spray 3 oz.




$75.00



Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder Spellbound Eau de Parfum Spray











$68.00



Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder Private Collection Pure Fragrance Spray











$64.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Beautiful Eau de Parfum Spray 1 oz.




$58.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Azurée Pure Fragrance Spray




$53.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Beautiful Eau de Parfum Spray




$125.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Knowing Eau de Parfum Spray 1 oz.




$60.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Private Collection Tuberose Gardenia Parfum




$350.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Este Lauder Beautiful Eau de Toilette Spray




$30.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder pleasures intense Eau de Parfum Spray, 4.2 fl. oz.




$92.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Private Collection Tuberose Gardenia Eau de Parfum, 1.0 oz.




$95.00



Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder Youth-Dew Dusting Powder Box











$37.00



Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder Super Eau de Parfum Spray











$53.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Beautiful Eau de Parfum Spray, 3.4 oz




$92.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Le Rouge Gloss Eau de Parfum Spray, 1.7 fl. oz.




Orig. $88.00
Now $44.00


Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder Beautiful Eau de Parfum Rollerball











$26.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Le Rouge To Go




$85.00



Multiple Offers Available






















Top Rated






Estée Lauder 'pleasures intense' Eau de Parfum Spray











$68.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Youth-Dew Eau de Parfum Spray 2.25 oz.




$39.00



Multiple Offers Available


























Estée Lauder Modern Muse Le Rouge Gloss Eau de Parfum Spray, 3.4 fl. oz.




Orig. $120.00
Now $60.00


Multiple Offers Available









Sort By:
Sort By:

Viewing


1-50

of 50





Back to Top







Refine Your Results By:


Fragrances








Men's Cologne






Women's Perfume








Back to Fragrances







Filter By...


Clear All



Size








One Size
(50)








Color









Purple
(1)








Black
(13)




View More
View Less







Price







$20 - $49.99
(12)






$50 - $99.99
(32)






$100 - $499.99
(6)




-
Go


Clear Price





OrangeYellowPinkRedPurpleBlueGreenBeigeBrownWhiteGreyBlackMulti


































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







