


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Air Delights - Bradley Washroom Products and Accessories

































































Home|Track Your Order 
	|Contact Us|
	Newsletter
	|About Us































(0)





Products  |  
       MSDS  |  
       Credit Application  |  
	Flat Rate Ground Shipping $9.95 Per Order!

Give us a call: 1-800-440-5556
















Air Fresheners
AutoMist Air Fresheners
Select Air Fresheners
Microburst 3000
Microburst 9000
Pump Air Fresheners
T-Cell Air Fresheners
Easy Fresh Air Fresheners
Eco-Air Air Fresheners
Fresh Products - New!
Restroom Essentials
AutoFlushers - Retrofit
AutoFlushers - Complete
Automatic Faucets
Manual Faucets
Soap Dispensers - Sensor
Soap Dispensers - Manual
WaterFree Urinal Cartridges
WaterFree Urinals
Hand Dryers
Paper Towel Dispensers
Toilet Paper Dispensers
Paper Products
Urinal Screens & Mats
Hand Sanitizers
Restroom Accessories
American Specialties
Bobrick Accessories
Bradley Accessories
AutoClean / AutoJanitor
Grab Bars
Toilet Seat Cover Disp.
Tampon Vending Machine
Napkin Disposal
Restroom Entrance Signs
Restroom Mirrors
Baby Changing Station
Hospeco Products
Toilet Seats
Repair Parts
Sloan Repair Parts
Flushmate Parts
T&S Brass Products
Zurn Repair Parts
Toilet Partition Hardware
Restroom Plumbing
Flush Valves
Commercial Toilets/Urinals
Commercial Restroom Sinks
Tankless Water Heaters
Shower Heads
Hydrotek Products
Valves / Backflow
Wilkins Water Control
Watts Water Safety
Febco Plumbing Products
Facility Products
Elkay Plumbing
Urinal Privacy Screens
Wet Floor Signs
Facility Workplace Signs

































Towel Combo Units












Paper Towel Dispensers












Waste Receptacles












Napkin Vendors












Napkin Disposal












Tissue Dispensers












Seat Cover












Soap Dispensers












Keys and Locks












Multi-Purpose Units












Hand Dryers












Mirrors












Shelves












Grab Bars












Accessories












Security Accessories












Eyewash Stations












Drench Showers












Eyewash Combos












Safety Parts/Acc















Customer Service

Track Your Order
Catalog Request
MSDS Information
Refund Policy


Contact Us
Company Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map




Payment Options







Social Media









Air Fresheners | Restroom Accessories | Plumbing Products
Phone: (800) 440-5556   •   Fax: (866) 243-5689
Copyright &copy 1991–
		. • Air Delights, Inc. All rights reserved.
























Pitney Bowes (PBI) Marc Bradley Lautenbach on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Pitney Bowes (PBI) Marc Bradley Lautenbach on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptAug. 2.16 | About: Pitney Bowes (PBI) Pitney Bowes, Inc. (NYSE:PBI)
Q2 2016 Earnings Call
August 02, 2016 8:00 am ET
Executives
Adam David - Vice President, Investor Relations, Pitney Bowes, Inc.
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Partners LLC
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC
Allen Klee - Sidoti & Co. LLC
Glenn G. Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Chapin Potter Mechem - Northeast Investors Trust
Operator
Good morning and welcome to the Pitney Bowes Second Quarter 2016 Results Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only mode during the conference call until the question-and-answer segment. Today's call is also being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect your lines at this time.
I would now like to introduce your speakers for today's call, Mr. Marc Lautenbach, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Michael Monahan, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Adam David, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Mr. David will now begin the call with the Safe Harbor overview.
Adam David - Vice President, Investor Relations, Pitney Bowes, Inc.
Good morning. Included in this presentation are forward-looking statements about our expected future business and financial performance. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to be materially different from our projections. More information about these risks and uncertainties can be found in our 2015 Form 10-K Annual Report and other reports filed with the SEC that are located on our website at www.pb.com and by clicking on Investor Relations. Please keep in mind that we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or developments.
Also for non-GAAP measures used in the press release or discussed in this presentation, you can find reconciliations to the appropriate GAAP measures in the tables attached to our press release and also on our Investor Relations website. Additionally, we have provided slides that summarize most of the points we will discuss during the call. These slides can also be found on our Investor Relations website.
Now, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Marc Lautenbach, will start with a few opening remarks. Marc?
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Good morning and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. Mike will take you through the specifics of the quarter. As has been the case for the last several years, there are a lot of moving parts to the quarter. From my perspective, there were four themes. Let me discuss each of them. First, our Ecommerce business continued to gain momentum and the business is positioned for a strong second half. We continue to add new clients and new geographies. I'll come back to this in a moment how this business is well positioned in a rapidly growing market.
Second, in our Software business, we still have work to do. In previous communications, I have pointed to the importance of building channel partnerships with systems integrators and other technology companies. And we did make substantial progress on that score in the second quarter. We signed with 11 systems integrators; two global and nine regional.
Let me give you an example of a relationship with a global systems integrator. In June, we joined forces with Accenture Digital, a world-class leader in digital customer experience. Pitney Bowes' EngageOne Video solution will be offered to Accenture Digital clients who are in the midst of their digital transformation strategy. Clients across verticals and public service industries can deploy EngageOne Video to boost customer loyalty, improve new customer on-boarding process, support content development, and scale video production.

The scale that a partner like Accenture brings to Pitney Bowes gives us an opportunity for meaningful progress. On a related point, according to the second quarter Forrester Wave Communications Management Report and I quote, "video support through Pitney Bowes interactive and personalized EngageOne Video solution is best in class."
Also in June, we entered into an OEM agreement with IBM. This agreement helps strengthen our position as a location intelligence supplier to a market-leader in business intelligence and analytics markets. These relationships and accolades are important for two reasons. First, they confirm that we have good products. Second, getting good products to market requires the right channels. All these partners are best-in-class in their respective markets and I'm confident they'll be important partners in bringing our products to market.
So let me lay out how I see the Software business moving forward. You should see improved license performance as the first step in this business improvement, and we're starting the second half with a much improved pipeline. That will lead to improvements in subsequent quarters in related streams.
As I mentioned in the last quarter, I expect this business to improve throughout the course of the year. While overall business investment in technology is soft, I still believe we can turn in better performance.
Third, as we discussed on our last call, we deployed our new enterprise business platform in April in the United States. Although we often call this an ERP project, that really does not do justice to the scale of this initiative. The platform affects every aspect of our business, including how sales opportunities are managed, products are configured, leases and bills calculated, financials produced, customer service delivered, and client satisfaction managed. It is a substantial business process and technology reengineering project and now extends to approximately 80% of our revenue base. It is already producing benefits to our business and will deliver substantial benefits to our business over time.
It is worth noting that some of the significant product announcements we have made in the last 90 days have been enabled by our new business platform. Although that said, the implementation of this platform caused some short-term interruptions to our business, particularly in the high volume portion of our meter business in April. Mike will elaborate on this more in his comments, but here's the bottom line. The platform now covers the preponderance of our business and the business case is still intact. In some cases, we can already see that the business benefits will be beyond what we had originally contemplated.
Fourth and most importantly, we have been focused from the beginning on creating long-term shareholder value. I said to my team this last April that I believe the second quarter of 2016 would be one of the most pivotal quarters in our company's history in our transformation efforts to establish those fundamentals that enable long-term success.
Let me explain what I mean based on our strategic pillars: the reinvention of mail, operational excellence and growth of our Digital Commerce business. We made substantial progress in the reinvention of our mail business during the second quarter.
A big part of this, as you all know, was the launch of the Pitney Bowes Commerce Cloud in April. The response from clients has been very encouraging. We've already attracted more than 1 million unique visitors to the Commerce Cloud portal. The number of clients using the web to purchase supplies has increased by 25%, and we are seeing incremental demand for our shipping products, particularly our SendPro solution and our APIs.
APIs provide a new opportunity to monetize our software assets as developers and ISVs embed our capabilities in their products. While it will take time for demand to drive recurring revenue streams in these new areas, this initiative is integral to create new value for the small and medium business market and all of our existing clients.

Last month, we announced SmartLink, a digital technology solution that connects our existing installed base of postage meters to the Pitney Bowes Commerce Cloud to streamline the client experience and enable services from the Commerce Cloud. We will continue to innovate in this area.
Next: operational excellence. In one of my very early earnings calls as a CEO, I said that I thought CEOs are sometimes guilty of blaming execution without looking more deeply at root causes; things like do you have the right channels, the right skills? Is the brand positioned correctly? Do you have the right systems to enable execution? Over the last three years, we have slowly, sometimes more slowly than I wanted, but methodically addressed these items.
I also said, over time, you will see the benefits of these endeavors in the income statement and balance sheet. I still believe that. The benefits never come fast enough, but there's no doubt in my mind that investing in channels, brand, systems, products and our people is the best way for us to build long-term shareholder value.
Finally: growing Digital Commerce. We've already covered Software, so I won't rehash it beyond saying that while we still need to improve, we can deliver results and we made real progress in the second quarter, building channels and pipeline for the second half.
In our Ecommerce business, we had 15 new retail storefronts in the second quarter, bringing our total to almost 240 worldwide. Last week, we added an additional five stores and announced that we were adding outbound capabilities in Australia to our existing outbound businesses in the United States and UK. In addition to growing our existing relationships, these new storefronts have positioned this business for sustainable growth going forward.
One opportunity that has become particularly hot is helping U.S. and UK retailers sell into Asia, particularly China. Over the last several months, I've had the opportunity to visit potential clients in India and China, and the demand for our cross-brand capabilities is one of the most impressive things I've ever seen.
Bottom line, while I thought we had the opportunity to do better in the second quarter, we cannot be more pleased with the progress we've made on our strategic agenda, and we have set ourselves up for an improved second half.
I will make a few final remarks after Mike. But, at this point, let me turn the call to Mike.
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Thank you, Marc, and good morning. Marc outlined how our actions in the quarter are in line with our transformation objectives. I want to focus my comments on three things: first, the impact of our enterprise business platform launch in the U.S. on our results in the quarter and forward; second, the specifics of the second quarter; and third, our outlook for the remainder of 2016. Let me begin with what we have been calling our ERP program, but it's actually a remake of our enterprise business platform, including IT systems, web capability and new product enablement.
In fact, at the same time we went live with this new platform, we also brought online new webstore capability, client self-service functionality and our new SaaS-based SendPro product, which leverages new subscription billing capability. The new platform we put in place was critical to us launching each of these items. As we look to the future, the long-term benefits of our new systems far outweigh the impact on results in the second quarter.
In April, we launched the new enterprise business platform in the U.S. The U.S. represents 75% of our consolidated revenue, generates 90% of consolidated business segment EBIT, and covers every one of our business models. As a result, we developed and implemented a robust cutover plan. The results from the second quarter reflect the temporary impacts of that transition.

Our enterprise-based businesses, including Production Mail, Presort, Software and Cross-Border Ecommerce were not materially impacted by the transition. However, given the scale and run rate nature of selling to a large installed based in our SMB and shipping businesses, there were impacts to revenue and profit resulting from the transition.
This manifested itself principally in two areas; first in sales productivity, particularly inside sales and supply sales where selling days were lost to conversion, training and early productivity; and second in financing-related fees as a result of proactive waivers to compensate for delayed billing associated with the system cutover and client acclimation to new billing formats.
To give you some sense of the work needed to do this transformation, we had to take down multiple older legacy systems, do a phased ramp up of new functionality, train across our sales, service, customer care and back office teams, and then validate the new processes. All these efforts had an impact on sales productivity.
Our inside sales and supply sales groups initiate and make sales on the same day often in a single call, so time off the phone is lost sales productivity. So while it's not our practice to provide comments on monthly activity, we thought it'd be instructive to provide insight in this case, given the unique circumstances related to the system's go-live.
The impact on our results from this change was most pronounced in the month of April. We began to see productivity improvements in May as teams adapted to new processes, but we were not yet at pre go-live levels. By June, sales and supplies performance began to normalize closer in line with pre go-live levels. Late June and early July results suggested return to pre go-live levels, and we will continue to drive further automation and process enhancements throughout the second half.
It is our estimate when comparing monthly activity in the second quarter to pre go-live activity levels in the first quarter this year and second quarter of last year that total revenue was reduced in the second quarter by an estimated $15 million to $20 million or 2 percentage points related to our systems go-live activities.
Based on the mix of revenue impacted, we estimate the EBIT margin impact to be about 100 basis points. Overall earnings before interest and taxes or EBIT is estimated to have been negatively impacted by about $9 million to $12 million or an estimated $0.03 per share. Earnings results for the quarter also included costs of development and deployment of our business platform.
While we continue to make refinements and enhancements to the system and have opportunities for further improvements and productivity, we believe material impacts to revenue related to the U.S. go-live are behind us as we enter the second half of the year. We are pleased that with the cutover in both Canada and the U.S., we now have approximately 80% of our revenue and the vast majority of our profit for the company deployed on our new infrastructure.
Turning to the quarter, we did see some improving trends in several parts of the business this quarter as compared to our first quarter results, but in addition to the impacts of our enterprise business platform, Software continued to underperform, as Marc mentioned. Within Global Ecommerce, our Cross-Border Ecommerce business grew organically at a double-digit rate over prior year and improved its EBIT margin from first quarter performance.
The shipping solutions business was down year-over-year, in part as a result of the enterprise business platform cutover. International Mailing's revenue comparison continues to improve from prior trends. Production Mail saw an improvement in its revenue comparison and EBIT margin. Presort Services also continued to show revenue growth, though at a lower rate than in prior quarters.

Our Software business continued to experience lower license sales year-over-year as we take actions to improve our channel effectiveness. As Marc outlined, we are improving sales efficiency and are making good progress expanding the indirect channels to improve our market access. As he noted, we added a total of 11 new and regional systems integrators. These actions will take time to be fully reflected in the results, but we've already increased our pipeline of deals during the second quarter.
I also wanted to highlight that the work we have done thus far to invest in and change our business operating infrastructure continues to be balanced with our commitment to managing total return to shareholders. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately $66 million in shares of our common stock and continued to pay a competitive dividend. This brings our year-to-date total share repurchase to about $195 million or a little over 10 million shares and, at the end of the quarter, we have about $20 million remaining on our authorization of $150 million.
Let me now take you through the high level second quarter financial results, and then I'll provide details on each of the segment's results and provide an update on our 2016 guidance. Please note that a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the financial schedules appended to our earnings press release and earnings slides, which are posted on the pitneybowes.com website under the Investor Relations section.
Turning to the results, revenue for the second quarter totaled $836 million, which was a decline of 4% on a constant currency basis adjusted for market exits and a decline of 5% on a reported basis. The revenue impact of the systems cutover reduced consolidated revenues by an estimated $15 million to $20 million or about 2 percentage points of growth.
Revenue in our SMB segment group declined 7% on a constant currency basis adjusted for market exits and declined 8% on a reported basis. Within SMB, North America Mailing's revenue comparison to prior year was adversely impacted by an estimated 5 percentage points due to the temporary business impact of the cutover to the new enterprise business platform in the U.S.
Revenue in our Enterprise Business Solutions group grew 1% on a constant currency basis adjusted for market exits and was flat on a reported basis. Digital Commerce Solutions revenue grew 12% on a constant currency basis and 11% on a reported basis.
Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.39. When compared to the prior year, our adjusted earnings per share results this quarter were impacted by the estimated $0.03 impact that I discussed earlier related to the disruption caused by the system integration cutover, $0.02 of incremental ERP expense and $0.02 of income recorded in the second quarter 2015 for our Imagitas business that was subsequently divested last May.
GAAP earnings per share were $0.28, which included $0.09 in restructuring charges recorded in the quarter and a $0.01 loss from discontinued operations. Free cash flow was $86 million and we generated $95 million on a GAAP basis in cash from operations.
Free cash flow was slightly favorable to prior year as favorable working capital and lower capital expenditures were partly offset by lower net income. Free cash flow was also impacted by delayed billing and collections activity associated with the systems cutover. These impacts are expected to normalize in the second half of the year.
During the quarter, we returned cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. We spent $66 million on the repurchase of our common stock, buying 3.5 million shares in the quarter. We also paid $35 million in dividends to our common shareholders. Additionally, we made $12 million in restructuring payments. The company also received $18 million of cash from investing activities related to the sale of a building in Troy, New York.

Turning to the income statement, adjusted earnings before interest and taxes or adjusted EBIT was $154 million this quarter, which was $26 million lower than the prior year, as a result of the reduced revenue related to systems cutover as well as incremental ERP and R&D expenses, the sale of Imagitas and the software revenue decline. Adjusted EBIT margin was 18.4%. Adding back depreciation and amortization, adjusted EBITDA was $199 million for the quarter
SG&A for the quarter was $289 million, which was $17 million or 5% lower than the prior year. As a percent of revenue, SG&A was 34.5%, which was nearly flat to last year. SG&A declined in absolute terms year-to-year, primarily driven by lower employee-related cost. This quarter included incremental ERP and marketing expenses. Also, when compared to the prior year, current year SG&A includes a full quarter of amortization expense associated with the acquisition of Borderfree.
In support of the savings objectives related to our enterprise business platform rollout, we recorded a pre-tax restructuring charge of $17 million at the end of the quarter for actions taken to improve operational efficiency and productivity across our business portfolio. In addition, we recorded an asset impairment charge of $8 million in the quarter.
Also, R&D expense increased from prior year by $6 million as a result of bringing new solutions like SendPro, SmartLink and the Commerce Cloud to market concurrent with our infrastructure rollout. In addition, investments in ecommerce R&D were up from prior year due to the integration of our technology platforms.
Net interest expense, which includes financing interest, was $34 million, which was a decline of about $5 million when compared to the prior year, which is a result of the actions we have taken to manage our debt portfolio. Average outstanding borrowings during the quarter were about $200 million higher than the prior year.
The average interest rate this quarter was 4.46%, which was about 80 basis points lower than the prior year. Effective tax rate on adjusted earnings for the quarter was 35.7%, which was 320 basis points higher than the prior year's tax rate. This reflects increased tax attributable to a change in the mix of earnings.
Now, I'd like to discuss our second quarter results for each of our business segments. This information can also be found in our earnings press release and the slides that we post to the pitneybowes.com website under the Investor Relations section.
For SMB Solutions, in North America Mailing revenue was $322 million and EBIT was $142 million. As I discussed earlier, we have estimated this quarter's revenue comparison to prior year was negatively impacted in the range of $15 million to $20 million or about 5% due to the revenue reduction related to the enterprise business platform implementation and its impact on equipment sales and recurring revenue streams. Of the estimated revenue reduction, the split is roughly two-thirds equipment sales and one-third for the recurring revenue streams.
I should note these temporary impacts related to the system cutover in the quarter are not ongoing changes in the end market. Therefore, on a reported basis, equipment sales and recurring revenue streams declined from prior years at a greater rate versus prior quarter trends. EBIT margin was 44.2%, which was 50 basis points lower than prior year, mostly the result of the lower revenue.
In International Mailing, revenue was $106 million and EBIT was $13 million. The segment's year-over-year revenue performance continues to improve. Equipment sales grew from prior year, most notably in France, Italy and Japan, in part due to improved sales productivity from the go-to-market changes, especially in France.

The decline in recurring revenue streams was also the lowest we saw in seven quarters. Overall, constant currency revenue adjusted for market exits was flat to the prior year. EBIT margin was 12%, which was 80 basis points lower from prior year, primarily due to the equipment sales mix of business.
Turning to Enterprise Business Solutions, our overall segment group's revenue was flat on a reported basis and grew 1.5% when adjusting for Production Mail market exits, which is in line with our long-term outlook for the segment.
In Production Mail, revenue was $96 million and EBIT was $13 million. Equipment sales grew over prior year due to higher sorter equipment installations. Support services and supplies revenue declined, in part as a result of some in-house mailers shifting their mail processing to third-party outsourcers and the recent market exits. EBIT margin was 13.5%, which was an improvement of 320 basis points from prior year and mostly driven by service delivery cost management initiatives.
In Presort Services, revenue was $116 million and EBIT was $21 million. Revenue benefited from the higher volume of first-class mail processed as well as expansion into the St. Louis, Chicago and Portland markets, but was partly offset by lower volumes of Standard Mail processed. EBIT margin was 18.3%, which was a decline of about 240 basis points versus prior year, primarily as a result of the USPS rate change and increased labor costs.
For Digital Commerce Solutions, in Software Solutions, revenue was $90 million and EBIT was $10 million. Revenue declined from prior year due to lower licensing revenues and lower data-related revenue. As Marc outlined and I noted earlier, we are actively signing up new systems integrators and reseller partners as part of our continued focus on expanding the indirect channel and improving sales efficiency to improve the pipeline of deals. EBIT margin was 11.2%, which was a decline of 510 basis points versus prior year, mostly due to the lower licensing revenue, which has a high margin. We are taking actions to further improve our software margins.
In Global Ecommerce, revenue was $105 million and EBIT was $4 million. Results this quarter included a full quarter of Borderfree revenue as compared to one month of revenue in the prior year. Revenue benefited from strong growth in the UK marketplace business and the launch of new retail storefronts. Outbound U.S. marketplace package shipments grew in the quarter despite the stronger U.S. dollar versus prior year.
When adding pre-acquisition Borderfree revenue back to the prior year for comparative purposes, organic growth in our Cross-Border business was 11%. This compares favorably to the first quarter, which was slightly down from prior year. The improved second quarter performance is due to the growth in outbound volumes in both the UK and the U.S. Shipping revenue declined from prior year, in part, as a result of the enterprise business platform cutover and lower license sales.
EBIT margin was 3.5%, which was a slight decline of 40 basis points versus prior year. This was due to the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, investments for growth in the business and a lower mix of our higher margin domestic shipping business, which more than offsets synergy savings. This business remains on track to achieve its synergy run rate objective by year end.
One thing of note I'd like to also address is the impact of Brexit on our Global Ecommerce business. Due to the vote passing late in June, we did not see any material impact on our results in the second quarter. It is still early days and difficult to determine the longer-term impact to the business. However, in the short term, the weakening British pound has created additional opportunity for our UK outbound business, but has an opposite impact for U.S. goods into the UK as the goods have now become more expensive. We'll continue to monitor this situation.

Early July results suggest that the UK outbound growth is being more than offset by the decline in U.S. outbound to the UK. Over time, expansion and globalization of our Cross-Border Ecommerce business will create natural hedges that should moderate the impacts of currency movements.
That concludes my comments on our financial performance for the quarter. Now, I'd like to discuss our updated annual guidance and provide some insights for the second half of 2016. Based on year-to-date results, particularly in Software along with the second quarter temporary impact in North America Mailing as a result of the new enterprise business platform cutover, the company is adjusting its annual guidance. We will take the added step this one time to provide further details on both our second half and full year guidance.
For full year 2016, we now expect revenue on a constant currency basis to be in the range of a 1% decline to 3% decline when compared to 2015; adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.75 to $1.82, which excludes the year-to-date charge of $0.13 related to restructuring, asset impairment, dispositions expense and discontinued operations; free cash flow to be in the range of $400 million to $450 million. We are also narrowing the range of our annual tax rate on adjusted earnings and now expect it to be in the range of 33% to 35%.
For the second half of the year, we expect constant currency revenue to be in the range of 2% growth to 2% decline compared to the constant currency decline of 4% experienced in the first half of the year. We expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.03 to $1.10 and free cash flow to be in the range of $254 million to $304 million.
To achieve improvement in the second half as compared to the first half of the year, we expect the North America Mailing business to return to a more normalized level as we progress throughout the second half. Our Enterprise Solutions Group is expected to perform similar to the first half.
And Digital Commerce Solutions performance levels, subject to no material changes in key currency valuation or any new material impacts from the Brexit decision or Canada post-labor negotiations, are expected to improve from the first half performance levels. We expect software license revenue growth to improve as a result of the progress we are making in channel efficiency and channel partner engagement.
For Global Ecommerce, we expect constant currency revenue in the second half to grow double digits post the anniversary of the Borderfree acquisition. This will be driven by continued transaction volume growth as well as the acquisition of new and expansion of existing retail clients.
Adjusted earnings per share in the second half when compared to the first half will benefit from the expected revenue improvements, reduced marketing and ERP spend, and, particularly in the fourth quarter, the early benefits from the infrastructure cost savings. Free cash flow in the second half as compared to the first half will benefit from the recovery of delayed billing and collections activity related to the systems cutover.
I would also like to provide an update on our overall ERP project. With the U.S. launch, we now have the majority of our revenue, profit and transactional activity on our new platform. In the second half of 2016, in North America, we will focus on optimization of the platform, driving revenue from our new Commerce Cloud solutions enabled by the platform and delivering the savings opportunity related to the program.
In addition, we've begun the implementation, planning and integration for our international rollout in 2017. We are still on track to achieve the targeted levels of expense and benefits in 2016. To date in 2016, we have expensed about $20 million and have recognized some early benefits. We expect some benefits to come in during the third quarter, but the majority to materialize in the fourth quarter.

Additionally, we will spend incremental CapEx in 2016 related to the ERP program to enhance automation of manual processes, increase web capabilities for client self-service, and add new functionality. This added capital is not expected to increase the company's overall CapEx spending for the year due to lower spending in other areas. We'll provide a more detailed update on the overall program performance and benefit realization at our Analyst Day later this year.
That concludes my remarks. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
The first question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah, Brean Capital. Please go ahead.
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC
Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Hey, just a couple if I could. The first one, just wanted to go back to your remarks on the Ecommerce business and get a couple of clarifications. First off, could you – Mike, could you go back over the organic growth commentary for this quarter and what you said your related organic growth was from the year ago quarter. And then I have a follow up on that. Thanks.
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Sure. In terms of the Ecommerce organic growth looking at the Cross-Border business was 11% in the second quarter. And that compares to it being slightly down in the first quarter. One of the main drivers, obviously, has been the improving comparison of the U.S. dollar relative to the other currencies that we sell to outbound in the U.S. In addition to that, very strong growth in our UK outbound business and addition of new retailers to the marketplace or the retail component of our business. So, we've seen that improve in terms of growth in outbound volumes from both markets, so we feel good about the direction of that now that we have a better currency comparison.
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC
And the Cross-Border growth of 11%, that includes everything that you just spoke of. It includes the UK outbound as well as the Borderfree outbound and your traditional eBay outbound. Is that...
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Correct. So, we think of the traditional eBay as a marketplace and the Borderfree component more as the retail. That's inclusive of both of those pieces.
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC
Okay. Awesome. And then, another clarification. Was I accurate in interpreting your remarks that the FX headwind from U.S. outbound into the UK is actually being, for the most part, offset by the FX tailwind from your UK business outbound now as well?
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. If you look at – and again, given the change in the value of the pound in the last several weeks, given the Brexit vote, it's early days to know exactly what the pluses and minus will be. But the weakening of the British pound has actually made purchases from the UK grow because of the lower cost to buy from the UK.
And the flip side of that is UK is an important outbound market from the U.S., and that's made the goods from the U.S. a little more expensive into the UK. So, it's actually early days a slight negative given the amount of volume outbound from the U.S. But as the UK grows that obviously diminishes.
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC
Okay, got it. You mentioned – you made comments just a moment ago about – for Border reaching the returns goals by the end of the year. And so could you context that for us a little bit? The overall margins for the business there, I think, was 3.5% this quarter, which is a decent snap back.
If I recall, upon acquisition, the returns commentary you guys made for Border, I believe, was mid-teens or 15% over the first 18 months of the kind of acquisition close. I would just love to get a sense of what we can expect for the margins as we go through the second half of the year and sort of what it means to you guys to kind of hit your return targets for Border as per your remarks by the December quarter. Thanks.

Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Sure. Let me just approach it from a high level. So, if you think about from an acquisition standpoint, what we said upfront was we would get $20 million, $25 million of synergies out of the business. If you look at the amortization associated with the intangibles of the business, that runs at about $18 million a year, so getting those to be offset, so we've gone from basically flat to a little bit positive in the first quarter in that business.
We think the leverage in the growth and the volumes is ultimately what drives the margin. We still have some synergies left to go through the balance of the year to get, so we see margin upside. The 15% margin is a long-term objective for the Digital Commerce Solutions business. I would say we're where we expect to be with the acquisition in terms of sort of the rate and pace of achieving the synergies as well as beginning to see the growth and the volume in the business.
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC
Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks a lot. I'll cede the floor for now.
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Thank you.
Operator
And our next question is from the line of Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Partners LLC
Hey. Good morning, Marc and Mike. I wanted to ask you, you talked about the ERP system now impacting about 80% of revenue, and I was wondering the confidence level why the remaining 20% will go well and according to your plan and in time?
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Sure. The simplest answer to that is the more complex implementation of the program is in the U.S., because we have the broadest range of business models, the highest volume of activities. So, getting it right in the U.S. accomplishes two things really.
One is it obviously gives us a lot of experience in doing the cutover process and converting data and all that. Second, we're maturing the platform. And so, when we go to the other market, we have a much more complete and fully featured solution. And we've got people who have been through the process of implementation. So that strengthens our view of our ability to bring that into the other markets.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Partners LLC
So, Mike, if you look – what do you think went wrong? It seems as though – I believe you had the Canadian ERP solution in first if I remember right and that went well. As you look was it just the scope of the project because the U.S. is such a large market or was it something else that resulted in this not going as well as you would have liked?
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
I wouldn't say it didn't go well at all. I would say it went quite well. The impacts we're talking about here are really due to lost selling days. If you think about inside sales and supplies, every day is a selling day. And so, as part of a natural cutover, you take systems down, you go through training. Those are lost selling days. So, we don't think at all that this was problematic. We think actually it went quite well that in three months we're back where we started before and have a opportunity for further improvement.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Partners LLC
Just one final one. Could you just provide maybe a little bit granularity about the earnings cadence you would expect in the third quarter and fourth quarter? I know you said fourth quarter you'll get the biggest benefit, but you still understand what type of benefit. It seems like fourth quarter has to be a pretty good quarter for you guys from a year-over-year earnings standpoint. I just want to make sure that I understand maybe the cadence of earnings.

Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. It'll definitely be more weighted to the fourth quarter for a couple of reasons. One is – and probably most significant is the benefits associated with the ERP rollout. So, there are a couple of things that happened. One is productivity in the back office. We obviously ramped up resources to ensure we went through the cutover process smoothly. We'll ramp down those resources over time.
We'll begin to get the benefits of taking the old systems down and those types of things. So those benefits will be skewed to the second half. We'll also continue to see improvement in the productivity of our sales organizations, back office organizations, finance, IT as we – as people get more familiar, more comfortable with the system. So, we clearly see a heavier benefit from that in the fourth quarter.
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I'd like to just add to Mike's comment about the implementation. I've had the opportunity to see probably 100 of these implementations. This is about as good as it gets. So, if you think of the life cycle of these systems and processes that we're deploying, it's measured in a decade or so. To have 60 days of interruption for a decade of benefit of $100 million plus, I'll take that trade every time. It's certainly wasn't helpful for the quarter, but it was the right thing to do for the long term of the business. And just the simple scale of the United States is so much greater than Canada and Canada was so much greater than everything else. This was the difficult deployment that we really had to focus on.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Partners LLC
All right. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator
We have a question from the line of George Tong, Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Good morning.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Can you elaborate on when you expect North American SMB revenues to return to more normalized declines of about 2%?
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
So, we've talked about the normalized run rate of the SMB business being kind of minus 2% to minus 4% from a market perspective. And if you look at over the last several quarters, we've certainly been in that range. And we believe now having gone through the sales force change as well as now the systems change that we should be able to return to that level, so it's sort of pre-impact and post our change in go-to-market. And then, obviously, we've begun to bring new products to market that should provide us some enhanced opportunities as well.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Got it. And then from a timing perspective, would you expect 4Q to be the quarter where you see the sort of 2% range and 3Q more of a transitional quarter?
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
In terms of absolute numbers, I'm not going to do that by quarter, but, certainly, the fourth quarter we think we're fully back on track. We think the third quarter certainly will be a significant improvement from this current quarter as a result of (44:19) late June or early July, we were pretty much back on track to where we were prior to the go-live.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Got it. That's helpful. You touched on new software sales channels with partnerships with system integrators. Can you discuss any other steps you've taken to further improve software sales execution?

Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. Let me kind of divide this into a couple of different layers. As we talked about earlier in the year, we brought in new leaders. They are continuing to evolve the team. I would characterize those changes as on the edges, but certainly not anything terribly disruptive. We're continuing to invest in the products. So, if you look at the second quarter, you would see R&D spending gone up and that certainly had a lot of different contributors to it. But our Digital Commerce business, including Software, was an aspect to that.
And we're looking at what I would say as tuck-in type of acquisitions. So we made an acquisition in the second quarter of a company called Maponics. Fairly small in size, but helps our products get better. So, we're evolving the management team. We're continuing to invest in the products. And then, obviously, our central focus has been channels. My thesis all along has been we've got the right products, so we need to continue to invest in those, but we've got to get the channels to get us to these new markets.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Very helpful. And then lastly in Global Ecommerce, can you discuss your plans to launch any potential new outbound shipping countries beyond the U.S. and UK and any other discussions you've had to add new large marketplaces to supplement growth?
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. So, George, we just announced in the last week that we are beginning outbound from Australia. So, we have a number of retailers that we're beginning that process with. So, we continue to look at opportunities to expand globally. That is our next and newest market. And we'll continue to look at other markets as we go forward.
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I would also say our thinking has shifted a touch on this subject in that if you would've asked me a year ago what were our primary drivers of growth in Ecommerce, I would've said the addition of more outbound countries. Actually, I'm now starting to think that the best and closest opportunity for growth is what I said before and that is outbound from the United States, outbound from the UK, outbound from Australia, but into markets like China and India, given the consumer and the middle-class evolution in those places coupled with the strong brands that we have partnerships with in the U.S., the UK. That has become the most obvious near-term opportunity for growth. So, we'll double down on some of those outbound range from markets we're already in, in order to facilitate growth into markets that have good engines of growth.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)
Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Shannon Cross, Cross Research. Please go ahead. Shannon Cross, your line is open.
Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC
Oh, sorry about that. Marc, I wanted to follow up on the last question or actually the last comment you made, because I'm curious what specifically can you do to drive more sales outbound into China and India? What do you think the retailers need from a support standpoint and just sort of how does that market ramp up?
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
So, I think there'll be a couple of different levels to it. If you look at China as an example, we'll work to facilitate partnerships with companies in China, potentially marketplaces, but other partners as well that can carry the brand that we have from the U.S. and UK into those markets.
I would see it as an expansion of partnerships that we already have. And as you know, we have relationships with Alipay and Tmall in China. We'll look for more activity with those partners in those spaces and likewise in India. China becomes a pretty good metaphor for the kinds of partnerships, so what can you do with marketplaces in India that help carry the very strong brands from U.S. and UK into those marketplaces.

Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Shannon, I would add to that that because we present their whole portfolio of goods from often the U.S., UK outbound, we can also help them selectively present certain product categories into certain markets where we know there's a high propensity for buy against that.
So, when you think about the broader Pitney Bowes portfolio and our ability to help clients identify growth opportunities in that with our customer engagement solutions and the like, one of the benefit is helping them get the right products to the right market, not necessarily their entire portfolio or even the retailer brand itself, but subsets of their offerings into given market. So, we see that as a significant value-add beyond the traditional process of just pricing and outbound transaction and getting it delivered.
Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC
Okay, great. And then, I'm curious on SG&A, what's the kind of a normalized level for SG&A? I assume it was down a little bit more than normal this quarter because you had the missed sales, but obviously, 34% is getting down closer to the low 30% level you've talked about, maybe high 20%s at one point, that goes back a long time. But I'm just kind of curious as to how you're thinking about with the ERP implementation and all the puts and takes with the branding in that how we should think about SG&A when we get out a year or so.
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. Clearly, the benefits that we will get from the implementation of our platform will show up predominantly in the SG&A line. So, we believe that on a percentage of revenue basis, we'll continue to drive that number down as we go out. Obviously, the fourth quarter will see more improvement than the third quarter. And then, to your point of a year out, as we begin to get the larger share of the benefits of that system, we should see that number coming down further.
Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC
Okay. And then, Mike, how are you thinking about cash flow on sort of – again, I hate to keep using the word normalized because we never – the world is never normal, but when you think about cash flow, you reduced it a bit this year with some puts and takes in that. How should we think about maybe working capital benefits offset by, I don't know, investment? Just can you give us some color? I know you don't want to guide a year out, but...
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
I would say the simplest way to look at it, and we talked about this at our last Analyst Day, is that the single biggest variable going forward will be the growth in earnings. And so, if you think about the way our balance sheet's evolving, financed receivables as the Mailing business stabilizes should stabilize more. That's one of the drivers of free cash flow coming down over the last few years. We have less inventory dependency on the businesses that grow. The cash cycles for those businesses are shorter. So, we should see a fairly stable contribution of working capital and other balance sheet-driven items, and the big variable will be earnings growth.
Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC
Okay, great. And then my final question is just on the Canadian labor negotiations. How do we think about the potential impact there? Is it mainly on the shipping side or is there something that could come through on the SMB Mailing as well?
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
I would say it's principally on the Ecommerce side. So to the extent that there was concern about using Canada post by ecommerce players, they might divert transactions away from them or slow down their ecommerce activity. Early on in this process there was, I'd say, more noise about a disruption. Both sides have indicated they want to negotiate this. So, we continue to monitor that, and we'll see what the potential impact is, but we're hopeful that that will come to resolution.

Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC
Great. Thank you very much.
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Thank you.
Operator
We have a question from the line of Allen Klee, Sidoti. Please go ahead.
Allen Klee - Sidoti & Co. LLC
Yes. Good morning. How would you characterize the impact of the advertising campaigns that you've done, and any thoughts on changing your prior guidance of kind of the spend on it?
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, I'll take the first half and I'll let Mike take the second half. As I had mentioned, I believe, earlier in the year, I did some brand health work after the advertising had been launched. And we saw, I would say, meaningful improvements in consideration rates, and that's precisely what we had hoped for.
So this is something that we'll roll out over years, not months or quarters. But early indications are that investments in the brand have paid off. So, we'll contemplate how we move forward with investments, given the realities of our business in the second half. But there's no doubt that this is something that our focus is going to continue to be on enhancing our brand.
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
So, in terms of how to look at it in the financials, I think early on we had talked about sort of the first and fourth quarters being more elevated. Last quarter, we said we would pull some of that second half forward to the second quarter, which we did do. So, we expect kind of second half to be more in line with the prior year spend. And then, as Marc said, going into 2017, we'll evaluate the level of spend going forward.
Allen Klee - Sidoti & Co. LLC
Thank you. And then any commentary on the performance of your digital stamp and multicarrier solutions?
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I would say in sort of digital stamp, we have two products. One is more of a postal oriented product, pbSmartPostage, and we recently launched SendPro, which is a multicarrier shipping, SaaS platform. We had good success. That just launched in late April; good early success with the shipping platform selling into our customer base and really expanding the value proposition there. In pbSmartPostage, we continue to add new customers there, albeit we're still a relatively small part or a small share in that overall market. So, we do see continuing opportunity on both those fronts.
Allen Klee - Sidoti & Co. LLC
Okay. Thanks. And then, as you – part of your strategy in Software is to push the channel. Do you think that has an impact on the longer-term margin outlook for Software?
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
No. Well, it will rebalance the margin between cost and expense. So, what you may find in some of these relationships that we offer some discounts off of the pricing of our software as a benefit to these systems integrators, but the flipside is that it allows us to have a different SG&A profile. So, from a net perspective, it will work out the same, although it might be slightly rebalanced.
Allen Klee - Sidoti & Co. LLC
Okay. And lastly, for your ERP rollout internationally, how do we think about when you're timing that for next year?
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
We'll probably update further at the Analyst Day that we're going to have in the early part of December. But we're continuing to look at balancing the opportunities to enhance the North American piece with the international rollout. The other important piece of it is the data cleansing process. And so we're in the midst of that now. So, we'll finalize the timing of that as we go forward, and we'll give a further update in December. But we feel good about the opportunities in North America for getting our cost benefits as we go out.

Allen Klee - Sidoti & Co. LLC
Thank you.
Operator
We have a question from the line of Glenn Mattson, Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Glenn G. Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Hi. Just with regards to Australia, can you say is that something you expect to contribute this year? Also, can you tell us how big you expect that outbound market could get? And then, lastly, in the past, you talked about rolling out other markets in line with your biggest customer in Ecommerce or your biggest partner, and now you're saying the thinking has changed a little bit. So I just wonder has their thinking changed also or how is that going?
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
So, in terms of Australia, when you think about the largest outbound markets, obviously, the U.S. and UK are either the largest or top five types of markets. Australia is one of the top 10 markets, but obviously smaller than the U.S. and UK. As we've seen in both the U.S. and UK, there's a ramping process that takes some time to roll itself out, and once you get the first few retailers out there then we look to add around that. We've been very pleased with the ramp up of the UK. And so we'll expect, over time, Australia to grow. I don't expect it to be a huge contributor in the second half of the year, but certainly, begin to lay the ground work for some sustainable revenue over time.
In terms of expansions into other markets, I think as Marc mentioned, we're obviously going to go where our partners and all see opportunity and want us to go where we think we can create a reasonable footprint and a profitable business. But we're going to balance that with the opportunities to really optimize the outbound opportunity around the world. I'd add that both in the UK and the U.S. we've expanded the number of countries we're outbound to. In the UK, it's now over 80 markets. In the U.S. it's over 100 markets.
Glenn G. Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. Thanks very much.
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Thank you.
Operator
And our last question is from Chapin Mechem with NE Investors. Please go ahead.
Chapin Potter Mechem - Northeast Investors Trust
Yeah. Hi, good morning. I'm wondering if you can address your plans for the PBIH preferred shares.
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah, we're still evaluating that. We think there's likely an opportunity to refinance that with traditional PBI debt, but we're in the midst of finalizing our plan for that now as we speak.
Chapin Potter Mechem - Northeast Investors Trust
Okay, and just a follow-up with that. So, with the step up, the 50% step up every six months, my rough math, if you keep them out is about $0.07 a share in the next year. Is that the sum right?
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
I don't have the number off the top of my head. I would say it's probably in the ballpark. Our expectation is we have an opportunity to refinance this.
Chapin Potter Mechem - Northeast Investors Trust
Great. And just one more thing on that, sorry, just to clarify, after 10/30 you could still take them out anytime at par, is that right, if it's not that done by the end of October?
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
That's correct.
Chapin Potter Mechem - Northeast Investors Trust
Great. Thank you.
Michael Monahan - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Thank you.
Operator
And Mr. Lautenbach, do you have any closing remarks?
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director

I do. Thank you. I'd like to build off of Allen's question, because I think it's an opportune segue. To a degree, for the last several years, I feel like we've been slogging uphill between market exits, channel shifts, the deployment of new systems, and you're all very familiar with the rest. With the deployment of our business platform in the United States, I feel like we've got some clear water in front of us and we're anxious to take advantage of that.
So, from my perspective, we'll make a judgment about when we roll out the rest of the business platform. But my priority is moving towards having some clear water, so we can begin to yield on investments that we've made. So, I'm not particularly pleased with our results financially in the first half. That being said, if you look at this transformation in the context that I always have, and that is what we are doing to improve the long-term ability of this business to create value, I couldn't be more pleased.
So, that's kind of where we are. As we move into the second half, I believe we are poised to begin to yield on some of the investments that we've made over the last quarters, the last several years, whether it'd be the investments in the brand, investments and our system investments in our channels and we're anxious to take advantage of that. So, we'll certainly update you more as the year goes on. But I think that's kind of a synopsis of where we are right now. So, I look forward to speaking with you again in 90 days.
Operator
And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. A replay of today's second quarter earnings call will be made available later today at pb.com. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Consumer Goods, Business Equipment, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All PBI TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Consumer Goods and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Consumer Goods and Retail StocksCarlisle Companies Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCSL• Today, 4:34 PM • SA TranscriptsColgate-Palmolive: Time To Move OnCL• Today, 4:29 PM • Josh Arnold•3 CommentsHasbro: Buy On The Drop?HAS• Today, 4:22 PM • Kumquat ResearchGeneral Motors Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGM• Today, 3:58 PM • SA TranscriptsKimberly-Clark Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKMB• Today, 3:57 PM • SA TranscriptsFord/GM Investors Should Sell Now: Ridesharing Will Soon Penetrate Suburbs, Devastate DividendsF, GM• Today, 3:54 PM • Max Greve•35 CommentsDaimler: An Unexpected Income StockDMLRY• Today, 3:12 PM • The Outsider•3 CommentsV.F. Corp.: Q2 Results Show Power Of BrandsVFC• Today, 2:50 PM • Stone Fox CapitaliRobot Trying To Transition To An Information Business - ImplicationsIRBT• Today, 2:42 PM • Gary Bourgeault•1 CommentFibria Celulose S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFBR• Today, 2:36 PM • SA TranscriptsSkechers USA: A Story Of Belief; Stock Could Appreciate Over 25%SKX• Today, 2:06 PM • Jared Orr•3 CommentsIs California Eliminating Incentives For All Teslas?TSLA• Today, 2:05 PM • Donn Bailey•37 CommentsDon't Worry About The Decline In Sedan Sales: SUVs And Pickup Trucks Are Making Up For ItF, FCAU, GM• Today, 12:11 PM • Anton Wahlman•14 CommentsVF Corporation Still Belongs In My PortfolioVFC• Today, 12:03 PM • Walter Zelezniak Jr•7 CommentsGraphic Packaging Holding Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGPK• Today, 11:57 AM • SA TranscriptsPVH - Thriving In A Difficult EnvironmentPVH• Today, 11:40 AM • Kenra Investors•1 CommentLamb Weston: What More Can You Ask For?LW• Today, 11:37 AM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsGM Cruises Through The Second QuarterGM• Today, 11:27 AM • Samuel Smith•7 CommentsGM: They Can't All Be WinnersGM• Today, 10:50 AM • Quad 7 Capital•2 CommentsJAKKS Pacific, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesJAKK• Today, 10:47 AM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsFerrari Sells Veblen Goods, Not CarsRACE• Today, 9:58 AM • Ensemble CapitalCal-Maine Foods - Challenging Conditions PrevailCALM• Today, 9:48 AM • The Value Investor•8 CommentsGM: A 'Not Bad' QuarterGM• Today, 9:39 AM • Celeritas Investments•9 CommentsProcter & Gamble: Get Ready For An Earnings SurprisePG• Today, 9:30 AM • Stefan Redlich•7 CommentsNestlé And Associated British Foods Are Tasty Investment MorselsNSRGY, ASBFY• Today, 9:22 AM • Dr. Harold Goldmeier•6 CommentsWessanen N.V. Koninklijke 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKJWNF• Today, 8:30 AM • SA TranscriptsWill Tesla's Balance Sheet End Its Dreams?TSLA• Today, 8:16 AM • ValueAnalyst•159 CommentsSensata Technologies Holding N.V. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesST• Today, 8:06 AM • SA TranscriptsProcter & Gamble: Pretty GoodPG• Today, 6:45 AM • Marc Gerstein•1 CommentI Sit On This Dividend Champion And Enjoy My DividendsPM• Today, 6:42 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•16 CommentsCoty, Inc.: Getting Serious About China Through E-CommerceCOTY• Today, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•6 CommentsTesla: The 'Ludicrous' Demand Growth Of Model STSLA• Today, 2:39 AM • BEV Consulting•53 CommentsPhilip Morris: The Good Bad QuarterPM• Yesterday, 10:02 PM • Bill Maurer•7 CommentsTesla's Attempts To Raid California Coffers Unlikely To Be FruitfulTSLA• Yesterday, 7:36 PM • EnerTuition•152 CommentsTesla, Batteries And Mobility: A Challenge For AutomakersTSLA• Yesterday, 6:40 PM • Carmi Turchick•154 CommentsBracing For General Motors' EarningsGM• Yesterday, 4:12 PM • Josh Arnold•6 CommentsThis Is When CALM Will SoarCALM• Yesterday, 3:42 PM • Christiaan Casper•11 CommentsFiat Chrysler Leveraging Its Brands Under MarchionneFCAU• Yesterday, 3:14 PM • Nick Cox•1 CommentHasbro Deserves Your AttentionHAS• Yesterday, 2:12 PM • L&F Capital Management•3 CommentsFive Below Is A Strong Buy In The Long RunFIVE• Yesterday, 2:09 PM • Kush Patel•2 CommentsThe Dawn Of The Tesla SmugglerTSLA• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Anton Wahlman•196 CommentsTesla Is Already Winning - Just Not In The Way A Lot Of Investors Want Or ExpectTSLA• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • FundamentalSpeculation.IO•51 CommentsTesla Maintains Strong Market Share Despite Onslaught Of CompetitionTSLA• Yesterday, 12:53 PM • Siddharth Dalal•201 CommentsTesla Now On The ClockTSLA• Yesterday, 12:48 PM • Bill Maurer•70 CommentsDaily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/21/17: S&W Seed, Lands' End, Old Line BancsharesSANW• Yesterday, 11:46 AM • InsiderInsightsCal Maine: Dire SituationCALM• Yesterday, 11:13 AM • Quad 7 Capital•13 CommentsFilthy Reaction To HasbroHAS• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • Quad 7 Capital•6 CommentsGermany's Alleged Auto Cartel Is In A Deadly SpiralAUDVF, BMWYY, DDAIF• Yesterday, 10:11 AM • Growth And Value•16 CommentsHasbro, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHAS• Yesterday, 8:49 AM • SA TranscriptsGeneral Motors Q2 Earnings: Two Metrics You Should Care AboutGM• Yesterday, 8:45 AM • General Expert•18 CommentsLululemon Needs To Step Up Its YOGA Pants GameLULU• Yesterday, 6:41 AM • Goddess Diogenes•16 CommentsHarley-Davidson - Lack Of Catalysts Keeps Me On The SidelinesHOG• Yesterday, 5:44 AM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsHarley-Davidson: Riding Off Into The SunsetHOG• Yesterday, 5:15 AM • Da Shi Research•4 CommentsHershey: Overpriced And OverleveragedHSY• Yesterday, 5:11 AM • Samuel Smith•12 CommentsGeneral Motors - Earnings Preview For 2nd Quarter 2017GM• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:42 PM • Brent A. Miller•10 CommentsLa-Z-Boy Forges Onward After Falling Short On Growth PlanLZB• Sun, Jul. 23, 5:25 AM • Underanalyzed EquitiesI Am Loving My Dividends From Philip MorrisPM• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:51 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•35 CommentsUnder Armour: Under Duress?UA, UAA• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:24 AM • D.M. Martins Research•15 CommentsTime To Be More Tolerant For This Growth Dairy Stock?SAPIF• Sat, Jul. 22, 5:26 AM • Brad MacIntoshEstimating ANFI's FY 2018 Margins And EarningsANFI• Sat, Jul. 22, 12:49 AM • Sven Carlin•16 CommentsNorthsight Capital Makes Cannabis Stocks Look BadNCAP• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:59 PM • Debra Borchardt•3 CommentsCoca-Cola: Where Does It End?KO• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:04 PM • Josh Arnold•18 CommentsPhilip Morris Q2 Earnings Summary: What You Need To KnowPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:52 PM • ValueAnalyst•22 CommentsTesla's South Australia Battery Deal Shows Why The Company Is Not An Energy CompanyTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:30 PM • EnerTuition•317 CommentsSkechers Looks Good Into 2018SKX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:19 PM • L&F Capital Management•8 CommentsDaily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/20/17: NAV, OLBK, SKIS, SHLO, TWNNAV• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:38 PM • InsiderInsightsAutomakers Invest In Nauto's $159 Million Financing RoundGM• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:37 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentAutonomous Driving Leaps Forward, Leaving Tesla BehindTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:14 PM • Donn Bailey•323 CommentsHotel California: Why Tesla Can Check Out Any Time It Likes, But It Can Never LeaveTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:13 PM • Trapping Value•166 CommentsVanguard Prepares To Destroy The S&P 500 AgainVDC• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:02 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•23 CommentsBurberry: Still Undervalued As It Builds Up To A Potentially Improved 2018?Editors' Pick • BURBY• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:00 AM • Dividend Drive•1 CommentAltria: Dividend Is Safe...For NowMO• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:11 AM • Josh Arnold•37 CommentsThe Dividend Stock Bubble Has Claimed Another VictimPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:04 AM • Josh Arnold•30 CommentsValue Trap: Adient Plc's Contradicting Growth OutlookADNT• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:19 AM • Centaur Investments•5 CommentsUnilever Up 43% YTD With More To ComeUL, UN• Fri, Jul. 21, 7:25 AM • Iron Value•10 Comments123456...435Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Everest Re's (RE) CEO Dom Addesso on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:06 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Acme United's (ACU) CEO Walter Johnsen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CommVault Systems' (CVLT) CEO Bob Hammer on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CVLT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Motors (GM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GM•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Saipem's (SAPMY) CEO Stefano Cao on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SAPMY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Crane's (CR) CEO Max Mitchell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Astec Industries' (ASTE) CEO Ben Brock on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASTE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SK Hynix's (HXSCL) CEO Kim Jun Ho on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HXSCL•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HCA Healthcare (HCA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HCA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




McDonald's (MCD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCD•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HNI's (HNI) CEO Stan Askren on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:00 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Equity Commonwealth's (EQC) CEO David Helfand on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DPZ•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Waters (WAT) CEO Christopher O'Connell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




J & J Snack Foods' (JJSF) CEO Gerry Shreiber on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JJSF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lamb Weston Holdings' (LW) CEO Thomas Werner on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LW•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Quest Diagnostics' (DGX) CEO Stephen Rusckowski on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DGX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




AK Steel Holding (AKS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Newmont Mining (NEM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NEM•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Agree Realty's (ADC) CEO Joey Agree on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ADC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




JetBlue Airways (JBLU) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JBLU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SUPERVALU (SVU) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SVU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Caterpillar (CAT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CAT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Centene Corporation's (CNC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hubbell's (HUBB) CEO Dave Nord on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUBB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:27 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Graphic Packaging Holding's (GPK) CEO Michael Doss on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GPK•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Logitech International's (LOGI) CEO Bracken Darrell on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LOGI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:22 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wabtec Corporation's (WAB) CEO Ray Betler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Core Laboratories' (CLB) CEO David Demshur on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4434Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



Marc Bradley Lautenbach - Old Greenwich, CT | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Marc Bradley Lautenbach in Old Greenwich, CT


Marc Bradley Lautenbach

                                                                           Intelius found that Marc Bradley Lautenbach  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Old Greenwich, CT.  We have connected them to
                15 addresses,
                11 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Marc Bradley Lautenbach is in his 50s

Marc Has Lived In

Old Greenwich, CT
Atlanta, GA
Tampa, FL

Marc's Relatives

Joy Lautenbach
Marilyn Dittrich
Annie Lautenbach
Thomas Lautenbach







Marc Bradley Lautenbach



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
President and Chief Executive Officer at Pitney Bowes Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Marc? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Marc, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Marc Bradley Lautenbach
Get a Criminal Check on Marc Bradley Lautenbach
Get a Public Record Report on Marc Bradley Lautenbach
Get a People Search Report on Marc Bradley Lautenbach


Marc Bradley Lautenbach's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Marc Bradley Lautenbach has lived as well as Marc Bradley Lautenbach's phone numbers and email addresses.




Marc Bradley Lautenbach Has Lived in 7 States
Connecticut Address for Marc Bradley Lautenbach


29 K******** R* 

Old Greenwich, CT


Has Lived In

Old Greenwich, CT
Atlanta, GA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Marc Bradley Lautenbach

(203) ***-**** - Riverside, CT 
(212) ***-**** - Chicago, IL 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Marc Bradley Lautenbach

a***o@***.com
d************n@***.com
m*************h@***.com


Get Email Report




Marc Bradley Lautenbach's Professional Information
Information regarding Marc Bradley Lautenbach's professional history.  Find out previous places Marc Bradley Lautenbach has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Marc Bradley Lautenbach Has Worked at 7 Places
Company: Pitney Bowes Inc.
               Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
Company: IBM
               Title: General Manager, Global Small and Medium Business, Sales
Marc Bradley Lautenbach's Experience
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Pitney Bowes Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Title: General Manager, Global Small and Medium Business, Sales
               Company: IBM
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 100,000 and above
Additional Professional Information on Marc Bradley Lautenbach

 See Marc Bradley Lautenbach's LinkedIn Profile



Marc Bradley Lautenbach's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Marc Bradley Lautenbach


Marc Bradley Lautenbach's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Marc Bradley Lautenbach's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Marc Lautenbach
Username Matches

                  MarcLautenbach
                  LautenbachMarc
                  Marc.Lautenbach
                  Lautenbach.Marc
                  Marc_Lautenbach
                  Lautenbach_Marc
                  Marc-Lautenbach
                  Lautenbach-Marc
                  MLautenbach
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Lautenbach







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















































PBI Marc Bradley Lautenbach Insider Trades for Pitney Bowes Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Pitney Bowes Inc.

                  NYSE: PBI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Pitney Bowes Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 4:27 p.m.


PBI

/quotes/zigman/238474/composite


$
15.96




Change

-0.0019
-0.01%

Volume
Volume 100,499
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/238474/composite
Today's close

$
			15.72
		


$
				15.96
			
Change

+0.24
+1.53%





Day low
Day high
$15.68
$16.13










52 week low
52 week high

            $12.31
        

            $19.33
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Marc Bradley Lautenbach



Mr. Marc B. Lautenbach is Independent Director at Campbell Soup Co. and President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Pitney Bowes, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Campbell Soup Co., Pitney Bowes, Inc., Denison University, and Catalyst, Inc.
Mr. Lautenbach was previously employed as Managing Partner-North America by International Business Machines Corp.
He received his undergraduate degree from Denison University and an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





02/21/2017
1,517


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $13.33 per share.


20,222


02/21/2017
1,517


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/07/2017
46,354


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $13.17 per share.


610,483


02/07/2017
117,083


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


11/02/2016
4,739


 
Acquisition at $14.76 per share.


69,947


02/11/2016
764


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $17.28 per share.


13,202


02/11/2016
764


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/02/2016
6,164


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $17.28 per share.


106,514


02/02/2016
17,949


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/02/2016
9,990


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $17.28 per share.


172,628


02/02/2016
28,880


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


10/30/2015
12,007


 
Acquisition at $20.81 per share.


249,865


02/03/2015
6,481


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $22.57 per share.


146,277


02/03/2015
17,949


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/03/2015
9,900


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $22.57 per share.


223,443


02/03/2015
28,881


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/04/2014
9,900


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $24.74 per share.


244,926


02/04/2014
28,881


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


05/07/2013
58,397


 
Acquisition at $15.36 per share.


896,977


05/07/2013
7,603


 
Acquisition at $15.36 per share.


116,782





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Marc Bradley Lautenbach 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Michael  Monahan 
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Stanley J. Sutula 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Joseph  Schmitt 
Chief Information Officer & Vice President




Mr. Christopher  Johnson 
Vice President-Global Financial Services




Mr. Bob  Guidotti 
Executive VP & President-Software Solutions




Mr. Jason C. Dies 
President-Document Messaging Technologies




Dr. Lila  Snyder 
President-Global Ecommerce Business Unit




Dr. Christoph  Stehmann 
EVP & President-Enterprise Solutions Group




Mr. Roger J. Pilc 
Chief Innovation Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Mark  Shearer 
Executive Vice President




Mr. Patrick M. Brand 
Vice President & President-Pitney Bowes Mailing




Ms. Debbie  Salce 
Treasurer & Vice President




Ms. Abby F. Kohnstamm 
Chief Marketing Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Steven J. Green 
Chief Accounting Officer & Vice President-Finance




Mr. Adam  David 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Mr. Jeff  Winter 
VP-Marketing, Communications & Software Solutions




Ms. Carol  Wallace 
Director-External Communications




Mr. William L. Hughes 
Chief Communications Officer




Ms. Johnna G. Torsone 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Daniel J. Goldstein 
Secretary, Chief Legal Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Michael Isor Roth 
Non-Executive Chairman




Ms. Linda S. Sanford 
Independent Director




Mr. David B. Snow 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Stewart Douglas Hutcheson 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Roger B. Fradin 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Ms. Anne Sutherland Fuchs 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. David Lloyd Shedlarz 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Ms. Linda G. Alvarado 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Eduardo R. Menascé 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Ms. Anne M. Busquet 
Independent Non-Employee Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:07 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:06pUSANA Health Sciences shares drop after company misses earnings, cuts outlook
5:03pWells Fargo raises dividend by 3% to 39 cents a share
5:00pWhy oil prices scored their biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:00p3M Co's logs worst-ever price drop, caps Dow's McDonald's-Caterpillar fueled rally
4:59pS&P 500, Nasdaq notch records, but historic collapse in 3M stock caps Dow's rally 
4:55piRobot raises forecast after boost from Amazon Prime Day, stock skyrockets to record levels
4:53pLong-dated Treasury yields jump most in 4 months as stocks, commodities rally
4:50pSEC concludes initial coin offerings are securities
4:47pBlue Apron co-founder Wadiak to step down from COO role
4:47pOil tops $48 as sources say API data show big drop in U.S. crude supply
4:37pWTI oil tops $48/bbl as sources say API data show hefty weekly drop in U.S. crude supplies
4:37pSept. WTI oil trades at $48.40/bbl, up from $47.89 Nymex settlement
4:36piRobot shoots more than 25% higher on earnings beat, forecast raise
4:36pU.S. Steel shares rally after earnings, outlook beat Street view
4:33pStocks are ignoring U.S. political uncertainty, but the dollar isn’t
4:28pAmgen shares down 3% after company's guidance on lower end of expectations
4:27pBREAKINGAMD jumps after beating on earnings, raising forecast
4:25pThree biotech companies to watch ahead of earnings
4:24pCORRECTEDS&P 500, Nasdaq finish at records as investors cheer earnings
4:20pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































Pitney Bowes (PBI) Marc Bradley Lautenbach on Q2 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Pitney Bowes (PBI) Marc Bradley Lautenbach on Q2 2015 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJul.30.15 | About: Pitney Bowes (PBI) Pitney Bowes, Inc. (NYSE:PBI)
Q2 2015 Earnings Call
July 30, 2015 8:00 am ET
Executives
Charles F. McBride - Vice President-Investor Relations
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Michael Monahan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC
Glenn G. Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator
Good morning and welcome to the Pitney Bowes' Second Quarter 2015 Results Conference Call. Your lines have been placed in a listen-only mode during the conference call until the question-and-answer segments. Today's call is also being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect your lines at this time.
I would now like to introduce your speakers for today's conference call, Mr. Marc Lautenbach, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Michael Monahan, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Charles McBride, Vice President-Investor Relations.
Mr. McBride will now begin the call with a Safe Harbor overview.
Charles F. McBride - Vice President-Investor Relations
Good morning. Included in this presentation are forward-looking statements about our expected future business and financial performance. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to be materially different from our projections.
More information about these risks and uncertainties can be found in our 2014 Form 10-K Annual Report and other reports filed with the SEC that are located on our website at www.pb.com and by clicking on Investor Relations. Please keep in mind that we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or developments.
Also, for non-GAAP measures used in the press release or discussed in this presentation, you can find reconciliations to the appropriate GAAP measures in the tables attached to our press release and also on our Investor Relations website. Additionally, we have provided slides that summarize most of the points we will discuss during the call. These slides can also be found on our Investor Relations website.
Now, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Marc Lautenbach will start with a few opening remarks. Marc?
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you, Charlie, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Earlier this year, I told you that 2015 was going to be a pivotal year in our transformation. I also told you that we would move forward with the same disciplined, focused required for the long-term success of the company. The objective of our transformation has been and continues to be to create long-term value.
In the second quarter, we took several actions to transform Pitney Bowes and to create value. We closed on the sale of our World Headquarters building and also closed on the sale of our Marketing Services business. Both of these transactions are clear evidence of our disciplined focus to unlock the value of our business and to be good stewards of our shareholders' capital.
In the case of our Marketing Services business, it was and is a great business. It fit with our overall portfolio, but is simply worth more to Red Ventures than it was to us. This is a clear demonstration of the kinds of actions we will take in order to create value for our shareholders.
On the other side of the ledger, and I'll come back to this later in my comments, we acquired Borderfree. Borderfree is a perfect fit with our Ecommerce business and is highly synergistic. Moreover, it positions Pitney Bowes as a clear leader in a fast-growing, multibillion dollar marketplace.

The actions which we took, which build on the work we did during the previous two years have strengthened our hand, they improved our competitive positions in key markets and made us more focused and more efficient. As a result, we're now at in inflection point in our transformation. The cumulative effects of the steps we've taken over the past three months will begin to fuel sustained, long-term growth and profitability.
In terms of the second quarter, Mike will give you the specific details. But I would characterize the results as mixed. Our Presort business continued to perform very well. Our North American SMB business continued to improve. And our North American software business executed well.
Conversely, our Ecommerce business growth rates were negatively affected by the strong dollar and I would say our overall performance in Europe was below what we had expected. And in general, the strong dollar continued to have a negative impact on our top and our bottom-line. In the near-term, the progress we made in the first half of the year sets us up for improved performance in the second half. As for the longer term, we will talk more about that at our Analyst Day in September.
Let me now comment on the progress of our long-term strategic initiatives. First, the stabilization of our mail business. In the second quarter, the decline of our SMB business continued to moderate and is now approaching the levels of performance we were experiencing before we adjusted our go-to-market. Albeit with a much more efficient and effective expense structure.
We expect to see continued progress in our North American SMB business in the second half of the year. Likewise, the progress, we have made in our North American SMB business reaffirms our conviction that we are on the right track with the changes we have made in Europe. Although clearly the changes have caused temporary disruptions.
Also of note, we made an important product announcement. On July 15th, we announced Relay Multi-Channel Communication Suite. Relay is a major step forward in providing small and medium business with an integrated solution that creates communications for both digital and physical channels. This product announcement is more than it may seem on first blush for a couple of reasons. First, this product announcement is an example of innovation in our legacy business. This announcement is the first of several we are planning. Second, and perhaps even more importantly, this is a great example of taking our digital capabilities and then driving them into our legacy business and ultimately our 1.5 million clients.
Initial responses from our clients from around the world have been very positive, and we believe this product will provide a lift to our business in the second half of the year. More and more, our focus is how we make our individual businesses accretive to one another; much more on this as we get to Analyst Day.
Second, our continued efforts to drive operational excellence into our business. As I've always said, operational excellence is only important if you can find the evidence in your balance sheet, your income statement, or your work with clients. We are seeing progress in all of these measures.
Our SG&A as a percent of revenue continued to improve in the second quarter, and our debt levels were $245 million lower than a year ago. The net of this is our gross and net margins continued to improve towards historically high levels. Also of note, we removed two layers of management and structure in our European SMB business. We believe these actions will reduce bureaucracy, improve our speed and accountability, and obviously will reduce our overall expense structure.
Finally, we continued to make progress on our systems projects. We exited an important phase of our systems test and entered into the next phase of testing with a focus on implementing in Canada later this year. This project will provide substantial benefits to our business, unlock value, and provide the right platform to better serve our clients. The net impact of all of these changes is that we are dramatically simplifying our business and building an effective and efficient platform for growth.

Finally, growing our business through Digital Commerce. The big highlight in the second quarter for this strategic initiative was the acquisition of Borderfree. Mike will give you the specifics, but this is one of the most exciting acquisitions I've been involved with. Borderfree had developed great capabilities for e-tailers, and coupled with our best-of-class capabilities for e-marketplaces, the two businesses are highly synergistic. In addition to providing more complete capabilities to the market, there are substantial synergies with respect to cost and expense structures.
Going forward, we have best-of-class capabilities, first-mover advantage in a multibillion dollar marketplace, growing at double digit plus rates. Again, we will talk more about this business at Analyst Day. And once again, our shipping software business had a good quarter, growing at double digit rates. We're using our SMB channel to sell the software product. This is another example of how we use our capabilities in one business to make another business better; one business being accretive to another business, and using our global distribution to take our product quickly around the world.
Also in the second quarter, we consummated a smaller transaction that probably flew under the radar screen. This acquisition was within our communications engagement software business. We acquired a small company that does personalized video billing. The acquisition increases the attractiveness of our core business and provides a very important capability to businesses that are creating bills.
The short-term results have been very encouraging. We've built a strong pipeline around the world. And this is a great example of buying a capability that is accretive to our core business. Our software business had mixed results in the quarter. We did have a difficult compare, as we landed a few large transactions last year in the second quarter. In the second quarter of this year, we do not have the benefit of particularly large deals and our software business in Europe performed below our expectations. I expect these dynamics to improve in the fourth quarter.
Finally, one last comment on our Marketing Services business. At one level, it would have been easier to retain this business. It was a good business fit, and made substantial improvements to our business in the last two years and was clearly helping our top line and bottom line.
That said, as stewards of our shareholders' capital, selling this business was the right thing to do. Today, we're also updating our guidance to balance a stronger outlook for the second half with the results through the first half of the year. A key reason for our first half outcome was the deleterious impact currency had on our Ecommerce business.
We expect these disruptions to be temporary and we are very encouraged by the deals we have signed since April and the pipeline for the second half of the year. Bottom line, we expect the currency issues to stabilize and this business to be back on the growth path going forward. Therefore, we are adjusting our full-year revenue guidance to -1% to +1%. Mike will provide greater detail on our second half outlook in his remarks.
The important point is we always choose the creation of long-term shareholder value over the more expedient path. So let me summarize, while I'd characterize the second quarter, and to an extent the first half results as mixed, we do believe the second half of the year will be on a much different track. And most importantly, we will continue to take the actions that drive long-term value to our shareholders. We have not and will not take the expedient path to optimize a quarter or even a year. It would certainly be easier to avoid making the necessary investments in our systems, investments in our brand, forgo disruptions in our go-to-market to protect a quarter, or to retain a business that was contributing to our quarterly results.

That is not what this management team, this story, or this company is all about. As we get to the back half of this transformation, the value and the benefits of our work is clearly in sight and my conviction and resolve about our path going forward is stronger than ever.
I will now turn the podium to Mike.
Michael Monahan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Thank you, Marc, and good morning. As we said, when we originally provided guidance, 2015 is a transition year on the company's major transformation to unlock additional value for shareholders and clients.
As Marc noted, we are now at an inflection point in the business. During the quarter, we completed two significant transactions, closed a number of open items, continued to streamline operations. And we saw our North American Mailing revenue further stabilize as a result of our go-to-market changes.
Accordingly, I'll spend a little more time this quarter de-layering our results to clarify our operational progress and how we are positioned for an improving outlook beginning in the second half of the year. During the first half of this year, we remained focused on three key objectives to stabilize mail, grow digital commerce and improve operational excellence.
In North American Mailing, we experienced a slowing rate of decline in revenue, which was the lowest rate of decline in the last five quarters. Because of this trend and as the sales force becomes more productive, we have higher confidence of continued improvement in revenue trends for this segment going forward.
Globally, the go-to-market transition is complete in most of our major markets. We are now implementing our transition in France. We expect these markets to improve in line with our North American experience. Additionally, we've completed several changes in our geographic footprint to exit low margin countries, the impact of which will annualize in the second half of this year. We will continue to evaluate the best markets to maintain a direct business presence. As a result of these and several other actions we have taken, we have significantly reduced our cost structure throughout the business, which has improved the company's overall margin, while at the same time helping us to operate more efficiently.
We have yet to recognize the full benefits of some of these initiatives. While we are seeing SG&A benefits of go-to-market changes across the portfolio, we intend to leverage these new selling capabilities with new value propositions. Over the past several weeks and months, we have brought to market several new products and services across our businesses that allow us to bring our technologies and platforms to different segments of our client base.
As Marc mentioned, we recently launched a SaaS-based SMB relay communications hub, which leverages our Production Mail and document security capabilities and also introduced our personal interactive video solutions for high volume mailers. We will discuss these and other product plans further at our Analyst Day on September 16.
We've also taken significant actions to reposition our portfolio, focusing on high growth opportunities in the global Digital Commerce markets. We exited our Marketing Services business for which we got good value and reinvested the proceeds in Borderfree, which significantly enhances our capabilities and positioning in cross-border e-commerce.
In addition to our operational progress, we resolved a couple of open items. We sold our former World Headquarters building freeing up approximately $40 million of capital and reached a settlement in principle to resolve a previously disclosed outstanding matter with the Department of Justice. We've also made substantial progress on our ERP program and are preparing for an initial pilot. We accomplished a lot in the second quarter; our path forward is clear on how we will improve our operational performance. Additionally, we have a stable capital structure that gives us flexibility in our capital allocation decisions.

So with that, let me breakdown our second quarter results for you. Once again, currency and the businesses we divested in Europe last year had a meaningful impact on the comparison of our reported results for the quarter. During the quarter, currency translation adversely impacted our revenue comparisons by $36 million or 4% and our earnings per share by nearly $0.02. Year-to-date, currency reduced revenue by $71 million and earnings per share by $0.03. These impacts are a result of the rapid strengthening of the U.S. dollar over the last year.
Beyond the translation effects, currency also continued to impact the volume of U.S. outbound cross-border purchases in our ecommerce business. Additionally, the divested revenues related to the strategic actions in Europe from last year, adversely impacted our revenue comparisons by more than $12 million or about 1%. Adjusting for currency and the businesses we divested in Europe last year, revenue would have declined about 3%. These headwinds will annualize in the second half of the year.
Let me now take you though the details of our income statement. And then, I'll review our business segment results. As a reminder, the company's second-quarter earnings-related documents, which include our press release, financial statements and slides can be found on our investor relations website.
Also note we revised our segment reporting to reflect how we are now operating the company. The Digital Commerce Solutions segment group is now comprised of our Software Solutions and Global Ecommerce segment. The Global Ecommerce segment results include our cross-border and shipping businesses.
A new segment called Other includes the results of our recently divested Marketing Services business, all other segments remain unchanged. This will enhance investor's ability to follow the performance of our key Digital Commerce growth initiatives going forward. The reclassified segment reporting on a historical basis can also be found on our investor website.
Turning to the income statement, revenue for the quarter totaled $881 million, which was a decline of 4% on a constant currency basis, and 8% on a reported basis. Total revenue declined 3% compared to the prior year when adjusted for currency and the businesses we divested in Europe last year. On a constant currency basis and adjusted for the divested revenues in Europe, revenue declined 4% in SMB Solutions and 2% in Enterprise Business Solutions. Revenue grew 4% in Digital Commerce Solutions driven by growth in global e-commerce. Revenue declined 26% in the other segment as a result of the sale of Marketing Services during the quarter.
Reported revenue including the significant impact of currency during the quarter declined 11% in SMB solutions, 5% in Enterprise Business Solutions and was flat in the Digital Commerce Solutions and declined 26% in other.
SG&A this quarter includes a one-time stock-based compensation charge of $10 million directly associated with the Borderfree acquisition. SG&A also includes one month's worth of amortization of Borderfree related intangibles of about $1 million. Adjusting for these items, SG&A declined $34 million from the prior year and as a percent of revenue improved by about 80 basis points.
Net interest expense which includes financing interest was $39 million, which was a decline of more than $3 million when compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBIT was $180 million, and adjusted EBIT margin improved to 20.4% or a 70 basis point improvement over prior year despite the inclusion of currency impacts, loss of one month of Imagitas income and amortization of Borderfree-related intangibles.
Adding back depreciation and amortization, adjusted EBITDA was $223 million. The effective tax rate on adjusted earnings was 32.5%, compared to 33.4% in the prior year. The lower tax rate this quarter is mostly due to the mix of earnings.

Turning to earnings per share, despite the lower revenue, we were still able to deliver adjusted EBIT margin improvement and earnings per share in line with our expectations.
GAAP earnings per share were $0.75 for the quarter. Adjusted earnings per diluted share were $0.45. Included in adjusted EPS is $0.02 per share of negative impact from currency. Adjusted EPS excludes $0.44 per share of other income, due to the net gain from the sale of Imagitas, $0.05 per share of other expense for transaction costs and fees related to the Borderfree and Imagitas transactions and the settlement in principle to resolve a previously disclosed outstanding matter with the Department of Justice.
$0.04 per share of compensation expense related to divesting of options associated with the Borderfree acquisitions and $0.04 per share for restructuring and asset impairment charges, including the sale of our former World Headquarters building. A reconciliation of our GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS can be found in our earnings press release and earnings slides.
Looking at free cash flow in the balance sheet, free cash flow during the quarter was $84 million and $96 million on a GAAP basis. In comparison to the prior year, second quarter free cash flow was lower, primarily due to timing of working capital requirements, lower reserve account deposits, and less of a decline in finance receivables.
At the end of the quarter, we had $3 billion of debt, which was about $245 million lower than the prior year. And we had $800 million of cash in short-term investments on the balance sheet. Average outstanding borrowings during the quarter were about $319 million lower than the prior year. The average interest rate this quarter was 5.27%, which was flat to the prior year. During the quarter, we returned $47 million of cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends, made $9 million in restructuring payments, and received approximately $40 million of cash related to the sale of our former World Headquarters building.
Also, we have $100 million of share repurchase authorization remaining. As share repurchases have become a higher priority in our capital allocation strategy, we expect to begin utilizing this authorization in the third quarter and intend to complete the share repurchases that are currently authorized by the end of the year. Also at the end of the quarter, we continued to have $100 million in commercial paper outstanding.
Turning to our business segment results. In North American Mailing, revenue for the quarter was $357 million and EBIT was a $159 million. Revenue declined 3% on a constant currency basis and 4% on a reported basis, while EBIT increased 2%. The decline in revenue was the lowest rate of decline in five quarters, reflecting a continuation of the stabilization in results. Equipment sales declined at a low single-digit rate as the disruption from the change in go-to-market subside, and as the sales organization becomes more productive. Recurring revenue streams trends were in line with prior quarters. EBIT margin was 44.7% and improved 250 basis points versus the prior year due to continued benefits from the mix of business, organizational streamlining and other ongoing cost reduction initiatives.
In International Mailing, revenue for the quarter was $111 million and EBIT was $14 million. Revenue declined 15% on a constant currency basis and 28% on a reported basis. Revenue declined 8% excluding currency and the divested revenues I mentioned earlier. During the quarter, results continued to be impacted by the implementation of the go-to-market initiative, with most of our major markets now complete.
France is out of consultation and is now implementing its go-to-market transition. Revenue comparison was also adversely impacted by the timing of postal rate changes in a number of countries. EBIT margin was 12.8%, which was a decline of 450 basis points versus the prior year, due primarily to lower mail finishing equipment sales, the impact of currency on some supply chain costs and the timing of postal rate changes.

Turning to the Enterprise Business Solutions group, in Production Mail, revenue for the quarter was $98 million and EBIT was $10 million. Revenue declined 7% on a constant currency basis and 13% on a reported basis. Revenue would have declined 6%, excluding currency and the divested revenues in Europe related to this segment.
The decline this quarter was due to lower support services revenue and fewer equipment sales in Europe and Asia. U.S. equipment sales grew as a result of an increase in the number of inserting equipment installations. EBIT margin was 10.3%, which was an improvement of 90 basis points versus the prior year due to favorable geographic mix and higher-margin equipment sales, as well as ongoing cost reduction initiatives. In Presort Services, revenue for the quarter was a $114 million, and EBIT was $24 million. Revenue grew 2% on both a constant currency and reported basis. Revenue benefited from higher volume of first-class mail process versus the prior year. EBIT margin was 20.7%, which was an improvement of 60 basis points versus the prior year due to revenue growth and ongoing operational productivity initiatives.
Turning to the Digital Commerce Solutions group, for the software services segment, revenue was $99 million, and EBIT was $16 million. Revenue declined 4% on a constant currency basis and 9% on a reported basis. Revenue was impacted by lower licensing and services sales in Europe and Asia Pacific, which offset growth in licensing revenue in the Americas. However, as a result of go-to-market initiatives as well as new product introductions, the business is signing on a larger number of quality midsized deals, which will reduce dependency on one-time large deals and drive new client acquisition.
We are seeing this consistency and efficiencies in the business model playing out in substantially improved profitability in the software business. This along with focused cost reduction initiatives to streamline the operations resulted in an EBIT immediate margin of 16.3%, which was an improvement of 720 basis points versus the prior year.
For the global ecommerce segment, revenue was $78 million and EBIT was $3 million. Revenue grew 15% on a constant currency basis and 14% on a reported basis. Revenue includes the Borderfree acquisition late in the quarter and expansion of the eBay UK outbound cross-border service. However, outbound package shipments from the U.S. continue to be pressured by the strong U.S. dollar. Shipping Solutions revenue continued to strengthen as a result of additional new clients. The shipping business is also benefiting directly from sales improvement in the SMB channel that markets its solutions to small and mid-size companies.
EBIT margin was 3.9%, which was a decline of 160 basis points from the prior year as a result of ongoing operational cost and integration investments related to the Borderfree acquisition, as well as continued investment in the company's cross-border platforms.
Within the Other segment, revenue was $25 million and EBIT was $6 million. Revenue declined 26% on a constant currency and reported basis. As a result of the sale of the Marketing Services business in May, we recognized only two months of reported revenue this quarter versus a full quarter of revenue in the prior year.
That concludes my comments on our financial performance for the quarter. Now I'd like to discuss our annual guidance and provide some insights on our outlook as we continue to drive the transformation of the company.
As I mentioned in my opening remarks, our accomplishments in the second quarter are expected to help drive improved results in the second half of the year. We expect the consolidated revenue growth on a constant currency basis will improve in the third quarter from the current trend with more significant growth in the fourth quarter, both driven by further stabilization of our mail-related businesses, benefits of new products and services and increased growth in our global e-commerce solutions.

The fourth quarter is also expected to benefit from growth in software solutions and the annualization of the impacts of the European market exits in 2014. Based on year-to-date results and our expectations of constant currency growth of 1% to 5% in the second half of the year, we are adjusting our annual revenue guidance to a decline of 1% to growth of 1% when compared to 2014 on a constant currency basis. We're increasing annual GAAP EPS guidance to be in the range of $2.06 to $2.21.
This guidance includes the following; $0.44 per share of other income related to the net gain from the sale of Imagitas, $0.05 per share of other expense for the settlement in principle of an outstanding matter with the Department of Justice and transaction costs and fees related to the Borderfree and Imagitas transactions, and $0.04 per share of restructuring and asset impairment charges. $0.04 per share of compensation expense related to the vesting of options associated with the Borderfree acquisition, $0.06 per share reduced earnings as a result of the sale of Imagitas, and $0.04 per share of reduced earnings related to Borderfree, which principally includes amortization of intangibles and integration in investments net of early savings from expected synergies.
We are also updating annual adjusted EPS and free cash flow guidance solely to reflect the impacts of the Borderfree acquisition and Imagitas sale. Adjusted earnings per share is now expected to be in the range of $1.75 to $1.90. Included in adjusted earnings per share is the assumption that currency will have a $0.05 per share negative impact for the full year.
Free cash flow is now expected to be in the range of $450 million to $525 million. This adjustment of $25 million simply reflects the impacts of the Borderfree acquisition and the Imagitas sale. Bottom line, our adjusted earnings outlook remains unchanged except for the direct impacts of the two transactions. While we have included a modest level of synergies this year related to the Borderfree integration, as well as the investments to realize benefits. We are focused in the near-term on driving a successful holiday season.
That said, we see leverage across these highly complementary ecommerce businesses, and we are targeting a run rate synergy benefits of $25 million to $30 million in 18 months through the elimination of public company costs, logistics leverage and the consolidation of infrastructure. We'll provide greater details regarding our ecommerce growth strategy and related growth prospects at our Analyst Day in September.
Again, as Marc and I both noted, we view this quarter as an inflection point. We've taken a number of actions and made decisions that we believe will keep us on track to increase the long-term value of our company. We're confident that our performance, our products and our portfolio actions will deliver on the strategic initiatives we laid out more than two years ago.
That concludes my remarks. Operator, can you please open the line for questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you very much. And our first question in queue will come from Ananda Baruah with Brean Capital. Please go ahead.
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC
Hi, good morning, guys, thanks for taking the questions. I guess, a few if I could. The first is, Mike, could you just sort of walk us through the components of the adjusted EPS guide down, there is a number of things in the GAAP adjustments and just trying to make sure we understand the components to the adjusted EPS change in guidance? Thanks. And I have some follow-ups.
Michael Monahan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Sure. In terms of the adjusted EPS guidance forward, there are really simply two items that are adjustments to our prior guidance. One is $0.06 related to the Imagitas business sale that would be the earnings of that business in the second half of the year. And you would note that in that business, typically there are big (33:59) there is a third quarter because of the move season around the summer time, but that specifically relates to their earnings. The second is related to the Borderfree acquisition of $0.04 adjustment. That really reflects principally the amortization of the intangibles that are related to the acquisition, the amortization for the – basically for the seven months of the year that we would own the business. There's net about an additional penny related to investments associated with integration of the business offset by some early synergies associated with the business. So the net change is $0.10 in the adjusted earnings EPS range and that's specifically related to those two items.

Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC
Got it. And just as a housekeeping question in that context, I believe last quarter you had talked about an incremental – baked into the old guidance, incremental expense for ongoing ERP and marketing programs. Has that changed at all or is that still – it wasn't called out this quarter but just want to make sure that nothing has changed there in it?
Michael Monahan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
It continues to be in our base. Some of the obviously components vary from quarter-to-quarter. We continue on track with both of those initiatives and we'll continue to incur costs related to those in the second half, but those are in our guidance assumptions.
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC
Okay, got it, thanks. And then – the 1% to 5% constant currency growth for the second half of the year is pretty strong, I realized there is – some of it is you have stuff ramping and there's some kind of easy compares stuffs in there as well, but generally speaking, do you have more confidence now based on what you've seen in the pipeline that what has been your constant currency guidance, which I – I believe has been kind of 1% to 3%, is a reasonable way to think about the normalized run rate of the business once you get through, you know sort of all the – sort of normalized model I guess, kind of comping this and transacting that?
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
The short answer is yes. We do think that's a reasonable going forward expectation. The reason we are more, the reason we are confident in the second half projections really breaks into two categories. First of all, from a macroeconomic perspective, you know as you look around the world clearly the expectations for higher GDP growth, that will inevitably help us.
Secondly, we do think some of the effects of currency and will either begin to wrap and/or stabilize. So you are in presumably a better macroeconomic environment. The part that gives us the most confidence, however, is with is what's within our own grasp and I'll – I'll point to a couple of topics. First of all, as you look at our channel maturation for SMB in North America as well as Europe, ex-France you're another quarter along, I expect North America to be more or less kind of back on the horse in the second half of the year. And Europe SMB, ex-France, again to be performing more in line with our long-term expectations in the second half of the year. The pipeline indicates that kind of what we've seen in the business so far in the case, that's point one.
Point two as it relates to ecommerce in particular. If you look at the clients that were signed in the second quarter, coupled with what's in the pipeline, you can touch and feel those revenue streams as they come online. So that gives us a high degree of confidence there.
And then finally you mentioned personal, but that will help, we got the two new product announcements, that will help. So we got a lot of things are in flight – currently in flight that are already out there that will begin to help in the third quarter and help substantially in the fourth quarter.
Michael Monahan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
And then I just wanted to add one thing to reinforce a point I made earlier, which is we are talking first half, second half, but obviously there are factors that will impact the third quarter and then I highlighted some factors that will be more significant in the fourth quarter. So we expect a progression, the third quarter to be better than the second and the fourth to be better than the third, based on the rollout of these opportunities.
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC

That's really useful, guys. Just one last quick one here. Can you just put some a little bit greater context around how you guys envision ongoing improvements in North American SMB, because it sounds like you have two things working for you now. You have -- you have the go-to-market kind of programs in place, but then you guys also have sort of the new products that are rolled out. And I guess if you could just sort of like, I don't know. I know you're going to give guidance on the Analyst Day on this, but just give us some sense of how material each of those things could be? And then just a second thing on ecommerce is, Marc your comments on the call just now about, about new wins in the business that you kind have lines of sight of revenue. Is that legacy Pitney ecommerce or does some of that also include Borderfree? And then I'll cede the floor, thanks.
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
So, in reverse order, it's both, both legacy Pitney Bowes as well as Borderfree had some very important signings in the second quarter, which will begin to deliver benefits as we get into the back half of the year, specifically December, as we get to the fourth quarter and the holiday season. As it relates to North American SMB, if you look at the original guidance that we had talked about in terms of our long-term model, we have a set goal post of between minus 1 and minus 4 in the second quarter Ex currency. We were at 3, minus 3 as Mike indicated that decline was the best performance that we had in five quarters, parenthetically, it's the second best performance we have had since I have been here. That said, we do see continued improvement in that business in the second half of the year.
Our objective has been and continues to be to operate on right side of that football field between minus 1 and minus 4. We are not there yet, but we are getting closer and it's in our sights. And I'd say the product announcement will help and the channel maturation really helps as well.
Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLC
Thanks a lot, guys. Congrats.
Michael Monahan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question in queue that will come from George Tong with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Hi, good morning.
Michael Monahan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Good morning.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Can you provide some additional details on how the sales of your process is progressing in France, and what the key issues are there and when you expect growth trends there to be stabilized?
Michael Monahan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Sure. As we've talked about in the last quarter, in terms of France there is a works council process that you must work through. We completed the consultation phase and we're now in the transition phase, meaning, we are moving resources into the new model, we are hiring in new sales people in some cases, and we expect all that to be in place by September so that as we finish the third quarter and enter the fourth quarter we will have that program fully in place.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Got it. And turning to international SMB more broadly, now that the go-to-market changes are largely complete, do you expect revenue growth to revert back to levels prior to the restructure and what's the timeline?
Michael Monahan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Yeah. In terms of international, clearly we expect there to be quarter-to-quarter improvement in the growth rates as we go forward. As we talked about different countries are in different sort of stages of completion on this, I would say the UK through the first half of the year has already seen stabilization in their revenue. Germany is a little bit behind that, but fully completed in the transition and now really enhancing productivity. I would say the Nordics are in the same place, and then France, really rounds out the major markets in Europe. So we do see that probably the biggest challenge for us is behind us in terms of the international business, and we'll look for quarter-to-quarter continued improvement in that as the organizations sort to settle in and drive productivity.

Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
One other point that I should have mentioned just to add on to Mike's, I mean, we obviously wrap on the divestitures in the international markets as we get into the second half of the year, so, we'll have a little bit of that in our results in the third quarter. But fourth quarter is pretty clean and that's been a $12 million or so headwind each quarter. So, that's substantial to International Mailing, but it's not immaterial to the overall portfolio.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Got it. That's helpful. And then lastly, can you talk a little bit about the channel synergies that you're already starting to see between Borderfree and your existing Ecommerce business and how do you free up potential revenue synergies from complementary product and sales channels between Borderfree and e-commerce.
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
It's a great question. I mean so, if you were to reflect back on Mike's description of the synergies, what you observe is, those are all cost and expense that he described, so I would parenthetically comment that that gives you a higher degree confidence that those synergies that were outlined are something that we have within our grasp. Importantly, we didn't predicate those synergies on revenue top side opportunities. That wasn't because we didn't see them, it was just because we wanted to base the synergies on what we could describe with a high degree of confidence. The revenue synergies will come from principally the following. If you think about our respective development and innovation roadmaps, there was a reasonable amount of overlap in what they were trying to innovate around and what we're trying to innovate around.
As you go forward, you'll able to rationalize those respective development plans. So you'll be able to innovative even faster in the respective e-marketplaces and e-tailers. So I think that's principally where we see the opportunities. We see this as a very exciting space to be able to innovate for our clients and to solve a real, a real-life problem and I think with the two leaders in this very nascent market together, there's just a lot of top side opportunity. We didn't bank on it in the business case, but it's not because we don't think it's there.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Great, thanks very much.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is queue will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC
Thank you very much for taking my question. I just had a couple, the first is – are you done with divestures and acquisitions at this point, do you think you kind of got the assets or are there any other pieces you might be able to – to spin-off?
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I looked up the questions and answers from the first quarter, and that was the same question you asked in the first quarter, you are very consistent so. It's good to be able to count on some things in the life, I'll give you the...
Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC
I try, I try.
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I'll give you the same answer, in that, value in the marketplace has continued to evolve, therefore your portfolio needs to continue to evolve. There is – you know, I had always articulated two criteria for staying in the portfolio, one was you got an acceptable level of return and second were strategically coherent. And I guess what Marketing Services taught me was, I really should have articulated a third criteria in that if a business is worth substantially more to someone else than it is to you, then it's the right thing to do for your shareholders to consummate that transaction. So, as I look at our portfolio today, I like how everything fits and clearly we're on the path of making acceptable returns.

I will not preclude those dynamics changing and it's certainly hard to predict the dynamics of how one enterprise sees value versus how you see it. In terms of acquisitions, we continue to look at our development plans for the next five years and we look at make versus buy decisions. We've got a series of, I would characterize as mostly smaller types of transactions that we look at and if we can get those for the right price, we'll do it. But again, I do not see in our future anything that would be characterized as acquisitions that are outside of our strike zone.
Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC
Okay. Great. And then, my second question is just with regard to the share repurchase, which you said you're now going to be completing by the end of the year. Do you look at that as something from an ongoing standpoint; you want to keep the program in place going forward? I just – it goes under cash usage which you just talked about acquisitions, but I guess how do you think about cash return to shareholders going forward?
Michael Monahan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
I think, in terms of cash return to shareholders as we've really done a lot of work on our balance sheet as we look at sort of the balance of growth opportunities in the business, the additional leverage we should get as we go forward and implement our impact program, we feel good about the free cash flow profile of the business as we go forward. So we see return of capital as an ongoing component of our capital allocation program as we move forward. That said, obviously if there's a particular opportunity for reinvestment in the business we're always going to look at that as well and its total impact on shareholder return.
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
You can discern from our actions where our view is of how to drive shareholder value at this point in time. But it's always predicated on what's going on in the marketplace, what your stock price is at, what other opportunities you have for that cash. What you're seeing is kind of our view of that dynamic right now and I believe that will continue for the foreseeable future, but it is a fairly dynamic market.
Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC
Great. Thank you very much.
Michael Monahan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Next in queue is Glenn Mattson with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Glenn G. Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Hi. Good morning, guys. A question -- a little bit more on the Borderfree. I was curious, when the e-commerce business really took off a couple of years back, there were occasional references to the idea that there may be other very large partners out there beyond eBay that would also benefit from this service. Is part of the maybe extreme upside case on the Borderfree acquisition -- the part of the idea there that perhaps this could help you finalize or close some of those larger deals with larger partners?
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well listen, I'll say a couple of things. First of all the legacy Pitney Bowes business made some reasonable progress on that front in the second quarter, we'll talk more about that as we get into the back half of the year. I would say more importantly that going forward combination of the two businesses provides the possibility of more compelling value propositions to our clients.
Glenn G. Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay, great. And then -- I think I know the answer, but just to check the box. The – do you anticipate any disruption role from the eBay's split up with PayPal?
Michael Monahan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President

There is – there's obviously been an ongoing working relationship and dialogue with eBay and so that's continued throughout the process that they've gone through. And we would expect that to remain a good working relationship.
Glenn G. Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Right. great. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Michael Monahan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Thank you.
Operator
Yeah. At this time, if there's no additional questions in queue. I will turn the conference back to our presenter for any closing comments.
Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you, operator. I'd like to close on three points. First of all, I'm not terribly pleased with how we executed in the quarter. There were some bright spots in the North America, SMB did better, Presort continued to do reasonably well and the North America software business performed reasonably. That being said on balance, we should have done better. And we are taking actions to improve our execution as we get into the second half of the year.
The second point, I think, it's the more important point, is that we really made substantial progress on our long-term strategy in the second quarter. The acquisition of Borderfree, I believe will be game changing. We are the market leader with first mover advantage in a very substantial and fast growing market.
Also worth noting and we haven't talked a lot about this, but we have a world-class management team in that business right now. That gives me even more confidence. You will see more about this, but it is something that gives us great optimism. In our SMB business, the new market approach is settling down. We see clearly within our sites improvements, both in the North American SMB business as well as international mailing, again setting us up for the long-term very, very well. Finally, we continued to drive operational excellence and thereby unlock substantial shareholder value. Continue to become efficient, simplifying our business and rationalizing our portfolio.
Significantly, we continued to make real progress with our systems work and as Mike indicated the benefits are now crowing in our sides. I said in my prepared remarks that our focus is to create shareholder value and we'll always choose the creation of shareholder value over a more expedient path of protecting a quarter or a year.
I'll make the point that strategies are necessarily long-term in nature. I've now been at this about 30 months. We describe this as a three year to five year transformation. And you can see as you get to the back half of that transformation, the benefits are clearly within our grasp. As I said, at the outset, I am very, very pleased with where we are in our overall transformation and as I said the benefits are now in our sights.
I look forward to giving you a more detailed update at our Analyst Day in September, until then, we will see you. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 A.M. today running through August 29 at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 320-365-3844 and using the access code of 363198. Once again that phone number is 320-365-3844 using the access code of 363198. That does conclude your conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Consumer Goods, Business Equipment, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All PBI TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Consumer Goods and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Consumer Goods and Retail StocksCarlisle Companies Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCSL• Today, 4:34 PM • SA TranscriptsColgate-Palmolive: Time To Move OnCL• Today, 4:29 PM • Josh Arnold•3 CommentsHasbro: Buy On The Drop?HAS• Today, 4:22 PM • Kumquat ResearchGeneral Motors Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGM• Today, 3:58 PM • SA TranscriptsKimberly-Clark Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKMB• Today, 3:57 PM • SA TranscriptsFord/GM Investors Should Sell Now: Ridesharing Will Soon Penetrate Suburbs, Devastate DividendsF, GM• Today, 3:54 PM • Max Greve•35 CommentsDaimler: An Unexpected Income StockDMLRY• Today, 3:12 PM • The Outsider•3 CommentsV.F. Corp.: Q2 Results Show Power Of BrandsVFC• Today, 2:50 PM • Stone Fox CapitaliRobot Trying To Transition To An Information Business - ImplicationsIRBT• Today, 2:42 PM • Gary Bourgeault•1 CommentFibria Celulose S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFBR• Today, 2:36 PM • SA TranscriptsSkechers USA: A Story Of Belief; Stock Could Appreciate Over 25%SKX• Today, 2:06 PM • Jared Orr•3 CommentsIs California Eliminating Incentives For All Teslas?TSLA• Today, 2:05 PM • Donn Bailey•37 CommentsDon't Worry About The Decline In Sedan Sales: SUVs And Pickup Trucks Are Making Up For ItF, FCAU, GM• Today, 12:11 PM • Anton Wahlman•14 CommentsVF Corporation Still Belongs In My PortfolioVFC• Today, 12:03 PM • Walter Zelezniak Jr•7 CommentsGraphic Packaging Holding Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGPK• Today, 11:57 AM • SA TranscriptsPVH - Thriving In A Difficult EnvironmentPVH• Today, 11:40 AM • Kenra Investors•1 CommentLamb Weston: What More Can You Ask For?LW• Today, 11:37 AM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsGM Cruises Through The Second QuarterGM• Today, 11:27 AM • Samuel Smith•7 CommentsGM: They Can't All Be WinnersGM• Today, 10:50 AM • Quad 7 Capital•2 CommentsJAKKS Pacific, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesJAKK• Today, 10:47 AM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsFerrari Sells Veblen Goods, Not CarsRACE• Today, 9:58 AM • Ensemble CapitalCal-Maine Foods - Challenging Conditions PrevailCALM• Today, 9:48 AM • The Value Investor•8 CommentsGM: A 'Not Bad' QuarterGM• Today, 9:39 AM • Celeritas Investments•9 CommentsProcter & Gamble: Get Ready For An Earnings SurprisePG• Today, 9:30 AM • Stefan Redlich•7 CommentsNestlé And Associated British Foods Are Tasty Investment MorselsNSRGY, ASBFY• Today, 9:22 AM • Dr. Harold Goldmeier•6 CommentsWessanen N.V. Koninklijke 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKJWNF• Today, 8:30 AM • SA TranscriptsWill Tesla's Balance Sheet End Its Dreams?TSLA• Today, 8:16 AM • ValueAnalyst•159 CommentsSensata Technologies Holding N.V. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesST• Today, 8:06 AM • SA TranscriptsProcter & Gamble: Pretty GoodPG• Today, 6:45 AM • Marc Gerstein•1 CommentI Sit On This Dividend Champion And Enjoy My DividendsPM• Today, 6:42 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•16 CommentsCoty, Inc.: Getting Serious About China Through E-CommerceCOTY• Today, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•6 CommentsTesla: The 'Ludicrous' Demand Growth Of Model STSLA• Today, 2:39 AM • BEV Consulting•53 CommentsPhilip Morris: The Good Bad QuarterPM• Yesterday, 10:02 PM • Bill Maurer•7 CommentsTesla's Attempts To Raid California Coffers Unlikely To Be FruitfulTSLA• Yesterday, 7:36 PM • EnerTuition•152 CommentsTesla, Batteries And Mobility: A Challenge For AutomakersTSLA• Yesterday, 6:40 PM • Carmi Turchick•154 CommentsBracing For General Motors' EarningsGM• Yesterday, 4:12 PM • Josh Arnold•6 CommentsThis Is When CALM Will SoarCALM• Yesterday, 3:42 PM • Christiaan Casper•11 CommentsFiat Chrysler Leveraging Its Brands Under MarchionneFCAU• Yesterday, 3:14 PM • Nick Cox•1 CommentHasbro Deserves Your AttentionHAS• Yesterday, 2:12 PM • L&F Capital Management•3 CommentsFive Below Is A Strong Buy In The Long RunFIVE• Yesterday, 2:09 PM • Kush Patel•2 CommentsThe Dawn Of The Tesla SmugglerTSLA• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Anton Wahlman•196 CommentsTesla Is Already Winning - Just Not In The Way A Lot Of Investors Want Or ExpectTSLA• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • FundamentalSpeculation.IO•51 CommentsTesla Maintains Strong Market Share Despite Onslaught Of CompetitionTSLA• Yesterday, 12:53 PM • Siddharth Dalal•201 CommentsTesla Now On The ClockTSLA• Yesterday, 12:48 PM • Bill Maurer•70 CommentsDaily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/21/17: S&W Seed, Lands' End, Old Line BancsharesSANW• Yesterday, 11:46 AM • InsiderInsightsCal Maine: Dire SituationCALM• Yesterday, 11:13 AM • Quad 7 Capital•13 CommentsFilthy Reaction To HasbroHAS• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • Quad 7 Capital•6 CommentsGermany's Alleged Auto Cartel Is In A Deadly SpiralAUDVF, BMWYY, DDAIF• Yesterday, 10:11 AM • Growth And Value•16 CommentsHasbro, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHAS• Yesterday, 8:49 AM • SA TranscriptsGeneral Motors Q2 Earnings: Two Metrics You Should Care AboutGM• Yesterday, 8:45 AM • General Expert•18 CommentsLululemon Needs To Step Up Its YOGA Pants GameLULU• Yesterday, 6:41 AM • Goddess Diogenes•16 CommentsHarley-Davidson - Lack Of Catalysts Keeps Me On The SidelinesHOG• Yesterday, 5:44 AM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsHarley-Davidson: Riding Off Into The SunsetHOG• Yesterday, 5:15 AM • Da Shi Research•4 CommentsHershey: Overpriced And OverleveragedHSY• Yesterday, 5:11 AM • Samuel Smith•12 CommentsGeneral Motors - Earnings Preview For 2nd Quarter 2017GM• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:42 PM • Brent A. Miller•10 CommentsLa-Z-Boy Forges Onward After Falling Short On Growth PlanLZB• Sun, Jul. 23, 5:25 AM • Underanalyzed EquitiesI Am Loving My Dividends From Philip MorrisPM• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:51 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•35 CommentsUnder Armour: Under Duress?UA, UAA• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:24 AM • D.M. Martins Research•15 CommentsTime To Be More Tolerant For This Growth Dairy Stock?SAPIF• Sat, Jul. 22, 5:26 AM • Brad MacIntoshEstimating ANFI's FY 2018 Margins And EarningsANFI• Sat, Jul. 22, 12:49 AM • Sven Carlin•16 CommentsNorthsight Capital Makes Cannabis Stocks Look BadNCAP• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:59 PM • Debra Borchardt•3 CommentsCoca-Cola: Where Does It End?KO• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:04 PM • Josh Arnold•18 CommentsPhilip Morris Q2 Earnings Summary: What You Need To KnowPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:52 PM • ValueAnalyst•22 CommentsTesla's South Australia Battery Deal Shows Why The Company Is Not An Energy CompanyTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:30 PM • EnerTuition•317 CommentsSkechers Looks Good Into 2018SKX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:19 PM • L&F Capital Management•8 CommentsDaily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/20/17: NAV, OLBK, SKIS, SHLO, TWNNAV• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:38 PM • InsiderInsightsAutomakers Invest In Nauto's $159 Million Financing RoundGM• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:37 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentAutonomous Driving Leaps Forward, Leaving Tesla BehindTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:14 PM • Donn Bailey•323 CommentsHotel California: Why Tesla Can Check Out Any Time It Likes, But It Can Never LeaveTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:13 PM • Trapping Value•166 CommentsVanguard Prepares To Destroy The S&P 500 AgainVDC• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:02 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•23 CommentsBurberry: Still Undervalued As It Builds Up To A Potentially Improved 2018?Editors' Pick • BURBY• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:00 AM • Dividend Drive•1 CommentAltria: Dividend Is Safe...For NowMO• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:11 AM • Josh Arnold•37 CommentsThe Dividend Stock Bubble Has Claimed Another VictimPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:04 AM • Josh Arnold•30 CommentsValue Trap: Adient Plc's Contradicting Growth OutlookADNT• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:19 AM • Centaur Investments•5 CommentsUnilever Up 43% YTD With More To ComeUL, UN• Fri, Jul. 21, 7:25 AM • Iron Value•10 Comments123456...435Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Everest Re's (RE) CEO Dom Addesso on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:06 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Acme United's (ACU) CEO Walter Johnsen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CommVault Systems' (CVLT) CEO Bob Hammer on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CVLT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Motors (GM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GM•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Saipem's (SAPMY) CEO Stefano Cao on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SAPMY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Crane's (CR) CEO Max Mitchell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Astec Industries' (ASTE) CEO Ben Brock on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASTE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SK Hynix's (HXSCL) CEO Kim Jun Ho on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HXSCL•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HCA Healthcare (HCA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HCA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




McDonald's (MCD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCD•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HNI's (HNI) CEO Stan Askren on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:00 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Equity Commonwealth's (EQC) CEO David Helfand on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DPZ•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Waters (WAT) CEO Christopher O'Connell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




J & J Snack Foods' (JJSF) CEO Gerry Shreiber on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JJSF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lamb Weston Holdings' (LW) CEO Thomas Werner on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LW•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Quest Diagnostics' (DGX) CEO Stephen Rusckowski on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DGX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




AK Steel Holding (AKS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Newmont Mining (NEM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NEM•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Agree Realty's (ADC) CEO Joey Agree on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ADC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




JetBlue Airways (JBLU) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JBLU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SUPERVALU (SVU) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SVU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Caterpillar (CAT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CAT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Centene Corporation's (CNC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hubbell's (HUBB) CEO Dave Nord on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUBB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:27 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Graphic Packaging Holding's (GPK) CEO Michael Doss on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GPK•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Logitech International's (LOGI) CEO Bracken Darrell on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LOGI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:22 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wabtec Corporation's (WAB) CEO Ray Betler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Core Laboratories' (CLB) CEO David Demshur on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4434Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



Insider Trading - Lautenbach Marc Bradley - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Lautenbach Marc Bradley





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-02Purchase
2016-11-0312:30 pm
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
4,739
$14.76
$69,948
86,503(IndirectDirect)
View


2015-10-30Purchase
2015-11-0210:11 am
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
12,007
$20.81
$249,866
132,432(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-02-11Exercise
2016-02-112:01 pm
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
764
$0
177,720(Direct)
View


2016-02-11Tax Withholding
2016-02-112:01 pm
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
764
$17.28
177,720(Direct)
View


2016-02-11Exercise
2016-02-112:01 pm
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
764
$0
177,720(Direct)
View


2016-02-08Option Award
2016-02-104:37 pm
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
65,398
$16.82
1,388,693(Direct)
View


2016-02-08Option Award
2016-02-104:37 pm
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
196,195
$16.82
1,388,693(Direct)
View


2016-02-08Option Award
2016-02-104:37 pm
2017-02-082026-02-08
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
388,693
$0
1,388,693(Direct)
View


2016-02-02Exercise
2016-02-033:54 pm
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
28,880
$0
166,436(Direct)
View


2016-02-02Tax Withholding
2016-02-033:54 pm
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
9,990
$17.28
166,436(Direct)
View


2016-02-02Exercise
2016-02-033:54 pm
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
17,949
$0
166,436(Direct)
View


2016-02-02Tax Withholding
2016-02-033:54 pm
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
6,164
$17.28
166,436(Direct)
View


2016-02-02Exercise
2016-02-033:54 pm
2016-02-02N/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
28,880
$0
166,436(Direct)
View


2016-02-02Exercise
2016-02-033:54 pm
2016-02-02N/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
17,949
$0
166,436(Direct)
View


2016-01-06Option Award
2016-01-074:56 pm
N/AN/A
Campbell Soup Co
CPB
Lautenbach Marc BradleyDirector
2,295
$0
5,049(Direct)
View


2015-02-09Option Award
2015-02-1110:18 am
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
66,254
$22.64
289,999(Direct)
View


2015-02-09Option Award
2015-02-1110:18 am
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
164,551
$21.27
289,999(Direct)
View


2015-02-03Exercise
2015-02-0510:59 am
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
28,881
$0
122,308(Direct)
View


2015-02-03Tax Withholding
2015-02-0510:59 am
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
9,900
$22.57
122,308(Direct)
View


2015-02-03Exercise
2015-02-0510:59 am
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
17,949
$0
122,308(Direct)
View


2015-02-03Tax Withholding
2015-02-0510:59 am
N/AN/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
6,481
$22.57
122,308(Direct)
View


2015-02-03Exercise
2015-02-0510:59 am
2015-02-03N/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
28,881
$0
122,308(Direct)
View


2015-02-03Exercise
2015-02-0510:59 am
2015-02-03N/A
Pitney Bowes Inc
PBI
Lautenbach Marc BradleyPresident and CEO
17,949
$0
122,308(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Tue, 25 Jul 2017 16:08:01 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










Marc Bradley  Lautenbach - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Marc Bradley  Lautenbach
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Marc Bradley  Lautenbach. Find out Marc Bradley  Lautenbach address and contact details. View other people related to Marc Bradley  Lautenbach - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

3001 SUMMER STREET  STAMFORD 06926 CT




Companies related to Marc Bradley  Lautenbach
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000078814PITNEY BOWES INC /DE/President and CEO PITNEY BOWES INC 3001 SUMMER STREET STAMFORD 06926-0700




Marc Bradley  Lautenbach on the Web
Persons related to Marc Bradley  Lautenbach - PITNEY BOWES INC /DE/NamePositionCityLeslie  Abi-KaramSTAMFORDLeslie  Abi-KaramEVP & President, MSM STAMFORDLeslie  Abi-KaramEVP & Pres., Comm. Solutions. STAMFORDRodney C  AdkinsDirector STAMFORDLINDA G  ALVARADO LINDA G  ALVARADODirector STAMFORDLINDA G  ALVARADODirector STAMFORDLINDA G  ALVARADODirector STAMFORDBRIAN M  BAXENDALESVP and Pres-Ent. Relshp. Dev. STAMFORDGREGORY E  BUONCONTRISVP and CIO GREGORY E  BUONCONTRIEVP & Chief Info Officer STAMFORDGREGORY E  BUONCONTRIEVP/Chief Information Officer STAMFORDANNE  BUSQUET GREENWICHANNE  BUSQUETDirector STAMFORDANNE  BUSQUETDirector STAMFORDCOLIN G  CAMPBELLDirector NEW YORKCOLIN G  CAMPBELLDirector STAMFORDCOLIN G  CAMPBELLDirector STAMFORDCOLIN G  CAMPBELLDirector STAMFORDStehmann  ChristophExec VP, Enterprise Sol Group STAMFORDMICHAEL J  CRITELLIChman and Chief Exec. Officer STAMFORDMICHAEL J  CRITELLIChairman and CEO STAMFORDMICHAEL J  CRITELLIExecutive Chairman STAMFORDPalma Vincent  DeSTAMFORDPalma Vincent  DeEVP & President, PBMS STAMFORDElise  DeBoisSTAMFORDElise  DeBoisEVP & President, GFS STAMFORDDavid C  DobsonSTAMFORDDavid C  DobsonEVP & President, PBMS STAMFORDJESSICA P  EINHORNDirector STAMFORDROGER  FRADIN MELVILLEROGER  FRADINDirector STAMFORDROGER  FRADINDirector STAMFORDANNE SUTHERLAND  FUCHS ANNE SUTHERLAND  FUCHSDirector STAMFORDANNE SUTHERLAND  FUCHSDirector STAMFORDDaniel J  GoldsteinEVP/Chief Legal & Compliance STAMFORDDaniel J  GoldsteinEVP/Chief Legal & Compliance STAMFORDDaniel J  GoldsteinEVP/Chief Legal & Compliance STAMFORDERNIE  GREENDirector ERNIE  GREENDirector STAMFORDERNIE  GREENDirector STAMFORDSteven J  GreenVP Finance & CAO STAMFORDSteven J  GreenSTAMFORDSteven J  GreenVP-Fin and CAO STAMFORDSteven J  GreenVP Finance & CAO STAMFORDSteven J  GreenVP Finance & CAO STAMFORDRobert  GuidottiEVP & Pres Software Solutions STAMFORDHERBERT L  HENKELDirector ARLEN F  HENOCKVice President-Finance STAMFORDSTEWART D  HUTCHESON SAN DIEGOSTEWART D  HUTCHESONDirector STAMFORDSTEWART D  HUTCHESONDirector STAMFORDLUIS A  JIMENEZSVP and CSO STAMFORDLUIS A  JIMENEZSVP and CSO STAMFORDLUIS A  JIMENEZSVP and CSO STAMFORDPatrick J  KeddySTAMFORDPatrick J  KeddyEVP & Pres, Mailstrm Intl STAMFORDJAMES H  KEYESDirector JAMES H  KEYESDirector STAMFORDJAMES H  KEYESDirector STAMFORDJAMES H  KEYESDirector STAMFORDMATTHEW S  KISSNEREVP and Grp Pres-GES STAMFORDABBY F  KOHNSTAMMExec VP & Chief Marketing Ofcr ABBY F  KOHNSTAMMExec VP & Chief Marketing Ofcr STAMFORDABBY F  KOHNSTAMMExec VP & Chief Marketing Ofcr STAMFORDMarc Bradley  LautenbachPresident and CEO STAMFORDMarc Bradley  LautenbachPresident and CEO STAMFORDMarc Bradley  LautenbachPresident and CEO STAMFORDMURRAY D  MARTINExecutive Vice President STAMFORDMURRAY D  MARTINPresident and COO STAMFORDMURRAY D  MARTINChairman,President and CEO STAMFORDMICHELE COLEMAN  MAYESSVP and General Counsel STAMFORDMICHELE COLEMAN  MAYESSr VP and General Counsel STAMFORDJOHN S  MCFARLANEDirector JOHN S  MCFARLANEDirector STAMFORDEDUARDO S  MENASCE EDUARDO S  MENASCEDirector STAMFORDEDUARDO S  MENASCEDirector STAMFORDEDUARDO S  MENASCEDirector STAMFORDNeil  MetvinerSTAMFORDNeil  MetvinerEVP & President, GS&B STAMFORDMichael  MonahanEVP & Chief Operating Officer STAMFORDMichael  MonahanEVP & CFO STAMFORDMichael  MonahanEVP Finance and CFO STAMFORDMichael  MonahanEVP Finance and CFO STAMFORDBRUCE P  NOLOPEVP and CFO BRUCE P  NOLOPEVP and CFO STAMFORDJohn E  O'HaraEVP&President, PB Software S STAMFORDJohn E  O'HaraEVP & Pres of PB Software Sol STAMFORDMEARA VICKI A  OEVP, Pres PBMS & Govt & Post STAMFORDMEARA VICKI A  OEVP/Pres. PBMS & Gov & Postal STAMFORDRoger J  PilcExec VP & Chief Innov Officer STAMFORDRoger J  PilcExec VP & Chief Innov Officer STAMFORDMICHAEL ISOR  ROTHDirector NEW YORKMICHAEL ISOR  ROTHMICHAEL ISOR  ROTHDirector STAMFORDMICHAEL ISOR  ROTHDirector STAMFORDMICHAEL ISOR  ROTHDirector STAMFORDLINDA S  SANFORD Mark  ShearerExec VP & Pres SMB Mail Sol STAMFORDMark  ShearerExec VP & Pres SMB Mail Sol STAMFORDDAVID L  SHEDLARZ DAVID L  SHEDLARZDirector STAMFORDDAVID L  SHEDLARZDirector STAMFORDDAVID L  SHEDLARZDirector STAMFORDDAVID B  SNOW JR FRANKLIN LAKESDAVID B  SNOW JRDirector STAMFORDLila  SnyderExec VP, Glbl Ecomm & Shipping STAMFORDSTANLEY J  SUTULA IIIExec. VP & Chief Fin'l Officer ARMONKJoseph H  TimkoEVP& Chf Tech& Strat Officer STAMFORDJoseph H  TimkoEVP/Chief Strategy& Innovation STAMFORDJOHNNA G  TORSONEEVP/Chief HR Officer JOHNNA G  TORSONESVP and Chief HR Officer STAMFORDJOHNNA G  TORSONESr. VP & Chief HR Officer STAMFORDJOHNNA G  TORSONESr. VP & Chief HR Officer STAMFORDJOHNNA G  TORSONEEVP & Chief HR Officer STAMFORDJOHNNA G  TORSONEEVP/Chief HR Officer STAMFORDJOHNNA G  TORSONEEVP/Chief HR Officer STAMFORDKevin  WeissSTAMFORDKevin  WeissEVP & Pres, Mailstream STAMFORDROBERT EVAN  WEISSMANDirector ROBERT EVAN  WEISSMANDirector STAMFORDROBERT EVAN  WEISSMANDirector STAMFORDMark F  WrightExec VP & Pres PB Commerce So STAMFORDMark F  WrightExec VP & Pres PB Software Sol STAMFORD












 











Marc B Lautenbach















































































    
        
        
            
            	
	            	
	                 
	                 	Shop
	                 
                 
            
        
    
	


    
        
        
            
            	
	            	
	                 
	                 	Sign In
	                 
                 
            
        
    
	


    
        
        
            
            	
	            	
	                 
	                 	Support
	                 
                 
            
        
    
	


    
        
        
            
            	
	            	
	                 
	                 	Industries
	                 
                 
            
        
    
	



                              UNITED STATES
              
        
        
    
	









What We Do




Mailing





	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Postage Meters and Office Shipping Software
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Inserters, Sorters and Printers
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Online Postage
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	See All Solutions
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	




Customer Information Management





	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Customer Analytics
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Data Management & Integration
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Data Quality
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	See All Solutions
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	













Shipping





	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Outbound Shipping
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Receiving & Tracking
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Parcel Sorting
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	See All Solutions
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	




Location Intelligence





	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	GeoEnrichment
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Location Analytics
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Location & Business Data
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Applied Analytics and Marketing Services
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	See All Solutions
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	






Global Ecommerce





	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Complete™ Cross-Border
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Complete™ Marketplace
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Complete™ Shipping
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	





	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Complete™ Shipping APIs
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	See All Solutions
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	




Customer Engagement





	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Interactive Personalized Media
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Print and Digital Communications Management
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Customer Contact and Interaction Management
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Customer and Marketing Analytics
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	See All Solutions
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	






Popular Products





	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	SendPro™ online shipping and mailing solution
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	mailstation2™
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Relay™ 2000 Inserting System
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	DM125™ Postage Meter
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	IntelliJet 20® Printing System
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	MapInfo Pro™
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	EngageOne® Video
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	




About Us





	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Our Company
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Newsroom
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Investor Relations
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Careers
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	



	    
	        
	        
	           	
	            	
	                 	Developer Hub
	                 
	                 
	             
	        
	    
	    
	






















Our Company





									Our Leadership
									
										



											Marc B Lautenbach
											
										






















Marc B. Lautenbach

                            President and Chief Executive Officer
                            
                        







































Marc B. Lautenbach is currently President and Chief Executive Officer at Pitney Bowes Inc.   Marc was appointed President and CEO in December 2012, and is a member of the Board of Directors.Before Joining Pitney Bowes, Marc spent 27 years at IBM.  Marc’s tenure at IBM included senior positions, leading the consulting and systems integration business in North America, sales in the Americas, and leading the small and medium business globally.  In addition, Marc held senior executive positions in IBM Asia Pacific.Marc was elected to the Campbell’s Soup Company Board of Directors in June 2014.  He is also a member of Catalyst, Inc., and a member of the board of Trustees at Denison University.Marc graduated magna cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa at Denison University in 1983 and went on to receive an MBA from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University in 1985.


































































Pitney Bowes (PBI) Marc Bradley Lautenbach on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

















































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search
























Home > Quotes > PBI > Call Transcripts













Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) 


PBI 
$15.96
*  
0.24

1.53%
Get PBI Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 25, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading PBI now
				        




Exchange:NYSE 
Industry: Miscellaneous 
Community Rating:  
View: 
 
				    PBI After Hours



















NDAQ





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks














Transcript by:

Pitney Bowes, Inc. (PBI)Q1 2016 Earnings CallMay 03, 2016 8:00 am ETExecutivesAdam David - VP, Investor Relations, Pitney Bowes, Inc.Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorMichael Monahan - Chief Operating & Financial Officer, Executive VPAnalystsKartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Partners LLCGeorge K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker)Ananda P. Baruah - Brean Capital LLCShannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLCGlenn G. Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker)Allen Klee - Sidoti & Co. LLCPresentationOperatorCompare to:Previous Statements by PBI» Pitney Bowes' (PBI) CEO Marc Lautenbach on Q4 2015 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptGood morning and welcome to the Pitney Bowes First Quarter 2016 Results Conference Call. Your lines have been placed in a listen-only mode during the conference call until the question-and-answer segment. Today's call is also being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect your lines at this time.I would now like to introduce your speakers for today's conference call, Mr. Marc Lautenbach, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Michael Monahan, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Adam David, Vice President-Investor Relations.Mr. David will now begin the call with the Safe Harbor overview.Adam David - VP, Investor Relations, Pitney Bowes, Inc.Good morning. Included in this presentation are forward-looking statements about our expected future business and financial performance. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to be materially different from our projections. More information about these risks and uncertainties can be found in our 2015 Form 10-K Annual Report and other reports filed with the SEC that are located on our website at www.pb.com and by clicking on Investor Relations. Please keep in mind that we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or developments.Also, for non-GAAP measures used in the press release or discussed in this presentation, you can find reconciliations to the appropriate GAAP measures in the tables attached to our press release and also on our Investor Relations website. Additionally, we have provided slides that summarize most of the points we will discuss during the call. These slides can also be found on our Investor Relations website.Now, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Marc Lautenbach will start with a few opening remarks. Marc?Marc Bradley Lautenbach - President, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorThank you, Adam, and thanks, everyone for joining this morning for our first quarter earnings conference call.Last week, we made one of the most consequential announcements in Pitney Bowes' history. We introduced the Pitney Bowes Commerce Cloud along with several SaaS-based products and solutions. This aligns our physical and digital capabilities, along with our mobile, location and e-commerce technologies, with all the end-to-end requirements that drive commerce. To my mind, this was more than a product announcement. This is the foundation for all of our future products and solutions, adding digital capabilities and web-based solutions that span all of our business units. It is also a demonstration of how we're redefining and transforming Pitney Bowes by expanding our reach as we cement existing client relationships and cultivate new ones. And it broadens our addressable market for our 1.5 million clients by an order of magnitude.This is a substantial opportunity for our company and is consistent with the strategy we've been pursuing for the past three years. While our competitors may have parts for the commerce solution, we're the only company that provides such a broad range of commerce solutions that deliver the functionality, speed, and agility our clients need from small businesses to large global companies. In addition to the launch of the Commerce Cloud, we achieved a number of milestones during the first quarter that will further advance our transformation.In January, we launched our first major television advertising campaign in 20 years. We completed our move to a dealer market in Mexico, South Africa and five markets in Asia. And finally, we deployed our newly designed business processes and the accompanying technology in April. While we sometimes refer to this as an ERP project, it is much bigger. It is a complete redesign of our business processes. As we've said, this product is key for us to realize the benefits of the investments we have made and delivered new products such as those enabled by our Commerce Cloud. Those benefits are clearly in our sights and we are evaluating the feasibility of accelerating our business case.Turning to the results for our first quarter, our financial performance was largely consistent and in line with our expectations, save our Software Solutions businesses. We turned in another strong performance in Presort and Global Ecommerce businesses, while SMB revenue trends continued to stabilize and improve. SMB new equipment sales, a leading indicator of our future reoccurring revenue streams, were positive, highlighted by the largest growth in North America equipment sales in several years.However, our Software Solutions' business performance was disappointing. Simply put, we did not execute and while the business issues we see are not complicated, we need to fix them. I'm confident that the new leadership team will. We have the right products and our Software Solutions' strategy is resonating with our clients. During the quarter, we added a new President, a new leader to drive our channel strategy and a new Head of Marketing. In December, we appointed a new worldwide sales leader to drive sales efficiency and productivity globally. We expect that this business can and should be better. While the market conditions in the technology industry are currently not great, I'm confident that we will see a slow and steady improvement in our Software Solutions business throughout the year.Now, as I have a recorder (05:32), let me update you on our three strategic initiatives for creating long-term value: reinventing Mailing, operational excellence, and growth by providing access to our Digital Commerce capabilities across our business.First, reinventing Mailing. The positive year-over-year growth in North America Mailing equipment sales and continued moderation of declines in International Mailing revenue reflect the benefits of rules we made to stabilize the business including go-to-market changes and realigning our geographic footprint. We're not done and we'll continue to focus on enhancing sales productivity globally. Last week's launch of SendPro as an application in the Commerce Cloud is a great demonstration of how we're reinventing Mailing to deliver new value to our SMB clients. We're integrating physical and digital technologies into more relevant solutions and enhancing their experience with us through digital interfaces.Read the rest of this transcript for free on seekingalpha.com

































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX












































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Air Delights - Bradley Washroom Products and Accessories

































































Home|Track Your Order 
	|Contact Us|
	Newsletter
	|About Us































(0)





Products  |  
       MSDS  |  
       Credit Application  |  
	Flat Rate Ground Shipping $9.95 Per Order!

Give us a call: 1-800-440-5556
















Air Fresheners
AutoMist Air Fresheners
Select Air Fresheners
Microburst 3000
Microburst 9000
Pump Air Fresheners
T-Cell Air Fresheners
Easy Fresh Air Fresheners
Eco-Air Air Fresheners
Fresh Products - New!
Restroom Essentials
AutoFlushers - Retrofit
AutoFlushers - Complete
Automatic Faucets
Manual Faucets
Soap Dispensers - Sensor
Soap Dispensers - Manual
WaterFree Urinal Cartridges
WaterFree Urinals
Hand Dryers
Paper Towel Dispensers
Toilet Paper Dispensers
Paper Products
Urinal Screens & Mats
Hand Sanitizers
Restroom Accessories
American Specialties
Bobrick Accessories
Bradley Accessories
AutoClean / AutoJanitor
Grab Bars
Toilet Seat Cover Disp.
Tampon Vending Machine
Napkin Disposal
Restroom Entrance Signs
Restroom Mirrors
Baby Changing Station
Hospeco Products
Toilet Seats
Repair Parts
Sloan Repair Parts
Flushmate Parts
T&S Brass Products
Zurn Repair Parts
Toilet Partition Hardware
Restroom Plumbing
Flush Valves
Commercial Toilets/Urinals
Commercial Restroom Sinks
Tankless Water Heaters
Shower Heads
Hydrotek Products
Valves / Backflow
Wilkins Water Control
Watts Water Safety
Febco Plumbing Products
Facility Products
Elkay Plumbing
Urinal Privacy Screens
Wet Floor Signs
Facility Workplace Signs

































Towel Combo Units












Paper Towel Dispensers












Waste Receptacles












Napkin Vendors












Napkin Disposal












Tissue Dispensers












Seat Cover












Soap Dispensers












Keys and Locks












Multi-Purpose Units












Hand Dryers












Mirrors












Shelves












Grab Bars












Accessories












Security Accessories












Eyewash Stations












Drench Showers












Eyewash Combos












Safety Parts/Acc















Customer Service

Track Your Order
Catalog Request
MSDS Information
Refund Policy


Contact Us
Company Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map




Payment Options







Social Media









Air Fresheners | Restroom Accessories | Plumbing Products
Phone: (800) 440-5556   •   Fax: (866) 243-5689
Copyright &copy 1991–
		. • Air Delights, Inc. All rights reserved.
























