


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Emerging Markets Outlook & Equity Opportunities | WisdomTree



























                Menu 
                









WisdomTree ETFs                                                    







 



                                            All ETFs
                




 



                                            Equity ETFs
                




 



                                            Fixed Income ETFs
                




 



                                            Alternative ETFs
                




 



                                            Currency ETFs
                




 



                                            All Indexes
                














Strategies                                                    







 



                                            Smart Beta
                




 



                                            Rising Rates Solutions
                




 



                                            Currency Hedging
                




 



                                            Quality Dividend Growth
                




 



                                            Fixed Income Solutions
                




 



                                            Emerging Markets
                














Resource Library                                                    







 



                                            WisdomTree Resources
                




 



                                            Prospectus & Regulatory
                




 



                                            Fact Sheets & Reports
                














Investor Community                                                    







 



                                            Financial Advisors
                




 



                                            Institutional Accounts
                














Blog                                                    







 



                                            All Blogs
                




 



                                            ETF Education
                




 



                                            Emerging Markets
                




 



                                            Interest Rate Strategies
                
















                                    About
                                












                                            Who we are
                                        









                                            Contact Us
                                        









                                            Press Room
                                        









                                            Careers
                                        














                                                    Investor Relations
                                                













                                                    Contact Us
                                                













                                                International Sites 
                                            












Canada                                                    









Switzerland                                                    









Germany                                                    









Finland                                                    









France                                                    









United Kingdom                                                    









Ireland                                                    









Italy                                                    









Japan                                                    









Luxembourg                                                    









Netherlands                                                    









Norway                                                    









Sweden                                                    









United States















                                                        Sign In / Register
                                                
























 BACK 
                


















About




Who we are


Contact Us


Press Room


Careers





Investor Relations 

Contact Us 




USA






CAN





CHE





DEU





FIN





FRA





GBR





IRL





ITA





JPN





LUX





NLD





NOR





SWE










Get access to exclusive content, industry insights, and more:
SIGN IN/REGISTER

















                                            WisdomTree ETFs
                                        







                            All ETFs
                        



                            Equity ETFs
                        



                            Fixed Income ETFs
                        



                            Alternative ETFs
                        



                            Currency ETFs
                        



                            All Indexes
                        







                                    Domestic Dividends
                                



                                    Domestic Earnings
                                



                                    Multifactor
                                



                                    Developed World ex-U.S.
                                



                                    Global/Global ex-U.S.
                                



                                    Emerging/Frontier Markets
                                



                                    Currency Hedged Equity
                                





                                    Strategic Core
                                



                                    Fundamental
                                



                                    International
                                



                                    Interest Rate Strategies
                                




DYLS
WisdomTree Dynamic Long/Short U.S. Equity Fund


DYB
WisdomTree Dynamic Bearish U.S. Equity Fund


WDTI
WisdomTree Managed Futures Strategy 


PUTW
WisdomTree CBOE S&P 500 PutWrite Strategy Fund


RRF
Global Real Return


GCC
WisdomTree Continuous Commodity Index Fund





                                    Domestic
                                



                                    Emerging Markets
                                






DTD
WisdomTree U.S. Total Dividend Fund


DLN
WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Dividend Fund


DON
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Dividend Fund


DES
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Dividend Fund


DHS
WisdomTree U.S. High Dividend Fund


DTN
WisdomTree U.S. Dividend ex-Financials Fund


DGRW
WisdomTree U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DGRS
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Quality Dividend Growth Fund




EXT
WisdomTree U.S. Total Earnings Fund


EPS
WisdomTree U.S. Earnings 500 Fund


EZM
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Earnings Fund


EES
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Earnings Fund


EZY
WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Value Fund


WUSA
WisdomTree U.S. Domestic Economy Fund


WEXP
WisdomTree U.S. Export and Multinational Fund




USMF
WisdomTree U.S. Multifactor Fund




DWM
WisdomTree International Equity Fund


DOL
WisdomTree International LargeCap Dividend Fund


DIM
WisdomTree International MidCap Dividend  Fund


DLS
WisdomTree International SmallCap Dividend Fund


DTH
WisdomTree International High Dividend Fund


DOO
WisdomTree International Dividend ex-Financials Fund


IQDG
WisdomTree International Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EUDG
WisdomTree Europe Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EDOM
WisdomTree Europe Domestic Economy Fund


DFE
WisdomTree Europe SmallCap Dividend Fund


DFJ
WisdomTree Japan SmallCap Dividend Fund


AUSE
WisdomTree Australia Dividend Fund




DEW
WisdomTree Global High Dividend Fund


DNL
WisdomTree Global ex‐U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund


GSD
WisdomTree Global SmallCap Dividend Fund


DRW
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Real Estate Fund


AXJL
WisdomTree Asia Pacific ex-Japan Fund


XMX
WisdomTree Global ex-Mexico Equity Fund




DVEM
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Dividend Fund


DEM
WisdomTree Emerging Markets High Dividend Fund


DGS
WisdomTree Emerging Markets SmallCap Dividend Fund


DGRE
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EMCG
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Consumer Growth Fund


EMSD
WisdomTree Strong Dollar Emerging Markets Equity Fund


EPI
WisdomTree India Earnings Fund


XSOE
WisdomTree Emerging Markets ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund


CXSE
WisdomTree China ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund


GULF
WisdomTree Middle East Dividend Fund




HEDJ
WisdomTree Europe Hedged Equity Fund


EUSC
WisdomTree Europe Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund


DXGE
WisdomTree Germany Hedged Equity Fund


DXUS
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Dividend Fund


IHDG
WisdomTree International Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund


HGSD
WisdomTree Global Hedged SmallCap Dividend Fund


DXPS
WisdomTree United Kingdom Hedged Equity Fund


HDRW
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Real Estate Fund


DXJ
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund


JHDG
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DXJS
WisdomTree Japan Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund


DXJF
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Financials Fund


DXJR
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Real Estate Fund


DXJC
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Capital Goods Fund


DXJH
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Health Care Fund


DDWM
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Equity Fund


DHDG
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DDLS
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International SmallCap Equity Fund


DDEZ
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Europe Equity Fund


DDJP
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Japan Equity Fund




CRDT
WisdomTree Strategic Corporate Bond Fund


UBND
WisdomTree Western Asset Unconstrained Bond Fund


AGGY
WisdomTree Barclays Yield Enhanced U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


SHAG
WisdomTree Barclays Yield Enhanced U.S. Short-Term Aggregate Bond Fund




WFIG
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Corporate Bond Fund


SFIG
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund


WFHY
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. High Yield Corporate Bond Fund


SFHY
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Short-Term High Yield Corporate Bond Fund




EMCB
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Corporate Bond Fund


ELD
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Local Debt Fund


ALD
WisdomTree Asia Local Debt Fund




AGZD
WisdomTree Barclays Interest Rate Hedged U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


AGND
WisdomTree Barclays Negative Duration U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


HYZD
WisdomTree Interest Rate Hedged High Yield Bond Fund


HYND
WisdomTree Negative Duration High Yield Bond Fund


USFR
WisdomTree Bloomberg Floating Rate Treasury Fund




USDU
WisdomTree Bloomberg U.S. Dollar Bullish Fund




CYB
WisdomTree Chinese Yuan Strategy Fund


BZF
WisdomTree Brazilian Real Strategy Fund


CEW
WisdomTree Emerging Currency Strategy Fund












                                            STRATEGIES
                                        



Smart Beta
Rising Rates Solutions
Currency Hedging
Quality Dividend Growth
Fixed Income Solutions
Emerging Markets






                                            RESOURCE LIBRARY
                                        



WisdomTree Resources
Prospectus & Regulatory
Fact Sheets & Reports






                                            INVESTOR COMMUNITY
                                        



Financial Advisors
Institutional Accounts






                                            BLOG
                                        



All Blogs
ETF Education
Emerging Markets
Interest Rate Strategies














My WisdomTree - Sign in
 










Remember me


SIGN IN


Forgot your password?








Not Registered? Register Now.
Individual investors who register can access daily blog posts, latest videos, podcasts and snapshots, and stay current with industry insights. On top of that, Financial Professionals get additional access to thoughtful research, smart analytics and unique economic commentary from Jeremy Siegel.
1. My Profile >2. Additional Information




 


Account Type


Individual Investor



 Financial Professional


































Select Country
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Korea, Republic of
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Other





By submitting below you certify that you have read and agree to our privacy policy.









NEXT STEP










Home


Strategies


Emerging Markets

 
We’re Bullish on India—and You Should Be Too
 
We are bullish on India—and we’re not the only ones. Many experts are expecting great things over the next five years, as economics, structural shifts in equity allocations, cultural changes and more may be combining to drive the market for years to come.


We delve deeper into these and other topics in our recent blogs.



Related Materials

Celebrating 10 Years in Emerging Markets





Commentaries from Our Thought Leaders
 


Indian Markets to Triple Over Five Years
by Jeremy Schwartz
Our Director of Research, Jeremy Schwartz saw this headline on LinkedIn recently: “Nifty will triple in 5 years.” The quote was attributed to Ridham Desai, Morgan Stanley’s head of research for Indian equities. We have been making the bullish case for India for some time, but the potential drivers for the view that Indian markets would triple is something we wanted to learn more about. 
 
Read the Blog
 
Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank of India on the Current State of the Economy
by Jeremy Schwartz
On the eve of the implementation of India’s national goods and services tax (GST), we had the pleasure of speaking with Viral Acharya, Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The conversation touched on a broad cross section of the Indian banking system and issues the RBI is focused on.
 
Read the Blog
 










 


Tilting Emerging Market Allocations toward Consumption, Growth & Quality
by Gaurav Sinha
For a global portfolio, emerging markets (EM) play several important roles. Some investors may invest in EM to diversify their global allocations, while others may be looking for faster growth. This leads to a fundamental question: is a traditional EM exposure enough to capture growth and consumption trends in the developing world?
 
Read the Blog
 

How India Is Re-Engineering Its Economic Engine
by Gaurav Sinha
While we are busy discussing policies in the United States, India quietly laid the foundation for a technology empire that is going to digitally connect 17% of humanity. The full potential of India’s push for digitization will be realized in time, but we think this is perhaps the most exciting technology development happening in the world today.
 
Read the Blog
 

Seeking Smarter Exposure to India’s Stock Market
by Gaurav Sinha
Driven by global “risk-on” and a host of local factors that we have covered in depth, the Indian equity markets have been doing very well for the last few months. So, what kind of exposure makes sense to allocate in the Indian equity landscape? The answer might be surprisingly simple for this large and fairly complicated economy: Stick to investing in fundamentals.
 
Read the Blog










 


Why the Timing Is Ripe for Emerging Market Equities
by Christopher Gannatti & Jeff Weniger
After tough returns in the 2013, 2014 and 2015 calendar years, many clients abandoned emerging market equity exposure. Today we examine those equities’ valuations relative to other equity markets.
 
Read the Blog
 

How Emerging Markets Have Sneaked Back in Vogue
by Christopher Gannatti
The three years as of December 31, 2015, was a very tough period for emerging markets. Since then, the MSCI Emerging Markets Index has outperformed the S&P 500 Index. But after 15 months of outperformance, has the window closed?
 
Read the Blog










 


China's Leverage Crackdown and What It Means for Stocks
by Joseph Tenaglia
For the last several decades, China’s economy has been growing at an extraordinary clip and now stands as the second largest economy in the world. Inevitably that rate must slow, which is exactly what has happened each year since 2010.
 
Read the Blog


 
Is Your EM Allocation Complete?
by Joseph Tenaglia
Emerging market (EM) equities sold off sharply following the election of Donald Trump last November, perhaps owing to the protectionist rhetoric and tough trade talk from the president-elect. That sell-off represented a pause in the party, but certainly not the end of it.
 
Read the Blog










Interested in more emerging markets research? Visit our blog.



Emerging Markets Valuations
by Jeremy Schwartz, Christopher Gannatti & Jeff Weniger

We believe the current environment is setting up an interesting opportunity for the astute investor to capitalize on inexpensive equity valuations in high-dividend-paying Emerging Markets equities. At the same time, those same markets are priced in currencies that in aggregate are at valuations akin to those seen near the beginning of Emerging Market’s large multiyear outperformance run that commenced at the beginning of this century. 
 
Read the Market Insight



Additional Resources for Financial Professionals
 
A Time-Tested Approach to High-Yielding Emerging Market Dividend Payers 
Advisor Solutions: Generating Income with Emerging Market Equities
Advisor Solutions: The Many Benefits of Blending Emerging Market Small Caps



Timing Is Everything, and It’s Good for Emerging Markets
 
The time may be right to consider emerging markets. These WisdomTree Funds may be best positioned to help you capitalize on emerging market opportunities.
 
EPI



INDIA EARNINGS FUND
 
The first ETF to buy local market shares, EPI provides access to some of the most profitable and fastest growing companies and sectors in India. 

Learn more about EPI


 
CXSE



CHINA EX-STATE-OWNED ENTERPRISES FUND
 
The first ETF to remove state-owned enterprises in China, CXSE provides the potential reduce the risks and enhance the returns of Chinese equities. 

Learn more about CXSE


 
DEM



EMERGING MARKETS HIGH DIVIDEND FUND
 
The first emerging market ETF built only with dividend payers, DEM provides broad diversification and performance potential. 

Learn more about DEM


 
DGS



EMERGING MARKETS SMALL CAP DIVIDEND FUND
 
One of the only emerging market ETFs focused solely on small companies, DGS provides broad diversification, true access to the emerging market consumer and the potential of the small-cap premium.

Learn more about DGS












RESTRICTED MATERIAL
This material is intended for Financial Professionals only. Financial Professionals who register with WisdomTree get exclusive access to our timely research and market insights.
LOGIN
Register












You are now leaving the WisdomTree Website


                     Hyperlinks on this website are provided as a convenience and we disclaim any responsibility for information, services or products found on the websites linked hereto.
                
Click here to continue





















JPMorgan Small Cap Equity Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan Small Cap Equity Fund(VSEAX)A CIR2R3R4R5R6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewPerformanceFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	This share class currently has a limited offering, please see prospectus for more details on the offering.
  




Designed ToDesigned to provide long-term capital growth primarily through a portfolio of U.S. small cap equity securities.ApproachEmploys a fundamental bottom-up investment process to invest in a diversified portfolio of small cap stocksSeeks to invest in companies with leading competitive advantages, predictable and durable business models and a sustainable free cash flowInvests in stocks with market capitalizations similar to the Russell 2000 Index










Overview widget loading ...







Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 Don  San Jose Portfolio Manager







 Daniel  Percella Portfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Fact Sheet: Small Cap Equity (A)




Commentary: Small Cap Equity







Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 Product Guide



Supplemental Data Sheet - Small Cap Equity Fund




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan Small Cap Equity Fund




Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution




Uncertified Portfolio Holdings







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 




Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 1.30% for A Shares, 1.80% for C Shares, 1.00% for I Shares, 1.55% for R2 Shares, 1.25% for R3 Shares, 1.00% for R4 Shares, 0.80% for R5 Shares and 0.75% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 10/31/2017 for A Shares, 10/31/2017 for C Shares, 10/31/2017 for I Shares, 10/31/2017 for R2 Shares, 10/31/2017 for R3 Shares, 10/31/2017 for R4 Shares, 10/31/2017 for R5 Shares and 10/31/2017 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The Russell 2000 Index is an unmanaged index, measuring performance of the 2000 smallest stocks (on the basis of capitalization) in the Russell 3000 Index. The performance of the Lipper Small-Cap Core Funds Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. Small-capitalization investments typically carry more risk than investments in well-established "blue-chip" companies since smaller companies generally have a higher risk of failure. Historically, smaller companies' stock has experienced a greater degree of market volatility than the average stock.Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. P/E ratio: the number by which earnings per share is multiplied to estimate a stock's value.  P/B ratio: the relationship between a stock's price and the book value of that stock. Beta measures a fund's volatility in comparison to the market as a whole. A beta of 1.00 indicates a fund has been exactly as volatile as the market. Sharpe ratio measures the fund's excess return compared to a risk-free investment. The higher the Sharpe ratio, the better the returns relative to the risk taken. Tracking Error: The active risk of the portfolio, which determines the annualized standard deviation of the excess returns between the portfolio and the benchmark. Alpha: The relationship between the performance of the Fund and its beta over a three-year period of time. Standard deviation/Volatility: A statistical measure of the degree to which the Fund's returns have varied from its historical average. The higher the standard deviation, the wider the range of returns from its average and the greater the historical volatility. The standard deviation is calculated over a 36-month period based on Fund's monthly returns. The standard deviation shown is based on the Fund's Class A Shares or the oldest share class, where Class A Shares are not available. R2: The percentage of a Fund's movements that result from movements in the index ranging from 0 to 100. A Fund with an R2 of 100 means that 100 percent of the Fund's movement can completely be explained by movements in the Fund's external index benchmark. EPS: Total earnings divided by the number of shares outstanding. Risk measures are calculated based upon the Funds' broad-based index as stated in the prospectus.








Lazard Emerging Markets Equity Portfolio | Lazard Asset Management


































Client Demo
Contact Us
Client Login















Search

Search LazardNet






Mutual Funds – Open-End Funds

Lazard Emerging Markets Equity Portfolio







Fund Description
The Lazard Emerging Markets Equity Portfolio seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing in companies with strong, sustainable financial productivity at attractive valuations. The Portfolio invests primarily in equity securities, principally common stocks, of non-U.S. companies whose principal activities are located in emerging market countries and that we believe are undervalued based on their earnings, cash flow or asset values. The Portfolio’s returns are compared to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index.
Investment Strategy

Bottom-up approach to stock selection, the hallmark of Lazard’s relative-value investment style.
Fundamental analysis considers sustainability of returns, while accounting validation examines companies’ stated financial statistics.
Screening seeks to identify companies that are attractively priced relative to their financial returns.
Quantitative research techniques are used to monitor risks associated with industry and country concentrations in order to ensure diversification.

Performance (%)








                                As of Jun 30, 2017
                            

Annualized



1 Mo
3 Mo
YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception




Lazard Emerging Markets Equity Portfolio Institutional
-0.50
2.16
12.78
19.32
-1.60
3.12
2.49
6.96


MSCI Emerging Markets Index
1.01
6.27
18.43
23.75
1.07
3.96
1.91
5.53









                                As of Jun 30, 2017
                            

Annualized



1 Mo
3 Mo
YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception




Lazard Emerging Markets Equity Portfolio Open
-0.54
2.04
12.61
18.97
-1.87
2.83
2.17
6.72


MSCI Emerging Markets Index
1.01
6.27
18.43
23.75
1.07
3.96
1.91
6.12









                                As of Jun 30, 2017
                            

Annualized



1 Mo
3 Mo
YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception




Lazard Emerging Markets Equity Portfolio R6
-0.50
2.16
12.78
19.32
-
-
-
3.21


MSCI Emerging Markets Index
1.01
6.27
18.43
23.75
-
-
-
4.68







The performance quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Net-of-fees performance is measured from inception. Mutual fund performance fluctuates and currently may be lower than stated. An investor may obtain performance data current to the most recent month-end online at www.LazardNet.com. The investment return and principal value of the Portfolio will fluctuate; an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
Returns reflect reimbursement of expenses as described in the prospectus. Had expenses not been reimbursed, returns would have been lower and the expense ratio would have been higher.
Please consider a fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses carefully before investing. For more complete information about The Lazard Funds, Inc. and current performance, you may obtain a prospectus or summary prospectus by calling 800-823-6300 or going to www.LazardNet.com. Read the prospectus or summary prospectus carefully before you invest. The prospectus and summary prospectus contain investment objectives, risks, charges, expenses, and other information about the Portfolio and The Lazard Funds that may not be detailed in this document. The Lazard Funds are distributed by Lazard Asset Management Securities LLC.
 





Symbol


Institutional  
LZEMX


Open  
LZOEX


R6  
RLEMX


CUSIP


Institutional  
52106N889


Open  
52106N764


R6  
52107V880


Inception Date


Institutional  
July 15, 1994


Open  
January 8, 1997


R6  
January 16, 2015


NAV


Institutional  

                        19.03
                            

                                0.05
                            



Open  

                        19.54
                            

                                0.05
                            



R6  

                        19.02
                            

                                0.04
                            




                    As of July 24, 2017
                


Assets Under Management


Institutional  
$11162.0 million


Open  
$1461.9 million


R6  
$397.2 million



                    As of June 30, 2017
                





Related Documents

Quarterly Fact Sheet
Quarterly Holdings
Important Tax Information
Year End Distributions
Spillback Dividend Information
Prospectus and Shareholder Report
Fund Application


 










Lazard Privacy Notice
Legal Information
Careers
Lazard.com
FINRA Brokercheck


Other Country Sites
United Kingdom
Germany/Italy
Japan
Australia
Korea
US
Global





About Us


Assets Under Management


History of Lazard Asset Management




Investment Strategies




Client Services


Financial Advisors


Financial Institutions


Institutional


Private Client Services


RIA Family Offices




Literature & Research


Investment Research


Investment Focus


Perspectives


Outlook


Letter from the Manager


Document Library






Lazard Insights




Open-End Funds


Equity                    


US Equity Concentrated


US Strategic Equity


US Small Mid Cap Equity


International Equity


International Equity Select


International Equity Concentrated


International Strategic Equity


International Equity Advantage


International Small Cap Equity


Global Equity Select


Global Strategic Equity


Managed Equity Volatility



Emerging Markets                    


Emerging Markets Equity


Emerging Markets Core Equity


Developing Markets Equity


Emerging Markets Equity Advantage


Emerging Markets Equity Blend


Emerging Markets Multi Asset


Emerging Markets Debt


Explorer Total Return


Emerging Markets Income



Fixed Income                    


US Corporate Income


US Short Duration Fixed Income 


Global Fixed Income



Real Assets                    


US Realty Income


US Realty Equity


Global Realty Equity


Global Listed Infrastructure


Real Assets and Pricing Opportunities 



Asset Allocation                    


Capital Allocator Opportunistic Strategies


Global Dynamic Multi Asset



Alternatives                    


Enhanced Opportunities


Fundamental Long/Short





Retirement Series


US Strategic Equity


US Small-Mid Cap Equity


International Equity


Emerging Markets Equity


Global Dynamic Multi Asset




Closed-End Funds


Lazard Global Total Return & Income Fund


Lazard World Dividend & Income Fund






Alternative Investments


Emerging Income Strategies


Emerging Markets Debt - Total Return


Alternative Emerging Markets


Global Hexagon


Japan Alternative Investment Series 


Rathmore


Liquid Alternatives                    


Enhanced Opportunities


Fundamental Long/Short


















Key Investor Information Document

You will be required to confirm that you have received and read the latest version of the Key Investor Information Document (KIID) for the relevant share class if you wish to:

Make an investment
Alter an existing standing instruction
Switch between share classes or to another fund

The KIID is a regulatory document that contains the key information to help you understand the nature and risks of investing in the fund.
The Supplementary Information Document provides a summary of additional information you should be aware of before investing with us and is included when you download the KIID.
You can also download an Application Form by ticking the application box below.




Select share class

Click here for a guide to the share classes Lazard offers.



Selected KIID


Other documents included in download:

Supplementary Information Document




Application Form












CLOSE








Application Form

You must confirm that you have received and read the Key Investor Information Document (KIID) for each share class of the fund in which you wish to invest on the Application Form. Please select the relevant shares class using the drop down menu below.
The Supplementary Information Document provides a summary of additional information you should be aware of before investing with us and is included when you download a KIID.




Select share class

Click here for a guide to the share classes Lazard offers.



Selected KIID


Other documents included in download:

Supplementary Information Document




Application Form












CLOSE







Factsheets




Select date
----
--








CLOSE

//////terms-popup////////







Terms & Conditions Change Country
Please read the important information below
You are entering a Lazard Asset Management LLC site intended only for United States persons.
If you are not a United States person, then the following pages are not directed at you and you should return to the global welcome page to select another country site.
By continuing, you agree to the terms of this site's legal notice.



I Agree
I Disagree









//////terms-popup////////











Lazard Australia Privacy Policy and Collection Statement
In this Privacy Policy and Collection Statement the expressions "Lazard Pacific", “Lazard Pacific entity”, "we", "us" and "our" are references to Lazard Asset Management Pacific Co. ABN 13 064 523 619 AFS Licence 238432 and those Australian registered bodies corporate related to it.
We are subject to the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
This Privacy Policy and Collection Statement explains how we protect the privacy of your personal information under the APPs. It also sets out the matters that we are required to explain to individuals under APP5. The principles set out in this document apply to any personal information we collect about you, whether you provide it to us via our web site or other method or under any agreement or arrangement with us and to information which we might collect about you from other sources.
This Privacy Policy and Collection Statement does not apply to acts and practices of Lazard Pacific which relate directly to the employee records of Lazard Pacific’s current and former employees.
 










LAZARD EMERGING MARKETS SMALL CAP EQUITY TRUST Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      LAZARD EMERGING MARKETS SMALL CAP EQUITY TRUST
                    

•   NASHUA, NH
                          • Trust
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Lazard Emerging Markets Small CAP Equity Trust is based out of Nashua.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-21. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  other investment fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 5



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from LAZARD EMERGING MARKETS SMALL CAP EQUITY TRUST, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




lazard emerging markets small cap equity trust


20 TRAFALGAR SQUARE

NASHUA
NH
                                                        
                                                    03063


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-632-6000







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/21/2016
D/A filed on 10/23/2015
D/A filed on 10/24/2014
D/A filed on 10/25/2013
D/A filed on 10/26/2012
D filed on 10/28/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-21
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
831,062,250
INDEFINITE


2014-10-24
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
621,214,659
INDEFINITE


2013-10-25
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
118,608,652
INDEFINITE


2012-10-26
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
4,982,000
INDEFINITE


2011-10-28
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




OF NEW HAMPSHIRE   STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free






















Emerging Markets Equity Fund | Lazard Asset Management




























Client Login













             Site: AU Financial Adviser | Change Site >




Search

Search LazardNet




Lazard Funds




Emerging Markets Equity Fund







The Lazard Emerging Markets Equity Fund is an actively managed portfolio that typically invests in companies that we believe exhibit strong, sustainable financial productivity at attractive valuations. The Fund primarily invests in companies whose principal activities are located in emerging market countries or companies that derive a significant portion of their net assets and/or sales from emerging markets. This Fund excludes investments in companies engaged in manufacturing tobacco related products.
Why invest in the Lazard Emerging Markets Equity Fund?

To gain access to an attractive asset class with low correlation to global equities over the long term
To utilise one of the world’s largest Emerging Markets investment teams with many years of experience in managing these assets

Fund Materials

Factsheet



Annual Returns




Meet the Manager






Performance

        % Net of Fees
    









                                As of 30/6/2017
                            

Annualised



1 Mo
3 Mo
YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception




Lazard Emerging Markets Equity Fund 
-3.40
1.43
6.28
17.41
5.49
9.34
3.55
7.00


- MSCI Emerging Markets Index
-1.97
5.69
11.80
20.12
8.31
10.16
2.95
5.82






Please note that as of 1 April 2004 the benchmark was changed from the MSCI Emerging Markets Index GDR to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index NDR.


















 


New Minimum Investment

Please see below for more information.


 



Fund Ratings:
Lonsec: Recommended
Zenith: Recommended


Fund Information

Investment Return Objective

To achieve total returns (including income and capital appreciation and before the deduction of fees and taxes) that exceed those of the MSCI Emerging Markets Index by 3% per annum over rolling five-year periods.




Minimum Investment
$20,000





APIR Code
LAZ0003AU





Inception Date
22 Oct 1997





Total Fund Size
$1,111.3m





ICR
1.15% pa


Data as at 31 March 2017



Unit Prices


How To Invest



Fund Documents

Investment Outlook
Commentary
Financial Services Guide
Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
Additional Information Document
Application Form
Fund Distributions
Financial Report
Lonsec Review
Zenith Assessment

 


Investments can go up and down. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance. The net returns are calculated using the Fund's Net Asset Value unit price and are quoted after the deduction of Management Costs. Performance assumes reinvestment of all distributions.The Lonsec Rating (assigned June 2017) presented in this document is published by Lonsec Research Pty Ltd ABN 11 151 658 561 AFSL 421 445. The Rating is limited to “General Advice” (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and based solely on consideration of the investment merits of the financial product(s). Past performance information is for illustrative purposes only and is not indicative of future performance. It is not a recommendation to purchase, sell or hold Lazard Asset Management Pacific Co. product(s), and you should seek independent financial advice before investing in this product(s). The Rating is subject to change without notice and Lonsec assumes no obligation to update the relevant document(s) following publication. Lonsec receives a fee from the Fund Manager for researching the product(s) using comprehensive and objective criteria. For further information regarding Lonsec’s Ratings methodology, please refer to our website at: http://www.beyond.lonsec.com.au/intelligence/lonsec-ratings
The Zenith Investment Partners (“Zenith”) ABN 60 322 047 314 rating (assigned November 2016) referred to in this document is limited to “General Advice” (as defined by the Corporations Act 2001) for Wholesale clients only. This advice has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of any individual. It is not a specific recommendation to purchase, sell or hold the relevant product(s). Investors should seek independent financial advice before making an investment decision and should consider the appropriateness of this advice in light of their own objectives, financial situation and needs. Investors should obtain a copy of, and consider the PDS or offer document before making any decision and refer to the full Zenith Product Assessment available on the Zenith website. Zenith usually charges the product issuer, fund manager or a related party to conduct Product Assessments. Full details regarding Zenith’s methodology, ratings definitions and regulatory compliance are available on our Product Assessment’s and at http://www.zenithpartners.com.au/RegulatoryGuidelines







Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


Other Country Sites
Global
Australia
Germany
Italy
Japan
Korea
Singapore
United Kingdom
US





About Lazard            

Lazard Asset Management


History




Investment Strategies            

Australian Equities


Emerging Markets


Global Equities




Lazard Funds            

Australian Equity


Select Australian Equity


Australian Diversified Income


Emerging Markets Equity 


Emerging Markets Total Return Debt 


Global Equity Franchise


Global Listed Infrastructure 


Global Small Cap


Global Managed Volatility


Global Thematic Strategy




Unit Prices            

Unit Prices


Distributions




How To Invest            

How To Invest


Updated Information


Annual Financial Reports






Contact Us            

Contact Us
















Key Investor Information Document

You will be required to confirm that you have received and read the latest version of the Key Investor Information Document (KIID) for the relevant share class if you wish to:

Make an investment
Alter an existing standing instruction
Switch between share classes or to another fund

The KIID is a regulatory document that contains the key information to help you understand the nature and risks of investing in the fund.
The Supplementary Information Document provides a summary of additional information you should be aware of before investing with us and is included when you download the KIID.
You can also download an Application Form by ticking the application box below.




Select share class

Click here for a guide to the share classes Lazard offers.



Selected KIID


Other documents included in download:

Supplementary Information Document




Application Form












CLOSE








Application Form

You must confirm that you have received and read the Key Investor Information Document (KIID) for each share class of the fund in which you wish to invest on the Application Form. Please select the relevant shares class using the drop down menu below.
The Supplementary Information Document provides a summary of additional information you should be aware of before investing with us and is included when you download a KIID.




Select share class

Click here for a guide to the share classes Lazard offers.



Selected KIID


Other documents included in download:

Supplementary Information Document




Application Form












CLOSE







Factsheets




Select date
----
--








CLOSE


Lazard Asset Management Pacific Co. Privacy Policy and Disclosure Statement
In this Privacy Policy and Collection Statement the expressions "Lazard Pacific", “Lazard Pacific entity”, "we", "us" and "our" are references to Lazard Asset Management Pacific Co. ABN 13 064 523 619 AFS Licence 238432 and those Australian registered bodies corporate related to it.
We are subject to the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
This Privacy Policy and Collection Statement explains how we protect the privacy of your personal information under the APPs. It also sets out the matters that we are required to explain to individuals under APP5. The principles set out in this document apply to any personal information we collect about you, whether you provide it to us via our web site or other method or under any agreement or arrangement with us and to information which we might collect about you from other sources.
This Privacy Policy and Collection Statement does not apply to acts and practices of Lazard Pacific which relate directly to the employee records of Lazard Pacific’s current and former employees.
How we collect and hold personal information
We generally collect your personal information directly from you. For example, we may collect personal information about you when you deal with us over the telephone, (including recordings of those telephone conversations of which we have made you aware), send us correspondence (whether by letter, fax or email) or contact us through our web site, subscribe electronically to our web site/publications if available, or when you have contact with us in person. We also collect personal information about you, when you apply for a position with us.
Generally, the type of personal information we collect about you includes your name, date of birth, mailing address, telephone number and e-mail address and any other personal information required to identify you for the purposes of Australian anti-money laundering and counter terrorism financing legislation. We may also collect your username and password to log in to our website and the organisation for which you work, your position in the organisation and the dealings we have had with you during your employment with that organisation. In certain circumstances, we may also collect sensitive information about you such as information about membership of a professional or trade association, or membership of a trade union or police records of prospective employees. We may also collect your tax file number and other details in relation to your taxation position, when you make an application for one of our products.
There may be occasions when we need to source personal information about you from a third party. For example, we may collect personal information from a company for whom you work, other organisations with whom you have any dealings, a recruitment agency, a credit-reporting agency in relation to employment checks, an information service provider or from a publicly maintained record.
We may also collect web site visitors' contact information (like their e-mail addresses). We utilise "cookies" which enable us to monitor traffic patterns and to serve you more efficiently if you revisit the site. A cookie does not identify you personally but it does identify your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and this will provide you with an opportunity to either accept or reject it in each instance.
You may choose not to identify yourself, or to use a pseudonym when you deal with us. However we will need to identify you if we are required or authorised by Australian law, (such as anti-money laundering and counter terrorism financing legislation), or a court/tribunal order to do so or if it is impracticable for us to deal with you if you are not identified.
Purposes of collection
Lazard Pacific collects personal information for any one or some of the following purposes:

to provide you or your organisation with information about our product offerings;
to service our relationship with you, including managing your investments, responding to complaints or dispute you may have about our services and providing you with information from time to time about your investments;
to consider making offers of employment or for employment purposes;
to receive services from you or the organisation which employs you;
to advise you of new investment developments and to undertake other marketing activities such as informing you about any of our products and services that we think may be of interest to you,
to comply with our legal obligations.

If you do not provide some or all of the information requested, we may not be able either to provide you with an appropriate level of service or to fulfil another applicable purpose of collection.
We may disclose your personal information to our related bodies corporate, your consultant, custodian, asset consultant, broker, or financial adviser on your behalf or to your external professional service providers such as auditors, accountants or lawyers. If we receive personal information about you that we have not solicited, we will determine within a reasonable time if we could have collected it for any of the purposes listed above (which may require us to use or disclose it to do so). If we decide we could not have collected the information and it is not in a Commonwealth record, we will destroy or de-identify the information as soon as possible. Otherwise we will handle the information in accordance with this policy.
How we use or disclose your personal information
We will use and disclose personal information for the primary purpose for which it was collected or for any purpose for which you have consented. We may also use and disclose personal information for related purposes, such as dealing with any complaints or disputes you may have about our services and also to provide to you of information concerning investment developments and other services offered by us. We do not disclose personal information we collect to third parties for the purpose of allowing them to direct market their products and services to you. We engage third party contractors to perform services for us which involves the contractor handling personal information we hold. For example, we engage third party contractors such as Lazard Asset Management LLC, our parent company, to provide investment management services. In these situations, we prohibit the third party contractor from using personal information about you except for the specific purpose for which we supply it.
Direct marketing communications
We may from time to time send you promotional or marketing information about our products and services. You can ask to stop receiving direct marketing communications from us at any time by contacting us using the contact details below and expressing your preference to stop receiving some or all marketing communications or to only receive them in a particular way.
Other people's information which you provide to us
If you provide personal information to us about someone else (such as one of your directors or employees or someone with whom you have dealings) you must ensure that you are entitled to disclose that information to us and that, without us taking any further steps required by privacy laws, we may collect, use and disclose such information for the purposes described above. For example, you should take reasonable steps to ensure the individual concerned is aware of the various matters detailed in this Privacy Policy and any collection Statement provided to you, as those matters relate to that individual, including our identity, how to contact us, our purposes of collection, our information use and disclosure practices, the individual's right to obtain access to and correct their information and to make a complaint, how we will deal with these and the consequences for the individual if the information is not provided
Sharing information within the Lazard group
Each Lazard Pacific entity may disclose personal information to other Lazard Pacific entities, which will use and disclose the information only for the purpose for which it was originally collected. Contact details for all Lazard Pacific entities are as set out below.
Our duty of confidentiality and obligations of non-disclosure
Lazard Pacific may be subject to obligations of non-disclosure in respect of personal information which it holds arising from the fiduciary duties it owes its clients as well as general duties of confidentiality owed to its clients.
Gaining access to information we hold about you
We will, on request, provide you with access to the personal information we hold about you unless there is an exception that applies under APP12 such as where we have a legal duty of confidentiality. To make a request please contact us using the details in the contact section below. We will need to verify your identity before we give you access.
Your request to obtain access will be dealt with in a reasonable time. Lazard Pacific may recover from you its reasonable cost of providing you with access.
If we refuse to provide you with access to the information, we will provide you with written reasons for the refusal and inform you of any exceptions relied upon under APP12 and explain how you can complain if you are not satisfied with our decision.
Correcting your personal information
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete, and up-to-date whenever we collect it, and also when we use or disclose it, that it is relevant.
If you believe that any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete, out-of-date, irrelevant or misleading please contact us immediately using the details in the contact section below and we will take reasonable steps to correct this information or, if necessary, we will discuss alternative options with you. If we refuse to correct the information, we will provide you with written reasons for the refusal and how you can complain if you are not satisfied with our decision.
We will also correct your personal information if we are otherwise satisfied it is inaccurate, incomplete, out-of-date, irrelevant or misleading having regard to the purposes for which it is held by us.Security of your personal informationWe take reasonable steps to protect the personal information that we hold from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.Your personal information may be stored either in hard copy documents or as electronic data in Lazard Pacific's software or systems or transferred to outside contractors for storage purposes.We maintain physical security over our paper and electronic data stores and premises, such as locks and security systems. We also maintain computer and network security; for example, we use firewalls (security measures for the Internet) and other security systems such as user identifiers and passwords to control access to our computer system.Overseas disclosure of personal informationWe may disclose your personal information to entities located outside Australia as part of the management of our business, for example, for the purpose of aggregating our information databases internationally. In particular we disclose information to our parent company, Lazard Asset Management LLC located in the United States.Privacy complaintsIf you believe that we may have breached the APPs in relation to our handling of your personal information, you may complain to us and we will takes steps to respond and resolve your complaint as soon as possible. We may need to request further information from you to do this. To make a complaint please email or write to us at the contact details below and include sufficient details about your complaint. If we cannot resolve your complaint to your satisfaction you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC). Details of how to do this are available at www.oaic.gov.au.How to contact usIf you wish to gain access to or request correction of your personal information or you wish to make a complaint about a breach of your privacy, or if you have any query on how your personal information is collected, used or disclosed or any other query relating to this Privacy Policy and Collection Statement, please contact our Privacy Officer, using any of the contact details below:Telephone:+ 61 2 8274 1400Mail:
The Privacy Officer,

Lazard Asset Management Pacific Co.

Level 39, 1 Macquarie Place,

Sydney NSW 2000
Fax:+61 2 8274 1440Email:privacy.officer@lazard.comChanges and access to this Privacy PolicyThis Policy may be reviewed and updated from time to time to reflect our current legal obligations and information handling practices. The updated Policy will be posted on our website at www.lazardasset management.com.au and is also available to anyone who requests it by contacting us at the details above.//////site-chooser////////



Choose User Type Change Country

To help us provide you with the information you're looking for please select one of the following options.


Individual Investor



Financial Adviser



Institutional Investor







//////end site-chooser////////
//////terms-popup////////







Terms & Conditions Change Country
Please read the important information below
Please read the following terms and conditions that apply to this website www.lazardassetmanagement.com.au (“Site”). Once you have read the entire terms and conditions please accept them by clicking on the box entitled "I Agree". If you click on that box, then we will take that as acceptance by you of these terms and conditions as they may be updated from time to time. If you do not click that box, then you will not be able to access this Site.



I Agree
I Disagree









//////terms-popup////////

















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Global Small Cap Fund | Lazard Asset Management




























Client Login













             Site: AU Individual Investor | Change Site >




Search

Search LazardNet




Lazard Funds




Global Small Cap Fund







The Lazard Global Small Cap Fund is an actively managed portfolio that invests in global small companies which generally have a market capitalisation of between US$300m and US$5bn. Our focus is on companies that we believe are currently (or will soon be) financially productive; are inexpensively priced on a relative basis; and are poised to unlock shareholder value in the future. The number of holdings will generally range between 60 and 90, which, compared to a universe of over 7,000 global small companies, makes the Fund highly concentrated. The Fund can invest up to 25% in emerging market securities.
Why invest in the Lazard Global Small Cap Fund?

To gain efficient access to a ‘best ideas’ portfolio from a large and dynamic investable universe
To utilise a global investment team with many years of experience in managing these assets

Fund Materials
Factsheet


Investment Focus


Meet the Manager

 Disclaimer


The purpose of this video presentation is to provide information about the investment strategies offered by Lazard Asset Management Pacific Co ABN 13 064 523 619, AFS Licence 238432 (“Lazard”) and is not intended as and should not be interpreted as the giving of financial product advice. All of the graphs, charts and tables have been prepared by Lazard unless otherwise stated. The information contained in this presentation has been obtained or derived from sources believed by Lazard to be reliable but Lazard makes no representation or warranty as to their accuracy and accepts no liability for loss arising from the use of the material in this presentation unless such liability arises under specific statute. All opinions and estimates are as at the date of this presentation and are subject to change. The securities or sectors referred to in this presentation are not necessarily held by Lazard for all client portfolios, and should not be considered a recommendation or solicitation to purchase or sell the security or sector. It should not be assumed that any investment in the security or sector was, or will be, profitable.
This presentation has been prepared without taking account of any investor's objectives, financial situation or needs. Investors should get professional advice as to whether investment in any of the strategies referred to in the presentation is appropriate having regard to their particular investment needs, objectives and financial circumstances before investing. Investors should obtain a copy of the current PDS for a strategy, available at www.lazardassetmanagement.com.au or from your IDPS operator, and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire, or to continue to hold an investment in the strategy. Neither Lazard nor any member of the Lazard Group, including Lazard Asset Management LLC and its affiliates guarantees in any way the performance of any strategy, repayment of capital from any strategy, any particular return from or any increase in the value of a strategy. Information contained in this presentation is confidential and should not be reproduced.
Past performance may not be indicative of future results.



Performance

        % Net of Fees
    

I Class
W Class







                                As of 30/6/2017
                            

Annualised



1 Mo
3 Mo
YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception




Lazard Global Small Cap Fund I Class
-2.21
3.84
1.80
10.62
11.23
20.62
5.74
8.54


- MSCI World Small Cap Index
-1.44
3.68
3.58
17.36
13.31
19.69
6.60
7.44









                                As of 30/6/2017
                            

Annualised



1 Mo
3 Mo
YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception




Lazard Global Small Cap Fund W Class
-2.22
3.80
1.72
10.45
11.06
20.44
5.59
8.82


- MSCI World Small Cap Index
-1.44
3.68
3.58
17.36
13.31
19.69
6.60
9.11









Fund Information

Investment Return Objective

To achieve total returns (including income and capital appreciation and before the deduction of fees and taxes) that exceed those of the MSCI World Small Cap Accumulation Index by 3% per annum over rolling three-year periods.




Minimum Investment
$20,000



APIR Code


I Class
LAZ0002AU
W Class
LAZ0012AU



Inception Date


I Class
22 Oct 1997
W Class
13 Dec 2002





Total Fund Size
$198.8m



ICR


I Class
0.97% pa
W Class
1.12% pa


Data as at 31 March 2017



Unit Prices


How To Invest



Fund Documents

Financial Services Guide
Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
Additional Information Document
Application Form
Fund Distributions
Financial Report

 


Investments can go up and down. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance. The net returns are calculated using the Fund's Net Asset Value unit price and are quoted after the deduction of Management Costs. Performance assumes reinvestment of all distributions.







Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


Other Country Sites
Global
Australia
Germany
Italy
Japan
Korea
Singapore
United Kingdom
US





About Lazard            

Lazard Asset Management


History




Lazard Funds            

Australian Equity


Select Australian Equity


Australian Diversified Income


Emerging Markets Equity 


Emerging Markets Total Return Debt 


Global Equity Franchise


Global Listed Infrastructure 


Global Small Cap


Global Managed Volatility


Global Thematic Strategy




Unit Prices            

Unit Prices


Distributions




How To Invest            

How To Invest


Updated Information


Annual Financial Reports




Contact Us            

Contact Us
















Key Investor Information Document

You will be required to confirm that you have received and read the latest version of the Key Investor Information Document (KIID) for the relevant share class if you wish to:

Make an investment
Alter an existing standing instruction
Switch between share classes or to another fund

The KIID is a regulatory document that contains the key information to help you understand the nature and risks of investing in the fund.
The Supplementary Information Document provides a summary of additional information you should be aware of before investing with us and is included when you download the KIID.
You can also download an Application Form by ticking the application box below.




Select share class

Click here for a guide to the share classes Lazard offers.



Selected KIID


Other documents included in download:

Supplementary Information Document




Application Form












CLOSE








Application Form

You must confirm that you have received and read the Key Investor Information Document (KIID) for each share class of the fund in which you wish to invest on the Application Form. Please select the relevant shares class using the drop down menu below.
The Supplementary Information Document provides a summary of additional information you should be aware of before investing with us and is included when you download a KIID.




Select share class

Click here for a guide to the share classes Lazard offers.



Selected KIID


Other documents included in download:

Supplementary Information Document




Application Form












CLOSE







Factsheets




Select date
----
--








CLOSE


Lazard Asset Management Pacific Co. Privacy Policy and Disclosure Statement
In this Privacy Policy and Collection Statement the expressions "Lazard Pacific", “Lazard Pacific entity”, "we", "us" and "our" are references to Lazard Asset Management Pacific Co. ABN 13 064 523 619 AFS Licence 238432 and those Australian registered bodies corporate related to it.
We are subject to the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
This Privacy Policy and Collection Statement explains how we protect the privacy of your personal information under the APPs. It also sets out the matters that we are required to explain to individuals under APP5. The principles set out in this document apply to any personal information we collect about you, whether you provide it to us via our web site or other method or under any agreement or arrangement with us and to information which we might collect about you from other sources.
This Privacy Policy and Collection Statement does not apply to acts and practices of Lazard Pacific which relate directly to the employee records of Lazard Pacific’s current and former employees.
How we collect and hold personal information
We generally collect your personal information directly from you. For example, we may collect personal information about you when you deal with us over the telephone, (including recordings of those telephone conversations of which we have made you aware), send us correspondence (whether by letter, fax or email) or contact us through our web site, subscribe electronically to our web site/publications if available, or when you have contact with us in person. We also collect personal information about you, when you apply for a position with us.
Generally, the type of personal information we collect about you includes your name, date of birth, mailing address, telephone number and e-mail address and any other personal information required to identify you for the purposes of Australian anti-money laundering and counter terrorism financing legislation. We may also collect your username and password to log in to our website and the organisation for which you work, your position in the organisation and the dealings we have had with you during your employment with that organisation. In certain circumstances, we may also collect sensitive information about you such as information about membership of a professional or trade association, or membership of a trade union or police records of prospective employees. We may also collect your tax file number and other details in relation to your taxation position, when you make an application for one of our products.
There may be occasions when we need to source personal information about you from a third party. For example, we may collect personal information from a company for whom you work, other organisations with whom you have any dealings, a recruitment agency, a credit-reporting agency in relation to employment checks, an information service provider or from a publicly maintained record.
We may also collect web site visitors' contact information (like their e-mail addresses). We utilise "cookies" which enable us to monitor traffic patterns and to serve you more efficiently if you revisit the site. A cookie does not identify you personally but it does identify your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and this will provide you with an opportunity to either accept or reject it in each instance.
You may choose not to identify yourself, or to use a pseudonym when you deal with us. However we will need to identify you if we are required or authorised by Australian law, (such as anti-money laundering and counter terrorism financing legislation), or a court/tribunal order to do so or if it is impracticable for us to deal with you if you are not identified.
Purposes of collection
Lazard Pacific collects personal information for any one or some of the following purposes:

to provide you or your organisation with information about our product offerings;
to service our relationship with you, including managing your investments, responding to complaints or dispute you may have about our services and providing you with information from time to time about your investments;
to consider making offers of employment or for employment purposes;
to receive services from you or the organisation which employs you;
to advise you of new investment developments and to undertake other marketing activities such as informing you about any of our products and services that we think may be of interest to you,
to comply with our legal obligations.

If you do not provide some or all of the information requested, we may not be able either to provide you with an appropriate level of service or to fulfil another applicable purpose of collection.
We may disclose your personal information to our related bodies corporate, your consultant, custodian, asset consultant, broker, or financial adviser on your behalf or to your external professional service providers such as auditors, accountants or lawyers. If we receive personal information about you that we have not solicited, we will determine within a reasonable time if we could have collected it for any of the purposes listed above (which may require us to use or disclose it to do so). If we decide we could not have collected the information and it is not in a Commonwealth record, we will destroy or de-identify the information as soon as possible. Otherwise we will handle the information in accordance with this policy.
How we use or disclose your personal information
We will use and disclose personal information for the primary purpose for which it was collected or for any purpose for which you have consented. We may also use and disclose personal information for related purposes, such as dealing with any complaints or disputes you may have about our services and also to provide to you of information concerning investment developments and other services offered by us. We do not disclose personal information we collect to third parties for the purpose of allowing them to direct market their products and services to you. We engage third party contractors to perform services for us which involves the contractor handling personal information we hold. For example, we engage third party contractors such as Lazard Asset Management LLC, our parent company, to provide investment management services. In these situations, we prohibit the third party contractor from using personal information about you except for the specific purpose for which we supply it.
Direct marketing communications
We may from time to time send you promotional or marketing information about our products and services. You can ask to stop receiving direct marketing communications from us at any time by contacting us using the contact details below and expressing your preference to stop receiving some or all marketing communications or to only receive them in a particular way.
Other people's information which you provide to us
If you provide personal information to us about someone else (such as one of your directors or employees or someone with whom you have dealings) you must ensure that you are entitled to disclose that information to us and that, without us taking any further steps required by privacy laws, we may collect, use and disclose such information for the purposes described above. For example, you should take reasonable steps to ensure the individual concerned is aware of the various matters detailed in this Privacy Policy and any collection Statement provided to you, as those matters relate to that individual, including our identity, how to contact us, our purposes of collection, our information use and disclosure practices, the individual's right to obtain access to and correct their information and to make a complaint, how we will deal with these and the consequences for the individual if the information is not provided
Sharing information within the Lazard group
Each Lazard Pacific entity may disclose personal information to other Lazard Pacific entities, which will use and disclose the information only for the purpose for which it was originally collected. Contact details for all Lazard Pacific entities are as set out below.
Our duty of confidentiality and obligations of non-disclosure
Lazard Pacific may be subject to obligations of non-disclosure in respect of personal information which it holds arising from the fiduciary duties it owes its clients as well as general duties of confidentiality owed to its clients.
Gaining access to information we hold about you
We will, on request, provide you with access to the personal information we hold about you unless there is an exception that applies under APP12 such as where we have a legal duty of confidentiality. To make a request please contact us using the details in the contact section below. We will need to verify your identity before we give you access.
Your request to obtain access will be dealt with in a reasonable time. Lazard Pacific may recover from you its reasonable cost of providing you with access.
If we refuse to provide you with access to the information, we will provide you with written reasons for the refusal and inform you of any exceptions relied upon under APP12 and explain how you can complain if you are not satisfied with our decision.
Correcting your personal information
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete, and up-to-date whenever we collect it, and also when we use or disclose it, that it is relevant.
If you believe that any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete, out-of-date, irrelevant or misleading please contact us immediately using the details in the contact section below and we will take reasonable steps to correct this information or, if necessary, we will discuss alternative options with you. If we refuse to correct the information, we will provide you with written reasons for the refusal and how you can complain if you are not satisfied with our decision.
We will also correct your personal information if we are otherwise satisfied it is inaccurate, incomplete, out-of-date, irrelevant or misleading having regard to the purposes for which it is held by us.Security of your personal informationWe take reasonable steps to protect the personal information that we hold from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.Your personal information may be stored either in hard copy documents or as electronic data in Lazard Pacific's software or systems or transferred to outside contractors for storage purposes.We maintain physical security over our paper and electronic data stores and premises, such as locks and security systems. We also maintain computer and network security; for example, we use firewalls (security measures for the Internet) and other security systems such as user identifiers and passwords to control access to our computer system.Overseas disclosure of personal informationWe may disclose your personal information to entities located outside Australia as part of the management of our business, for example, for the purpose of aggregating our information databases internationally. In particular we disclose information to our parent company, Lazard Asset Management LLC located in the United States.Privacy complaintsIf you believe that we may have breached the APPs in relation to our handling of your personal information, you may complain to us and we will takes steps to respond and resolve your complaint as soon as possible. We may need to request further information from you to do this. To make a complaint please email or write to us at the contact details below and include sufficient details about your complaint. If we cannot resolve your complaint to your satisfaction you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC). Details of how to do this are available at www.oaic.gov.au.How to contact usIf you wish to gain access to or request correction of your personal information or you wish to make a complaint about a breach of your privacy, or if you have any query on how your personal information is collected, used or disclosed or any other query relating to this Privacy Policy and Collection Statement, please contact our Privacy Officer, using any of the contact details below:Telephone:+ 61 2 8274 1400Mail:
The Privacy Officer,

Lazard Asset Management Pacific Co.

Level 39, 1 Macquarie Place,

Sydney NSW 2000
Fax:+61 2 8274 1440Email:privacy.officer@lazard.comChanges and access to this Privacy PolicyThis Policy may be reviewed and updated from time to time to reflect our current legal obligations and information handling practices. The updated Policy will be posted on our website at www.lazardasset management.com.au and is also available to anyone who requests it by contacting us at the details above.//////site-chooser////////



Choose User Type Change Country

To help us provide you with the information you're looking for please select one of the following options.


Individual Investor



Financial Adviser



Institutional Investor







//////end site-chooser////////
//////terms-popup////////







Terms & Conditions Change Country
Please read the important information below
Please read the following terms and conditions that apply to this website www.lazardassetmanagement.com.au (“Site”). Once you have read the entire terms and conditions please accept them by clicking on the box entitled "I Agree". If you click on that box, then we will take that as acceptance by you of these terms and conditions as they may be updated from time to time. If you do not click that box, then you will not be able to access this Site.



I Agree
I Disagree









//////terms-popup////////



















Lazard Emerging Markets Equity Portfolio Institutional Shares (LZEMX) Fund Performance and Returns








































Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 












Lazard Emerging Markets Equity Portfolio Institutional Shares
 LZEMX


Fund Family DataAdd to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PagePDF ReportData DefinitionData QuestionQuoteChartFund AnalysisPerformanceRatings & RiskManagementStewardshipPortfolioExpenseTaxPurchaseFilingsTotal ReturnsInvestor Returns










Collapsed View
Expanded View



Compare







Enter Tickers




Add








Add Benchmark


Morningstar Indices


U.S. Market TR



					Value
				



							U.S. Value TR
						



							Small Value TR
						



							Mid Value TR
						



							Large Value TR
						





					Core
				



							U.S. Core TR
						



							Small Core TR
						



							Mid Core TR
						



							Large Core TR
						





					Growth
				



							U.S. Growth TR
						



							Small Growth TR
						


Mid Growth TR


Large Growth TR





					U.S. Small Cap TR
				



					U.S. Mid Cap TR
				


U.S. Large Cap TR


Dividend Leaders TR


Wide Moat Focus 20 TR



					Information Sup. Sector TR
				


Manufacturing Sup. Sector TR


Service Sup. Sector TR





			US Indices
		



					DJ Industrial Avg. TR
				



					S&P 500 TR
				



					S&P MidCap 400 TR
				



					NASDAQ Composite TR
				



					Russell 2000 TR
				





			Canada
		



					S&P/TSX Composite TR
				



					S&P/TSX 60 PR
				



					S&P/TSX Venture Composite PR
				





			Europe
		


DJ Stoxx 50 TR EUR



					Euronext BEL 20 PR (BEL)
				



					Euronext Paris CAC 40 TR (FRA)
				



					FTSE 100 TR (GBR)
				



					FTSE 250 TR (GBR)
				



					FSE DAX TR (DEU)
				





			Asia
		



					Nikkei 225 PR (JPN)
				



					Shanghai SE Composite PR (CHN)
				



					CSI 300 CNY
				



					Hang Seng HSI PR HKD
				


S&P/ASX 200 TR





			South Africa
		



					FTSE/JSE All Share Capped TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Top 40 SWIX TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE All Share SWIX TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Top 40 NR ZAR
				


FTSE/JSE All Africa Ex South Africa ZAR



					FTSE/JSE All Share TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE SA Listed Property TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Small Cap TR ZAR
				


FTSE/JSE Financials&Indl TR ZAR


FTSE/JSE SA Industrials TR ZAR



					FTSE/JSE SA Resources TR ZAR
				





			Primary Prospectus Benchmark
		



					MSCI EM NR USD
				





			Secondary Prospectus Benchmark
		



					N/A
				





			Analyst Assigned Benchmark
		



					MSCI EM NR USD
				



 

Add Morningstar Category

Allocation--15% to 30% Equity
Allocation--30% to 50% Equity
Allocation--50% to 70% Equity
Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
Allocation--85%+ Equity
Bank Loan
Bear Market
China Region
Commodities Agriculture
Commodities Broad Basket
Commodities Energy
Commodities Industrial Metals
Commodities Precious Metals
Communications
Consumer Cyclical
Consumer Defensive
Convertibles
Corporate Bond
Diversified Emerging Mkts
Diversified Pacific/Asia
Emerging Markets Bond
Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond
Energy Limited Partnership
Equity Energy
Equity Precious Metals
Europe Stock
Financial
Foreign Large Blend
Foreign Large Growth
Foreign Large Value
Foreign Small/Mid Blend
Foreign Small/Mid Growth
Foreign Small/Mid Value
Global Real Estate
Health
High Yield Bond
High Yield Muni
India Equity
Industrials
Inflation-Protected Bond
Infrastructure
Intermediate Government
Intermediate-Term Bond
Japan Stock
Large Blend
Large Growth
Large Value
Latin America Stock
Leveraged Net Long
Long Government
Long-Short Credit
Long-Short Equity
Long-Term Bond
Managed Futures
Market Neutral
Mid-Cap Blend
Mid-Cap Growth
Mid-Cap Value
Miscellaneous Region
Miscellaneous Sector
Money Market - Tax-Free
Money Market - Taxable
Multialternative
Multicurrency
Multisector Bond
Muni California Intermediate
Muni California Long
Muni Florida
Muni Massachusetts
Muni Minnesota
Muni National Interm
Muni National Long
Muni National Short
Muni New Jersey
Muni New York Intermediate
Muni New York Long
Muni Ohio
Muni Pennsylvania
Muni Single State Interm
Muni Single State Long
Muni Single State Short
Natural Resources
Nontraditional Bond
Option Writing
Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk
Preferred Stock
Real Estate
Short Government
Short-Term Bond
Single Currency
Small Blend
Small Growth
Small Value
Stable Value
Static Allocation--15% to 30% Equity
Static Allocation--30% to 50% Equity
Static Allocation--50% to 70% Equity
Static Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
Static Allocation--85%+ Equity
Static Intermediate Bond
Static Large Blend
Static Large Growth
Static Large Value
Static Mid-Cap Equity
Static Non US Equity
Static Short-Term Bond
Static Small-Cap Equity
Static US Government
Tactical Allocation
Target-Date 2000-2010
Target-Date 2015
Target-Date 2020
Target-Date 2025
Target-Date 2030
Target-Date 2035
Target-Date 2040
Target-Date 2045
Target-Date 2050
Target-Date 2055
Target-Date 2060+
Target-Date Retirement
Technology
Trading--Inverse Commodities
Trading--Inverse Debt
Trading--Inverse Equity
Trading--Leveraged Commodities
Trading--Leveraged Debt
Trading--Leveraged Equity
Trading--Miscellaneous
Ultrashort Bond
Utilities
Volatility
World Allocation
World Bond
World Large Stock
World Small/Mid Stock
 



Clear All

									Recent Securities & Benchmarks (max. active = 5)








Customize Interactive Chart
Growth of 10,000



 
 















							Trailing Total Returns
 LZEMX



							Daily

							Monthly

							Quarterly



















Quarterly & Monthly Total Returns
 LZEMX



							Quarterly

							Monthly










										S&P 500 index data: S&P 500 Copyright © 2017Currency is displayed in USD.
Italics indicate Extended Performance. Extended performance is an estimate based on the performance of the fund's oldest share class, adjusted for fees.
        			




							Trailing Investor Returns
 LZEMX



							Monthly

							Quarterly






						Currency is displayed in USD.


 

  We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.












 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










 






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Emerging Markets Outlook & Equity Opportunities | WisdomTree



























                Menu 
                









WisdomTree ETFs                                                    







 



                                            All ETFs
                




 



                                            Equity ETFs
                




 



                                            Fixed Income ETFs
                




 



                                            Alternative ETFs
                




 



                                            Currency ETFs
                




 



                                            All Indexes
                














Strategies                                                    







 



                                            Smart Beta
                




 



                                            Rising Rates Solutions
                




 



                                            Currency Hedging
                




 



                                            Quality Dividend Growth
                




 



                                            Fixed Income Solutions
                




 



                                            Emerging Markets
                














Resource Library                                                    







 



                                            WisdomTree Resources
                




 



                                            Prospectus & Regulatory
                




 



                                            Fact Sheets & Reports
                














Investor Community                                                    







 



                                            Financial Advisors
                




 



                                            Institutional Accounts
                














Blog                                                    







 



                                            All Blogs
                




 



                                            ETF Education
                




 



                                            Emerging Markets
                




 



                                            Interest Rate Strategies
                
















                                    About
                                












                                            Who we are
                                        









                                            Contact Us
                                        









                                            Press Room
                                        









                                            Careers
                                        














                                                    Investor Relations
                                                













                                                    Contact Us
                                                













                                                International Sites 
                                            












Canada                                                    









Switzerland                                                    









Germany                                                    









Finland                                                    









France                                                    









United Kingdom                                                    









Ireland                                                    









Italy                                                    









Japan                                                    









Luxembourg                                                    









Netherlands                                                    









Norway                                                    









Sweden                                                    









United States















                                                        Sign In / Register
                                                
























 BACK 
                


















About




Who we are


Contact Us


Press Room


Careers





Investor Relations 

Contact Us 




USA






CAN





CHE





DEU





FIN





FRA





GBR





IRL





ITA





JPN





LUX





NLD





NOR





SWE










Get access to exclusive content, industry insights, and more:
SIGN IN/REGISTER

















                                            WisdomTree ETFs
                                        







                            All ETFs
                        



                            Equity ETFs
                        



                            Fixed Income ETFs
                        



                            Alternative ETFs
                        



                            Currency ETFs
                        



                            All Indexes
                        







                                    Domestic Dividends
                                



                                    Domestic Earnings
                                



                                    Multifactor
                                



                                    Developed World ex-U.S.
                                



                                    Global/Global ex-U.S.
                                



                                    Emerging/Frontier Markets
                                



                                    Currency Hedged Equity
                                





                                    Strategic Core
                                



                                    Fundamental
                                



                                    International
                                



                                    Interest Rate Strategies
                                




DYLS
WisdomTree Dynamic Long/Short U.S. Equity Fund


DYB
WisdomTree Dynamic Bearish U.S. Equity Fund


WDTI
WisdomTree Managed Futures Strategy 


PUTW
WisdomTree CBOE S&P 500 PutWrite Strategy Fund


RRF
Global Real Return


GCC
WisdomTree Continuous Commodity Index Fund





                                    Domestic
                                



                                    Emerging Markets
                                






DTD
WisdomTree U.S. Total Dividend Fund


DLN
WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Dividend Fund


DON
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Dividend Fund


DES
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Dividend Fund


DHS
WisdomTree U.S. High Dividend Fund


DTN
WisdomTree U.S. Dividend ex-Financials Fund


DGRW
WisdomTree U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DGRS
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Quality Dividend Growth Fund




EXT
WisdomTree U.S. Total Earnings Fund


EPS
WisdomTree U.S. Earnings 500 Fund


EZM
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Earnings Fund


EES
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Earnings Fund


EZY
WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Value Fund


WUSA
WisdomTree U.S. Domestic Economy Fund


WEXP
WisdomTree U.S. Export and Multinational Fund




USMF
WisdomTree U.S. Multifactor Fund




DWM
WisdomTree International Equity Fund


DOL
WisdomTree International LargeCap Dividend Fund


DIM
WisdomTree International MidCap Dividend  Fund


DLS
WisdomTree International SmallCap Dividend Fund


DTH
WisdomTree International High Dividend Fund


DOO
WisdomTree International Dividend ex-Financials Fund


IQDG
WisdomTree International Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EUDG
WisdomTree Europe Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EDOM
WisdomTree Europe Domestic Economy Fund


DFE
WisdomTree Europe SmallCap Dividend Fund


DFJ
WisdomTree Japan SmallCap Dividend Fund


AUSE
WisdomTree Australia Dividend Fund




DEW
WisdomTree Global High Dividend Fund


DNL
WisdomTree Global ex‐U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund


GSD
WisdomTree Global SmallCap Dividend Fund


DRW
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Real Estate Fund


AXJL
WisdomTree Asia Pacific ex-Japan Fund


XMX
WisdomTree Global ex-Mexico Equity Fund




DVEM
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Dividend Fund


DEM
WisdomTree Emerging Markets High Dividend Fund


DGS
WisdomTree Emerging Markets SmallCap Dividend Fund


DGRE
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EMCG
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Consumer Growth Fund


EMSD
WisdomTree Strong Dollar Emerging Markets Equity Fund


EPI
WisdomTree India Earnings Fund


XSOE
WisdomTree Emerging Markets ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund


CXSE
WisdomTree China ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund


GULF
WisdomTree Middle East Dividend Fund




HEDJ
WisdomTree Europe Hedged Equity Fund


EUSC
WisdomTree Europe Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund


DXGE
WisdomTree Germany Hedged Equity Fund


DXUS
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Dividend Fund


IHDG
WisdomTree International Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund


HGSD
WisdomTree Global Hedged SmallCap Dividend Fund


DXPS
WisdomTree United Kingdom Hedged Equity Fund


HDRW
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Real Estate Fund


DXJ
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund


JHDG
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DXJS
WisdomTree Japan Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund


DXJF
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Financials Fund


DXJR
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Real Estate Fund


DXJC
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Capital Goods Fund


DXJH
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Health Care Fund


DDWM
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Equity Fund


DHDG
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DDLS
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International SmallCap Equity Fund


DDEZ
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Europe Equity Fund


DDJP
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Japan Equity Fund




CRDT
WisdomTree Strategic Corporate Bond Fund


UBND
WisdomTree Western Asset Unconstrained Bond Fund


AGGY
WisdomTree Barclays Yield Enhanced U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


SHAG
WisdomTree Barclays Yield Enhanced U.S. Short-Term Aggregate Bond Fund




WFIG
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Corporate Bond Fund


SFIG
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund


WFHY
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. High Yield Corporate Bond Fund


SFHY
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Short-Term High Yield Corporate Bond Fund




EMCB
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Corporate Bond Fund


ELD
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Local Debt Fund


ALD
WisdomTree Asia Local Debt Fund




AGZD
WisdomTree Barclays Interest Rate Hedged U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


AGND
WisdomTree Barclays Negative Duration U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


HYZD
WisdomTree Interest Rate Hedged High Yield Bond Fund


HYND
WisdomTree Negative Duration High Yield Bond Fund


USFR
WisdomTree Bloomberg Floating Rate Treasury Fund




USDU
WisdomTree Bloomberg U.S. Dollar Bullish Fund




CYB
WisdomTree Chinese Yuan Strategy Fund


BZF
WisdomTree Brazilian Real Strategy Fund


CEW
WisdomTree Emerging Currency Strategy Fund












                                            STRATEGIES
                                        



Smart Beta
Rising Rates Solutions
Currency Hedging
Quality Dividend Growth
Fixed Income Solutions
Emerging Markets






                                            RESOURCE LIBRARY
                                        



WisdomTree Resources
Prospectus & Regulatory
Fact Sheets & Reports






                                            INVESTOR COMMUNITY
                                        



Financial Advisors
Institutional Accounts






                                            BLOG
                                        



All Blogs
ETF Education
Emerging Markets
Interest Rate Strategies














My WisdomTree - Sign in
 










Remember me


SIGN IN


Forgot your password?








Not Registered? Register Now.
Individual investors who register can access daily blog posts, latest videos, podcasts and snapshots, and stay current with industry insights. On top of that, Financial Professionals get additional access to thoughtful research, smart analytics and unique economic commentary from Jeremy Siegel.
1. My Profile >2. Additional Information




 


Account Type


Individual Investor



 Financial Professional


































Select Country
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Korea, Republic of
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Other





By submitting below you certify that you have read and agree to our privacy policy.









NEXT STEP










Home


Strategies


Emerging Markets

 
We’re Bullish on India—and You Should Be Too
 
We are bullish on India—and we’re not the only ones. Many experts are expecting great things over the next five years, as economics, structural shifts in equity allocations, cultural changes and more may be combining to drive the market for years to come.


We delve deeper into these and other topics in our recent blogs.



Related Materials

Celebrating 10 Years in Emerging Markets





Commentaries from Our Thought Leaders
 


Indian Markets to Triple Over Five Years
by Jeremy Schwartz
Our Director of Research, Jeremy Schwartz saw this headline on LinkedIn recently: “Nifty will triple in 5 years.” The quote was attributed to Ridham Desai, Morgan Stanley’s head of research for Indian equities. We have been making the bullish case for India for some time, but the potential drivers for the view that Indian markets would triple is something we wanted to learn more about. 
 
Read the Blog
 
Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank of India on the Current State of the Economy
by Jeremy Schwartz
On the eve of the implementation of India’s national goods and services tax (GST), we had the pleasure of speaking with Viral Acharya, Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The conversation touched on a broad cross section of the Indian banking system and issues the RBI is focused on.
 
Read the Blog
 










 


Tilting Emerging Market Allocations toward Consumption, Growth & Quality
by Gaurav Sinha
For a global portfolio, emerging markets (EM) play several important roles. Some investors may invest in EM to diversify their global allocations, while others may be looking for faster growth. This leads to a fundamental question: is a traditional EM exposure enough to capture growth and consumption trends in the developing world?
 
Read the Blog
 

How India Is Re-Engineering Its Economic Engine
by Gaurav Sinha
While we are busy discussing policies in the United States, India quietly laid the foundation for a technology empire that is going to digitally connect 17% of humanity. The full potential of India’s push for digitization will be realized in time, but we think this is perhaps the most exciting technology development happening in the world today.
 
Read the Blog
 

Seeking Smarter Exposure to India’s Stock Market
by Gaurav Sinha
Driven by global “risk-on” and a host of local factors that we have covered in depth, the Indian equity markets have been doing very well for the last few months. So, what kind of exposure makes sense to allocate in the Indian equity landscape? The answer might be surprisingly simple for this large and fairly complicated economy: Stick to investing in fundamentals.
 
Read the Blog










 


Why the Timing Is Ripe for Emerging Market Equities
by Christopher Gannatti & Jeff Weniger
After tough returns in the 2013, 2014 and 2015 calendar years, many clients abandoned emerging market equity exposure. Today we examine those equities’ valuations relative to other equity markets.
 
Read the Blog
 

How Emerging Markets Have Sneaked Back in Vogue
by Christopher Gannatti
The three years as of December 31, 2015, was a very tough period for emerging markets. Since then, the MSCI Emerging Markets Index has outperformed the S&P 500 Index. But after 15 months of outperformance, has the window closed?
 
Read the Blog










 


China's Leverage Crackdown and What It Means for Stocks
by Joseph Tenaglia
For the last several decades, China’s economy has been growing at an extraordinary clip and now stands as the second largest economy in the world. Inevitably that rate must slow, which is exactly what has happened each year since 2010.
 
Read the Blog


 
Is Your EM Allocation Complete?
by Joseph Tenaglia
Emerging market (EM) equities sold off sharply following the election of Donald Trump last November, perhaps owing to the protectionist rhetoric and tough trade talk from the president-elect. That sell-off represented a pause in the party, but certainly not the end of it.
 
Read the Blog










Interested in more emerging markets research? Visit our blog.



Emerging Markets Valuations
by Jeremy Schwartz, Christopher Gannatti & Jeff Weniger

We believe the current environment is setting up an interesting opportunity for the astute investor to capitalize on inexpensive equity valuations in high-dividend-paying Emerging Markets equities. At the same time, those same markets are priced in currencies that in aggregate are at valuations akin to those seen near the beginning of Emerging Market’s large multiyear outperformance run that commenced at the beginning of this century. 
 
Read the Market Insight



Additional Resources for Financial Professionals
 
A Time-Tested Approach to High-Yielding Emerging Market Dividend Payers 
Advisor Solutions: Generating Income with Emerging Market Equities
Advisor Solutions: The Many Benefits of Blending Emerging Market Small Caps



Timing Is Everything, and It’s Good for Emerging Markets
 
The time may be right to consider emerging markets. These WisdomTree Funds may be best positioned to help you capitalize on emerging market opportunities.
 
EPI



INDIA EARNINGS FUND
 
The first ETF to buy local market shares, EPI provides access to some of the most profitable and fastest growing companies and sectors in India. 

Learn more about EPI


 
CXSE



CHINA EX-STATE-OWNED ENTERPRISES FUND
 
The first ETF to remove state-owned enterprises in China, CXSE provides the potential reduce the risks and enhance the returns of Chinese equities. 

Learn more about CXSE


 
DEM



EMERGING MARKETS HIGH DIVIDEND FUND
 
The first emerging market ETF built only with dividend payers, DEM provides broad diversification and performance potential. 

Learn more about DEM


 
DGS



EMERGING MARKETS SMALL CAP DIVIDEND FUND
 
One of the only emerging market ETFs focused solely on small companies, DGS provides broad diversification, true access to the emerging market consumer and the potential of the small-cap premium.

Learn more about DGS












RESTRICTED MATERIAL
This material is intended for Financial Professionals only. Financial Professionals who register with WisdomTree get exclusive access to our timely research and market insights.
LOGIN
Register












You are now leaving the WisdomTree Website


                     Hyperlinks on this website are provided as a convenience and we disclaim any responsibility for information, services or products found on the websites linked hereto.
                
Click here to continue





















JPMorgan Small Cap Equity Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan Small Cap Equity Fund(VSEAX)A CIR2R3R4R5R6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewPerformanceFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	This share class currently has a limited offering, please see prospectus for more details on the offering.
  




Designed ToDesigned to provide long-term capital growth primarily through a portfolio of U.S. small cap equity securities.ApproachEmploys a fundamental bottom-up investment process to invest in a diversified portfolio of small cap stocksSeeks to invest in companies with leading competitive advantages, predictable and durable business models and a sustainable free cash flowInvests in stocks with market capitalizations similar to the Russell 2000 Index










Overview widget loading ...







Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 Don  San Jose Portfolio Manager







 Daniel  Percella Portfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Fact Sheet: Small Cap Equity (A)




Commentary: Small Cap Equity







Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 Product Guide



Supplemental Data Sheet - Small Cap Equity Fund




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan Small Cap Equity Fund




Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution




Uncertified Portfolio Holdings







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 




Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 1.30% for A Shares, 1.80% for C Shares, 1.00% for I Shares, 1.55% for R2 Shares, 1.25% for R3 Shares, 1.00% for R4 Shares, 0.80% for R5 Shares and 0.75% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 10/31/2017 for A Shares, 10/31/2017 for C Shares, 10/31/2017 for I Shares, 10/31/2017 for R2 Shares, 10/31/2017 for R3 Shares, 10/31/2017 for R4 Shares, 10/31/2017 for R5 Shares and 10/31/2017 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The Russell 2000 Index is an unmanaged index, measuring performance of the 2000 smallest stocks (on the basis of capitalization) in the Russell 3000 Index. The performance of the Lipper Small-Cap Core Funds Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. Small-capitalization investments typically carry more risk than investments in well-established "blue-chip" companies since smaller companies generally have a higher risk of failure. Historically, smaller companies' stock has experienced a greater degree of market volatility than the average stock.Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. P/E ratio: the number by which earnings per share is multiplied to estimate a stock's value.  P/B ratio: the relationship between a stock's price and the book value of that stock. Beta measures a fund's volatility in comparison to the market as a whole. A beta of 1.00 indicates a fund has been exactly as volatile as the market. Sharpe ratio measures the fund's excess return compared to a risk-free investment. The higher the Sharpe ratio, the better the returns relative to the risk taken. Tracking Error: The active risk of the portfolio, which determines the annualized standard deviation of the excess returns between the portfolio and the benchmark. Alpha: The relationship between the performance of the Fund and its beta over a three-year period of time. Standard deviation/Volatility: A statistical measure of the degree to which the Fund's returns have varied from its historical average. The higher the standard deviation, the wider the range of returns from its average and the greater the historical volatility. The standard deviation is calculated over a 36-month period based on Fund's monthly returns. The standard deviation shown is based on the Fund's Class A Shares or the oldest share class, where Class A Shares are not available. R2: The percentage of a Fund's movements that result from movements in the index ranging from 0 to 100. A Fund with an R2 of 100 means that 100 percent of the Fund's movement can completely be explained by movements in the Fund's external index benchmark. EPS: Total earnings divided by the number of shares outstanding. Risk measures are calculated based upon the Funds' broad-based index as stated in the prospectus.



