

Lazex Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















lazex inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Recreation Facilities & Svcs
Sub-Industry: Leisure & Travel Services
Lazex Inc. provides travel services. The Company offers tourism consultation services. Lazex conducts business in the Czech Republic.




Corporate Information
Address:

68/29 Husitska Street
Zizkov
Prague, 13000
Czech Republic


Phone:
1-775-800-4477


Fax:
-





Board Members




President/Treasurer/Secretary
Company


Iuliia Gitelman
Lazex Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Iuliia Gitelman


President/Treasurer/Secretary







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































 BBVA BANCO FRANCES SA (Form: 6-K, Received: 07/01/2016 16:57:56) 











	 


	 



	FORM 6-K




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, D.C. 20549




	REPORT OF FOREIGN ISSUER




	PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16




	OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934




	For the month of July 2016




	Commission File Number: 001-12568



	 



	 




	BBVA French
	Bank S.A.




	(Translation of registrants name into English)



	 



	 




	Reconquista 199, 1006




	Buenos Aires, Argentina




	(Address of principal executive offices)



	 



	 



	Indicate by
	check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F:


	Form
	20-F  

	  X  

	             Form 40-F

	        



	Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b) (1):


	Yes

	        

	        
	No  

	  X  



	 


	Indicate by check
	mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b) (7):


	Yes

	        

	        No  

	  X  



	Indicate by check mark whether by furnishing the information contained in this Form, the Registrant is also thereby furnishing the information
	to the Commission pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:


	Yes

	        

	        No  

	  X  



	If Yes is marked, indicate below the file number assigned to the registrant in connection with Rule 12g3-2(b):

	N/A



	 


	 


	 






	BBVA Banco Francés S.A.



	TABLE OF CONTENTS


	 














	Item




	  


	  






	  


	Issuance of notes under the Global Program of Notes to a total amount of U$S 750 million 










	Buenos Aires, July 1, 2016


	Securities and Exchange Commission



	RE: Material Event

	 Issuance of notes under the Global Program of Notes to a total amount of U$S 750 million 


	In our consideration:


	We inform you that the Board of BBVA Banco Frances S. A. in its meeting held on June 30, 2016, approved under the global program to a
	total amount outstanding of U$S 750 million, the issuance of one or more series for a total amount not to exceed AR$ 500 million to be offer in the market, which will be determined in due course by the sub-delegation, together with the
	other terms of issuance.


	Sincerely;



	BBVA BANCO FRANCES S.A.



	 










	SIGNATURES


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
	the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


	 


















	  



	BBVA Banco Francés S.A.













	Date: July 1, 2016


	  


	By:


	  



	/s/ Ignacio Sanz y Arcelus







	  




	  


	Name: Ignacio Sanz y Arcelus






	  




	  


	Title:   Chief Financial Officer











 LANDAUER INC (Form: SC 13G/A, Received: 02/09/2016 10:07:29) 












UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION



Washington, D.C. 20549




SCHEDULE 13G



Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

(Amendment No. 2)*



Landauer Inc.


Common



51476K103



December 31, 2015


Check the appropriate box to designate the rule pursuant to which this

Schedule is filed:


[X]  Rule 13d-1 (b)

[ ]  Rule 13d-1 (c)

[ ]  Rule 13d-1 (d)


*The remainder of this cover page shall be filled out for a reporting
person's initial filing on this form with respect to the subject class
of securities, and for any subsequent amendment containing information
which would alter the disclosures provided in a prior cover page.


The information required in the remainder of this cover page shall not
be deemed to be "filed" for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 ("Act") or otherwise subject to the liabilities of
that section of the Act but shall be subject to all other provisions of
the Act (however, see the Notes).








CUSIP No.  51476K103
1. Names of Reporting Persons.
I.R.S. Identification Nos. of above persons

RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC as Parent Company for Ceredex Value
Advisors LLC.
58-1604573

2. Check the Appropriate Box if a Member of a Group
(a) __________
(b) __________

3. SEC Use Only

4. Citizenship or Place of Organization
Delaware


Number of       5.  Sole Voting Power             490,047.
Shares
Beneficially    6.  Shared Voting Power                 0.
Owned by
Each            7.  Sole Dispositive Power        680,553.
Reporting
Person With     8.  Shared Dispositive Power            0.

9. Aggregate Amount Beneficially Owned by Each Reporting Person
        680,553.

10. Check if the Aggregate Amount in Row (9) Excludes Certain Shares*

11.  Percent of Class Represented by Amount in Row (9)
        7.11%

12.  Type of Reporting Person*
        HC / IA




UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

SCHEDULE 13G

Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934


Item 1.
(a) Name of Issuer:
Landauer Inc.
(b) Address of Issuer's Principal Executive Offices:
2 Science Road
Glenwood, Illinois 60425

Item 2.
(a) Name of Person Filing:
RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC as Parent Company for Ceredex Value
Advisors LLC.
(b) Address of Principal Business Office or, if none, Residence:
3333 Piedmont Road NE
Suite 1500
Atlanta, GA 30305
(c) Citizenship:
RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC is a Delaware limited liability company;
Ceredex Value Advisors LLC is a Delaware limited liability company
(d) Title of Class of Securities:
Common Stock
(e) CUSIP Number:
51476K103

Item 3. If this statement is filed pursuant to SS240.13d-1(b) or
240.13-2(b) or (c), check whether the person filing is a:

(a) [ ] Broker or dealer registered under section 15 of the Act
(15 U.S.C. 78o);
(b) [ ] Bank as defined in section 3(a)(6) of the Act (15 U.S.C. 78c);
(c) [ ] Insurance company as defined in section 3(a)(19) of the
Act (15 U.S.C. 78c);
(d) [ ] Investment company registered under section 8 of the Investment
Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-8);
(e) [X] An investment adviser in accordance with SS240.13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(E);
(f) [ ] An employee benefit plan or endowment fund in accordance with
SS240.13d-      1(b)(1)(ii)(F);
(g) [X] A parent holding company or control person in accordance with
SS240.13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(G);
(h) [ ] A savings association as defined in Section 3(b) of the Federal
Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813);
(i) [ ] A church plan that is excluded from the definition of an
investment company under section 3(c)(14) of the Investment Company Act
of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-3);
(j) [ ] Group, in accordance with SS240.13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(J).

Item 4. Ownership

Provide the following information regarding the aggregate number and
percentage of the class of securities of the issuer identified in
Item 1.

(a) Amount beneficially owned:                                  680,553.
(b) Percent of class:                                            7.11%
(c) Number of shares as to which the person has:
(i) Sole power to vote or to direct the vote                    490,047.
(ii) Shared power to vote or to direct the vote                       0.
(iii) Sole power to dispose or to direct the disposition of     680,553.
(iv) Shared power to dispose or to direct the disposition of          0.

Item 5. Ownership of Five Percent or Less of a Class
If this statement is being filed to report the fact that as of the date
hereof the reporting person has ceased to be the beneficial owner of
more than five percent of the class of securities, check the following
[].

Item 6. Ownership of More than Five Percent on Behalf of Another Person
Not Applicable.

Item 7. Identification and Classification of the Subsidiary Which
Acquired the Security Being Reported on By the Parent Holding Company
See Item 2.

Item 8. Identification and Classification of Members of the Group
Not Applicable

Item 9. Notice of Dissolution of Group
Not Applicable

Item 10. Certification
By signing below I certify that, to the best of my knowledge and belief,
the securities referred to above were acquired and are held in the
ordinary course of business and were not acquired and are not held for
the purpose of or with the effect of changing or influencing the control
of the issuer of the securities and were not acquired and are not held
in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having that
purpose or effect.


SIGNATURE

After reasonable inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I
certify that the information set forth in this statement is true,
complete and correct.


February 11, 2016
Date

/s/  Ashi Parikh
Signature

Ashi Parikh / Chief Executive Officer
Name / Title












  1487494D:OTC BB Stock Quote - Lazex Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Lazex Inc   1487494D:US   OTC BB    Pending Listing   1487494D:US is pending listing   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Lazex Inc. provides travel services. The Company offers tourism consultation services. Lazex conducts business in the Czech Republic.    Address  68/29 Husitska StreetZizkovPrague, 13000Czech Republic   Phone  1-775-800-4477   Website   -     Executives Board Members    Iuliia Gitelman  President/Treasurer/Secretary     Show More         

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















Lazex Inc. S-1 - Form S 1 General Securities Registration Statement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > LAZEX INC. S-1

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Lazex Inc. S-1
Form S 1 General Securities Registration Statement



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves LAZEX INC.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: LAZEX INC. S-1 Date: 11/7/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










    Registration No.
______________________

 


As filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7,
2016


 


UNITED STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

________________________

 

 

FORM
S-1

 

REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

________________________

 

 

LAZEX
INC.

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 

 




 





Nevada

(State or Other
Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

 

61-1789640

IRS Employer
Identification Number

 

8748

Primary
Standard Industrial Classification Code Number




68/29 Husitska
st.,

Zizkov, Prague,
Czech Republic 13000

Tel.
775-800-4477

(Address and
telephone number of principal executive offices)

 

EastBiz.com,
Inc.

5348 Vegas
Dr.

Las Vegas,
NV 89108

Tel.
702-871-8678

 

 (Name,
address and telephone number of agent for service)

 

Approximate
date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as
practicable after this Registration Statement becomes
effective.





1 |
Page


 

  

If any of the
securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a
delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933, please check the following
box:[X]

If this form is
filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to
Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the
earlier effective registration statement for the same offering:[
 ]

 

If this form is
a post-effective registration statement filed pursuant to Rule
462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier
effective registration statement for the same offering:[
 ]

 

If this form is
a post-effective registration statement filed pursuant to Rule
462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier
effective registration statement for the same offering:[
 ]

 

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller
reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check
one):

 

Large
accelerated filer [  ] Accelerated filer [
 ] Non-accelerated filer [  ] Smaller reporting
company[X]

(Do not check
if a smaller reporting company)

   

CALCULATION
OF REGISTRATION FEE

 




 



 



 



 



 





Securities
to be

Registered



Amount To Be
Registered (1)



Offering
Price Per Share (2)



Aggregate
Offering Price



Registration

Fee





Common
Stock:



5,000,000



$0.02



$100,000



$11.59




 

(1) In the
event of a stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction
involving our common stock, the number of shares registered shall
automatically be increased to cover the additional shares of common
stock issuable pursuant to Rule 416 under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended.

 

(2) Estimated
solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant
to Rule 457(a) of the Securities Act.

 

The
registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date
or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the
registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states
that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective
in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, or
until the registration statement shall become effective on such
date as the Commission, acting pursuant to Section 8(a), may
determine.

 





2 |
Page


 

  

PROSPECTUS

The
information in this prospectus may be changed. These securities may
not be sold until the registration statement filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is
not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an
offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale
is not permitted. There is no minimum purchase requirement for the
offering to proceed.

 

LAZEX
INC.

5,000,000
SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

$0.02 PER
SHARE

 

This is the
initial offering of common stock of LAZEX INC. and no public market
currently exists for the securities being offered. We are
registering for sale a total of 5,000,000 shares of common stock at
a fixed price of $0.02 per share to the general public in best
efforts offering. We estimate our total offering registration
costs to be approximately $8,000. There is no minimum number of
shares that must be sold by us for the offering to proceed, and we
will retain the proceeds from the sale of any of the offered
shares. The offering is being conducted on a
self-underwritten, best efforts basis, which means our President,
Iuliia Gitelman, will attempt to sell the shares. We are making
this offering without the involvement of underwriters or
broker-dealers.

 

This Prospectus
will permit our President to sell the shares directly to the
public, with no commission or other remuneration payable to her for
any shares she may sell. Ms. Gitelman will sell all the shares
registered herein. In offering the securities on our behalf,
she will rely on the safe harbor from broker-dealer registration
set out in Rule 3a4-1 under the Securities and Exchange Act of
1934. The shares will be offered at a fixed price of $0.02 per
share for a period of two hundred and forty (240) days from the
effective date of this prospectus. The offering shall terminate on
the earlier of (i) when the offering period ends (240 days from the
effective date of this prospectus), (ii) the date when the sale of
all 5,000,000 shares is completed, (iii) when the Board of
Directors decides that it is in the best interest of the Company to
terminate the offering prior the completion of the sale of all
5,000,000 shares registered under the Registration Statement of
which this Prospectus is part. 

 

LAZEX INC. is a
development stage company and has yet to commence its operations.
To date we have been involved primarily in organizational
activities. We do not have sufficient capital to commence
operations. Any investment in the shares offered herein involves a
high degree of risk. You should only purchase shares if you can
afford the loss of your investment. Our independent registered
public accountant has issued an audit opinion which includes a
statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to
continue as a going concern.

 

See "risk
factors" for a discussion of certain information that should be
considered in connection with an investment in the common stock
offered hereby.

 

There has been
no market for our securities and a public market may never develop,
or, if any market does develop, it may not be sustained. Our common
stock is not traded on any exchange or on the over-the-counter
market. After the effective date of the registration statement
relating to this prospectus, we hope to have a market maker file an
application with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
(“FINRA”) for our common stock to be eligible for
trading on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. To be eligible
for quotation, issuers must remain current in their quarterly and
annual filings with the SEC. If we are not able to pay the expenses
associated with our reporting obligations, we will not be able to
apply for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board. We do not yet have a
market maker who has agreed to file such application. There can be
no assurance that our common stock will ever be quoted on a stock
exchange or a quotation service or that any market for our stock
will develop.

 

We are an
“emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act (“JOBS Act”).

 

The
purchase of the securities offered through this prospectus involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully read and consider the
section of this prospectus entitled “risk factors” on
pages 7 through 13 before buying any shares of LAZEX INC.’s
common stock.

 

Neither
the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or
disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or
accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is
a criminal offense.

 

The
information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed.
We may not sell these securities until the registration statement
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective.
This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is
not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where
the offer or sale is not permitted.

 

 

  

SUBJECT TO
COMPLETION, DATED __________, 2016

 





3 |
Page


 

 
 

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

 

 

 





 



 



 





PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY



 



5





RISK
FACTORS



 



7





FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS



 



13





USE OF
PROCEEDS



 



13





DETERMINATION
OF OFFERING PRICE



 



14





DILUTION



 



14





MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATIONS



 



15





DESCRIPTION OF
BUSINESS



 



20





LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS



 



22





DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTER AND CONTROL PERSONS



 



22





EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION



 



24





CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS



 



25





SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT



 



25





PLAN OF
DISTRIBUTION



 



26





DESCRIPTION OF
SECURITIES



 



28





INDEMNIFICATION



 



29





INTERESTS OF
NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL



 



29





EXPERTS



 



29





AVAILABLE
INFORMATION



 



29





CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE



 



30





INDEX TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



 



30




 

 

 

We have
not authorized any dealer, salesperson or other person to give any
information or represent anything not contained in this prospectus.
You should not rely on any unauthorized information. This
prospectus is not an offer to sell or buy any shares in any state
or other jurisdiction in which it is unlawful. The information in
this prospectus is current as of the date on the cover. You should
rely only on the information contained in this
prospectus.

 

 





4 |
Page


 

 
 

PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY

 

As used
in this prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires,
“we,” “us,” “our,” and
“LAZEX INC.” Refers to LAZEX INC. The following summary
does not contain all of the information that may be important to
you. You should read the entire prospectus before making an
investment decision to purchase our common
stock.

 

LAZEX
INC.

 

LAZEX INC. was
incorporated in Nevada on July 12, 2015. We are development stage
company and intend to commence operations in the touristic
consultation business.

 

We intend to
use the net proceeds from this offering to develop our business
operations (See “Description of Business” and
“Use of Proceeds”). To implement our plan of operations
we require a minimum of $42,000 for the next twelve months as
described in our Plan of Operations. There is no assurance that we
will generate any revenue in the first 12 months after completion
our offering or ever generate any revenue.

 

Being a
development stage company, we have very limited operating history.
If we do not generate any revenue we may need a minimum of $10,000
of additional funding to pay for ongoing SEC filing requirements.
We do not currently have any arrangements for additional financing.
Our principal executive offices are located at 68/29 Husitska st.,
Zizkov, Prague, Czech Republic 13000. Our phone number is
775-800-4477.


From inception (July 12, 2015) until the date of this filing, we
have had limited operating activities. Our financial statements
from inception (July 12, 2015) through July 31, 2016, reports no
revenues and an deficit accumulated of $2,834. Our independent
registered public accounting firm has issued an audit opinion for
LAZEX INC. which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt
as to our ability to continue as a going concern. To date, we have
established our company, developed our business plan and we are
looking for potential clients.

 

As of the date
of this prospectus, there is no public trading market for our
common stock and no assurance that a trading market for our
securities will ever develop.

 

Proceeds from
this offering are required for us to proceed with our business plan
over the next twelve months. We require minimum funding of
approximately $42,000 to conduct our proposed operations and pay
all expenses for a minimum period of one year including expenses
associated with this offering and maintaining a reporting status
with the SEC. If we are unable to obtain minimum funding of
approximately $42,000, our business may fail. We do not anticipate
earning revenues until we enter into commercial operation. Since we
are presently in the development stage of our business, we can
provide no assurance that we will successfully sell any products or
services related to our planned activities.





5 |
Page


 

  

   

THE
OFFERING

 




 



 





The
Issuer:

 



LAZEX
INC.





Securities
Being Offered:

 



5,000,000
 shares of common stock.





Price Per
Share:

 



$0.02





Duration of the
Offering:

 



The shares will
be offered for a period of two hundred and forty (240) days from
the effective date of this prospectus. The offering shall terminate
on the earlier of (i) when the offering period ends (240 days from
the effective date of this prospectus), (ii) the date when the sale
of all 5,000,000 shares is completed, (iii) when the Board of
Directors decides that it is in the best interest of the Company to
terminate the offering prior the completion of the sale of all
5,000,000 shares registered under the Registration Statement of
which this Prospectus is part. 





Gross
Proceeds

 



$100,000





Securities
Issued and Outstanding:



There are
5,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of the
date of this prospectus, held by our sole officer and director,
Iuliia Gitelman.

If we are
successful at selling all the shares in this offering, we will have
10,000,000 shares issued and outstanding.





Subscriptions



All
subscriptions once accepted by us are irrevocable.





Registration
Costs



We estimate our
total offering registration costs to be approximately
$8,000.

 





Risk
Factors



See “Risk
Factors” and the other information in this prospectus for a
discussion of the factors you should consider before deciding to
invest in shares of our common stock.




 

There is no
assurance that we will raise the full $100,000 as anticipated and
there is no guarantee that we will receive any proceeds from the
offering.

 

 





6 |
Page


 

 
 

SUMMARY
FINANCIAL INFORMATION

 

The tables and
information below are derived from our unaudited financial
statements for the period from July 12, 2015 (Inception) to July
31, 2016:

 





 



 



 





Financial Summary



July 31,
2016 ($)

(Unudited)



April 30,
2016 ($)





Cash and
Deposits



3,080



5,100





Total
Assets



3,080



5,100





Total
Liabilities



914



914





Total
Stockholder’s Equity



2,166



4,186




 

 




 



 



 





Statement of Operations



Three Months
 ended July 31, 2016 ($)



Accumulated from July
12, 2015

(Inception) to April
30, 2016 ($)





Total
Expenses



2,020



164





Net Loss for
the Period



(2,020)



(164)




  

RISK
FACTORS

 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You
should carefully consider the risks described below and the other
information in this prospectus before investing in our common
stock. If any of the following risks occur, our business, operating
results and financial condition could be seriously harmed. The
trading price of our common stock, when and if we trade at a later
date, could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all
or part of your investment.

 

 

Risks
related to our business

 

Because
our auditors have raised a going concern, there is a substantial
uncertainty that we will continue operations in which case you
could lose your investment.

 

Our auditors
have issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is
substantial doubt that we can continue as an ongoing business for
the next twelve months. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the uncertainty about our
ability to continue in business. As such we may have to cease
operations and you could lose your investment.

 

We may
continue to lose money, and if we do not achieve profitability, we
may not be able to continue our business.

 

We are company
with limited operations, have incurred expenses and have losses. In
addition, we expect to continue to incur significant operating
expenses. As a result, we will need to generate significant
revenues to achieve profitability, which may not occur. We expect
our operating expenses to increase as a result of our planned
expansion. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may be unable to
sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in
the future. We expect to have quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in
revenues, expenses, losses and cash flow, some of which could be
significant. Results of operations will depend upon numerous
factors, some beyond our control, including regulatory actions,
market acceptance of our products and services, new products and
service introductions, and competition.





7 |
Page


 

  

 

We are
solely dependent upon the funds to be raised in this offering to
start our business, the proceeds of which may be insufficient to
achieve revenues and profitable operations. We may need to obtain
additional financing which may not be available.

 

Our current
operating funds are less than necessary to complete our intended
operations. We need the proceeds from this offering to start
our operations as described in the “Plan of Operation”
section of this prospectus. As of July 31, 2016, we had cash
in the amount of $3,080 and liabilities of $914. As of this
date, we have no income and just recently started our operation.
The proceeds of this offering may not be sufficient for us to
achieve revenues and profitable operations. We need additional
funds to achieve a sustainable sales level where ongoing operations
can be funded out of revenues. There is no assurance that any
additional financing will be available or if available, on terms
that will be acceptable to us.

 

We require
minimum funding of approximately $42,000 to conduct our proposed
operations for a period of one year. If we are not able to raise
this amount, or if we experience a shortage of funds prior to
funding we may utilize funds from Iuliia Gitelman, our sole officer
and director, who has informally agreed to advance funds to allow
us to pay for professional fees, including fees payable in
connection with the filing of this registration statement and
operation expenses. However, Ms. Gitelman has no formal commitment,
arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the
company. After one year we may need additional financing. If
we do not generate any revenue, we may need a minimum of $10,000 of
additional funding to pay for ongoing SEC filing requirements. We
do not currently have any arrangements for additional
financing.

 

If we are
successful in raising the funds from this offering, we plan to
commence activities to continue our operations. We cannot provide
investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise
sufficient funds to continue our business plan according to our
plan of operations.

 

We are a
development stage company and have commenced limited operations in
our business. We expect to incur significant operating losses for
the foreseeable future.  

We were
incorporated on July 12, 2015 and to date have been involved
primarily in organizational activities. We have commenced limited
business operations. Accordingly, we have no way to evaluate the
likelihood that our business will be successful. Potential
investors should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered
by new companies and the high rate of failure of such enterprises.
The likelihood of success must be considered in light of the
problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays
encountered in connection with the operations that we plan to
undertake. These potential problems include, but are not
limited to, unanticipated problems relating to the ability to
generate sufficient cash flow to operate our business, and
additional costs and expenses that may exceed current
estimates. We anticipate that we will incur increased
operating expenses without realizing any revenues. We expect to
incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. We
recognize that if the effectiveness of our business plan is not
forthcoming, we will not be able to continue business
operations. There is no history upon which to base any
assumption as to the likelihood that we will prove successful, and
it is doubtful that we will generate any operating revenues or ever
achieve profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in
addressing these risks, our business will most likely
fail.

 

We have
limited sales and marketing experience, which increases the risk
that our business will fail.

 

We have no
experience in the touristic consultation business marketing, and
have only nominal sales and marketing experience. Our future
success will depend, among other factors, upon whether our services
can be sold at a profitable price and the extent to which consumers
acquire, adopt, and continue to use them. There can be no assurance
that service will gain wide acceptance in its targeted markets or
that we will be able to effectively market our services.





8 |
Page


 

  

We are in
a competitive market which could impact our ability to gain market
share which could harm our financial
performance.

 

The business of
niche of the touristic consultation business is very competitive.
Barriers to entry are relatively low, and we face competitive
pressures from companies anxious to join this niche. There are a
number of successful companies that offer similar niche services,
which may prevent us from gaining enough market share to become
successful.  These competitors have existing customers
that may form a large part of our targeted client base, and such
clients may be hesitant to switch over from already established
competitors to our service.  If we cannot gain enough
market share, our business and our financial performance will be
adversely affected.

 

Some of
our competitors may be able to use their financial strength to
dominate the market, which may affect our ability to generate
revenues.

Some of our
competitors may be much larger companies than us and very well
capitalized. They could choose to use their greater resources to
finance their continued participation and penetration of this
market, which may impede our ability to generate sufficient revenue
to cover our costs. Their better financial resources could allow
them to significantly out spend us on research and development, as
well as marketing and production. We might not be able to maintain
our ability to compete in this circumstance

We have
no customers and we cannot guarantee future customers. Even if we
obtain customers, there is no assurance that we will be able to
generate a profit. If that occurs we will have to cease
operations.

 

We have not
identified any customers and we cannot guarantee that we will be
able to attract futurecustomers. Even if we obtain customers for
our service, there is no guarantee that we will make a
profit. If we are unable to attract enough customers to
operate profitably, we will have to suspend or cease
operations.

 

Because
we are small and do not have much capital, our marketing campaign
may not be enough to attract sufficient number of customers to
operate profitably. if we do not make a profit, we will suspend or
cease operations.

 

Due to the fact
we are small and do not have much capital, we must limit our
marketing activities and may not be able to make our services known
to potential customers. Because we will be limiting our marketing
activities, we may not be able to attract enough customers to
operate profitably. If we cannot operate profitably, we may have to
suspend or cease operations.

 

Because
our sole officer and director will own more than 50% of our
outstanding common stock, she will make and control corporate
decisions that may be disadvantageous to minority
shareholders.

 

Ms. Gitelman,
our sole officer and director, will own more than 50% of the
outstanding shares of our common stock. Accordingly, she will have
significant influence in determining the outcome of all corporate
transactions or other matters, including the election of directors,
mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of
our assets, and also the power to prevent or cause a change in
control. The interests of Ms. Gitelman may differ from the
interests of the other stockholders and may result in corporate
decisions that are disadvantageous to other
shareholders.

 

We depend
to a significant extent on certain key person, the loss of whom may
materially and adversely affect our company.

 

Currently, we
have only one employee who is also our sole officer and director.
We depend entirely on Iuliia Gitelman for all of our operations.
The loss of Ms. Gitelman would have a substantial negative effect
on our company and may cause our business to fail. Ms. Gitelman has
not been compensated for her services since our incorporation, and
it is highly unlikely that she will receive any compensation unless
and until we generate substantial revenues. There is intense
competition for skilled personnel and there can be no assurance
that we will be able to attract and retain qualified personnel on
acceptable terms. The loss of Ms. Gitelman’s services could
prevent us from completing the development of our plan of operation
and our business. In the event of the loss of services of such
personnel, no assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain
the services of adequate replacement personnel.





9 |
Page


 

  

We do not have
any employment agreements or maintain key person life insurance
policies on our officer and director. We do not anticipate entering
into employment agreements with her or acquiring key man insurance
in the foreseeable future.

 

Because
our sole officer and director will only be devoting limited time to
our operations, our operations may be sporadic which may result in
periodic interruptions or suspensions of operations. This activity
could prevent us from attracting enough customers and result in a
lack of revenues which may cause us to cease
operations.

 

Iuliia
Gitelman, our sole officer and director will only be devoting
limited time to our operations.She will be devoting approximately
20 hours a week to our operations. Because our sole office and
director will only be devoting limited time to our operations, our
operations may be sporadic and occur at times which are convenient
to him. As a result, operations may be periodically interrupted or
suspended which could result in a lack of revenues and a possible
cessation of operations.

 

Our sole
officer and director has no experience managing a public company
which is required to establish and maintain disclosure control and
procedures and internal control over financial
reporting.

 

We have never
operated as a public company. Iuliia Gitelman, our sole officer and
director has no experience managing a public company which is
required to establish and maintain disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting. As a
result, we may not be able to operate successfully as a public
company, even if our operations are successful. We plan to comply
with all of the various rules and regulations, which are required
for a public company that is reporting company with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. However, if we cannot operate successfully
as a public company, your investment may be materially adversely
affected.

 

 

As an
“emerging growth company” under the jobs act, we are
permitted to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure
requirements .

 

We qualify as
an “emerging growth company” under the JOBS Act. As a
result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from
certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging
growth company, we will not be required to:

 

-

have an auditor
report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant
to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;

-

provide an
auditor attestation with respect to management’s report on
the effectiveness ofourinternal controls overfinancial
reporting;

-

comply with any
requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a
supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional
information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an
auditor discussion and analysis);

-

submit certain
executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such
as “say-on-pay” and “say-on-frequency;”
and

-

disclose
certain executive compensation related items such as the
correlation between executive compensation and performance and
comparisons of the Chief Executive’s compensation to median
employee compensation.

 

In addition,
Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth
company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an
emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain
accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to
private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the
benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial
statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies
that comply with such new or revised accounting
standards.

 





10 |
Page


 

  

We will remain
an “emerging growth company” for up to five years, or
until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in
which our total annual gross revenues is $1 billion, (ii) the date
that we become a “large accelerated filer” as defined
in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which
would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that is held
by non-affiliates is $700 million as of the last business day of
our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (iii) the date
on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible
debt during the preceding three year period.

 

Until such
time, however, we cannot predict if investors will find our common
stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If
some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and
our stock price may be more volatile.

 

Risks
associated with this offering

 

Because
the offering price has been arbitrarily set by the company, you may
not realize a return on your investment upon resale of your
shares.

 

The offering
price and other terms and conditions relative to the
Company’s shares have been arbitrarily determined by us and
do not bear any relationship to assets, earnings, book value or any
other objective financial criteria. Additionally, as the Company
was formed on July 12, 2015, and has only a limited operating
history with no earnings, the price of the offered shares is not
based on its past earnings, and no investment banker, appraiser, or
other independent third party, has been consulted concerning the
offering price for the shares or the fairness of the offering price
used for the shares, as such our stockholders may not be able to
receive a return on their investment when they sell their shares of
common stock.

 

We are
selling this offering without an underwriter and may be unable to
sell any shares.

 

This offering
is self-underwritten, that is, we are not going to engage the
services of an underwriter to sell the shares; we intend to sell
our shares through our President, who will receive no commissions.
There is no guarantee that she will be able to sell any of the
shares. Unless she is successful in receiving the proceeds in the
amount of $100,000 from this offering, we may have to seek
alternative financing to implement our business plan.

 

The
regulation of penny stocks by the SEC and FINRA may discourage the
tradability of the company's securities.

 

The shares
being offered are defined as a penny stock under the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”),
and rules of the Commission. The Exchange Act and such penny stock
rules generally impose additional sales practice and disclosure
requirements on broker-dealers who sell our securities to persons
other than certain accredited investors who are, generally,
institutions with assets in excess of $5,000,000 or individuals
with net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding
$200,000 ($300,000 jointly with spouse), or in transactions not
recommended by the broker-dealer. For transactions covered by the
penny stock rules, a broker dealer must make certain mandated
disclosures in penny stock transactions, including the actual sale
or purchase price and actual bid and offer quotations, the
compensation to be received by the broker-dealer and certain
associated persons, and deliver certain disclosures required by the
Commission. Consequently, the penny stock rules may make it
difficult for you to resell any shares you may purchase, if at
all.

 





11 |
Page


 

  

Our
president, Ms. Gitelman does not have any prior experience offering
and selling securities, and our offering does not require a mimimum
amount to be raised. As a result of this we may not be able to
raise enough funds to commence and sustain our business and
investors may lose their entire investment.

 

Ms. Gitelman
does not have any experience conducting a securities offering.
Consequently, we may not be able to raise any funds successfully.
Also, the best effort offering does not require a minimum amount to
be raised. If we are not able to raise sufficient funds, we may not
be able to fund our operations as planned, and our business will
suffer and your investment may be materially adversely affected.
Our inability to successfully conduct a best-effort offering could
be the basis of your losing your entire investment in
us.

 

Due to
the lack of a trading market for our securities, you may have
difficulty selling any shares you purchase in this
offering.

 

We are not
registered on any market or public stock exchange. There is
presently no demand for our common stock and no public market
exists for the shares being offered in this prospectus. We plan to
contact a market maker immediately following the completion of the
offering and apply to have the shares quoted on the
Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (“OTCBB”). The OTCBB is
a regulated quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last
sale prices and volume information in over-the-counter securities.
The OTCBB is not an issuer listing service, market or exchange.
Although the OTCBB does not have any listing requirements, to be
eligible for quotation on the OTCBB, issuers must remain current in
their filings with the SEC or applicable regulatory authority. If
we are not able to pay the expenses associated with our reporting
obligations we will not be able to apply for quotation on the OTC
Bulletin Board. Market makers are not permitted to begin quotation
of a security whose issuer does not meet this filing requirement.
Securities already quoted on the OTCBB that become delinquent in
their required filings will be removed following a 30 to 60 day
grace period if they do not make their required filing during that
time. We cannot guarantee that our application will be accepted or
approved and our stock listed and quoted for sale. As of the date
of this filing, there have been no discussions or understandings
between LAZEX INC. and anyone acting on our behalf, with any market
maker regarding participation in a future trading market for our
securities. If no market is ever developed for our common stock, it
will be difficult for you to sell any shares you purchase in this
offering. In such a case, you may find that you are unable to
achieve any benefit from your investment or liquidate your shares
without considerable delay, if at all. In addition, if we fail to
have our common stock quoted on a public trading market, your
common stock will not have a quantifiable value and it may be
difficult, if not impossible, to ever resell your shares, resulting
in an inability to realize any value from your
investment.

 

We will
incur ongoing costs and expenses for sec reporting and compliance.
Without revenue we may not be able to remain in compliance, making
it difficult for investors to sell their shares, if at
all.

 

The estimated
cost of this registration statement is $8,000 which will be paid
from offerin gproceeds. If the offering proceeds are less than
registration costs, we will have to utilize funds from Iuliia
Gitelman, our sole officer and director, who has verbally agreed to
loan the company funds to complete the registration process. Ms.
Gitelman’s verbal agreement to provide us loans for
registration costs is non-binding and discretionary. After the
effective date of this prospectus, we will be required to file
annual, quarterly and current reports, or other information with
the SEC as provided by the Securities Exchange Act. We will
voluntarily continue reporting in the absence of an SEC reporting
obligation. We plan to contact a market maker immediately following
the close of the offering and apply to have the shares quoted on
the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board. To be eligible for quotation,
issuers must remain current in their filings with the SEC. In order
for us to remain in compliance we will require future revenues to
cover the cost of these filings, which could comprise a substantial
portion of our available cash resources. The costs associated with
being a publicly traded company in the next 12 month will be
approximately $10,000. If we are unable to generate sufficient
revenues to remain in compliance it may be difficult for you to
resell any shares you may purchase, if at all. Also, if we are not
able to pay the expenses associated with our reporting obligations
we will not be able to apply for quotation on the OTC Bulletin
Board.

 





12 |
Page


 

  

Our
reporting obligations under section 15(d) of the securities
exchange act of 1934, as amended, may be suspended automatically if
we have fewer than 300 shareholders of record on the first day of
our fiscal year.

 

We will not
register our common stock under Section 12(g) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Therefore, we will not be subject to the
Commission’s proxy, tender offer, and short swing insider
trading rules for Section 12 registrants and our obligation to file
reports under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act will be
automatically suspended if, on the first day of any fiscal year
(other than a fiscal year in which a registration statement under
the Securities Act has gone effective), we have fewer than 300
shareholders of record.  This suspension is automatic and
does not require any filing with the SEC.  In such an
event, we would only be required to file an annual report for the
twelve months after this prospectus is declared effective by the
SEC. Accordingly, we may cease providing periodic reports and
current or periodic information, including operational and
financial information, may not be available with respect to our
results of operations.  If our obligation to file reports
under Section 15(d) is suspended it may decrease our common
stock’s liquidity, if any, affecting your ability to resell
our common stock.

 

The
company's investors may suffer future dilution due to issuances of
shares for various considerations in the future.

Our Articles of
Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 75,000,000 shares of
common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of which 5,000,000 shares
are currently issued and outstanding. If we sell the 5,000,000
shares being offered in this offering, we will have 10,000,000
shares issued and outstanding. As discussed in the
“Dilution” section below, the issuance of the shares of
common stock described in this prospectus will result in
substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by
our existing shareholders. The issuance of common stock for future
services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the
effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors,
and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our
common stock.

  

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS

 

This prospectus
contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and
uncertainties. We use words such as “anticipate”,
“believe”, “plan”, “expect”,
“future”, “intend”, and similar expressions
to identify such forward-looking statements. Investors should be
aware that all forward-looking statements contained within this
filing are good faith estimates of management as of the date of
this filing. Our actual results could differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements for many reasons,
including the risks faced by us as described in the “Risk
Factors” section and elsewhere in this prospectus.

 


USE OF
PROCEEDS

 

Our offering is
being made on a self-underwritten and “best-efforts”
basis: no minimum number of shares must be sold in order for the
offering to proceed. The offering price per share is $0.02. The
following table sets forth the uses of proceeds assuming the sale
of 50%, 75% and 100%, respectively, of the securities offered for
sale by the Company. There is no assurance that we will raise the
full $100,000 as anticipated and there is no guarantee that we will
receive any proceeds from the offering.

  




 



 



 



 





Description



If 50%
Shares sold



If 75%
Shares sold



If 100%
Shares sold





 



Fees



Fees



Fees





Gross
proceeds



50,000



75,000



100,000





Offering
expenses



8,000



8,000



8,000





Net
proceeds



42,000



67,000



92,000





SEC reporting
and compliance



10,000



10,000



10,000





Office
Establishing



1,500



2,500



3,000





Obtaining
Equipment



3,000



6,000



10,000





Website
Establishing and Maintenance



6,000



8,000



10,000





Advertising and
Marketing Strategy



17,500



31,500



42,000





Staff
Recruiting



4,000



9,000



17,000




 





13 |
Page


 

  

The above
figures represent only estimated costs. The estimated cost of this
registration statement is $8,000 which will be paid from offering
proceeds. If the offering proceeds are less than registration
costs, Iuliia Gitelman, our president and director, has verbally
agreed to loan the Company funds to complete the registration
process. Ms. Gitelman’s verbal agreement to provide us loans
for registration costs is non- binding and discretionary. Also,
these loans would be necessary if the proceeds from this offering
will not be sufficient to implement our business plan and maintain
reporting status and quotation on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board
when and if our common stocks become eligible for trading on the
Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. Ms. Gitelman will not be paid any
compensation or anything from the proceeds of this offering. There
is no due date for the repayment of the funds advanced by Ms.
Gitelman. Ms. Gitelman will be repaid from revenues of operations
if and when we generate revenues to pay the obligation.

 

DETERMINATION OF OFFERING
PRICE

 

The offering
price of the shares has been determined arbitrarily by us. The
price does not bear any relationship to our assets, book value,
earnings, or other established criteria for valuing a privately
held company. In determining the number of shares to be
offered and the offering price, we took into consideration our cash
on hand and the amount of money we would need to implement our
business plan. Accordingly, the offering price should not be
considered an indication of the actual value of the
securities.

  

DILUTION

 

Dilution
represents the difference between the Offering price and the net
tangible book value per share immediately after completion of this
Offering. Net tangible book value is the amount that results from
subtracting total liabilities and from total assets. Dilution
arises mainly as a result of our arbitrary determination of the
Offering price of the shares being offered. Dilution of the value
of the shares you purchase is also a result of the lower book value
of the shares held by our existing stockholder.

 

The historical
net tangible book value as of July 31, 2016 was $2,166 or
approximately $0.0004 per share. Historical net tangible book value
per share of common stock is equal to our total tangible assets
less total liabilities, divided by the number of shares of common
stock outstanding as of July 31, 2016.

 

The following
table sets forth as of July 31, 2016, the number of shares of
common stock purchased from us and the total consideration paid by
our existing stockholders and by new investors in this offering if
new investors purchase 50%, 75% or 100% of the offering, after
deduction of offering expenses payable by us, assuming a purchase
price in this offering of $0.02 per share of common
stock.

  




 



 



 



 





Percent of
Shares Sold from Maximum Offering Available



50%



75%



100%





Offering
price per share



0.02



0.02



0.02





Post
offering net tangible book value



44,166



69,166



94,166





Post
offering net tangible book value per share



0.0059



0.0079



0.0097





Pre-offering
net tangible book value per share



0.0004



0.0004



0.0004





Increase
(Decrease) in net tangible book value per share after
offering



0.0055



0.0075



0.0090





Dilution per
share



0.0141



0.0121



0.0106





%
dilution



70.5%



60.5%



53%





Capital
contribution by purchasers of shares



50,000



75,000



100,000





Capital
Contribution by existing stockholders



5,000



5,000



5,000





Percentage
capital contributions by purchasers of shares



90.91%



93.75%



95.24%





Percentage
capital contributions by existing stockholders



9.09%



6.25%



4.76%





Gross
offering proceeds



50,000



75,000



100,000





Anticipated
net offering proceeds



42,000



67,000



92,000





Number of
shares after offering held by public investors



2,500,000



3,750,000



5,000,000





Total shares
issued and outstanding



7,500,000



8,750,000



10,000,000





Purchasers
of shares percentage of ownership after offering



33.33%



42.86%



50.00%





Existing
stockholders percentage of ownership after offering



66.67%



57.14%



50.00%




 

 





14 |
Page


 

 
 

MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION

 

You should read
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations together with our consolidated financial
statements and the related notes and other financial information
included elsewhere in this prospectus. Some of the information
contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in
this prospectus, including information with respect to our plans
and strategy for our business and related financing, includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
You should review the “Risk Factors” section of this
prospectus for a discussion of important factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from the results described in
or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the
following discussion and analysis.

 

We qualify as
an “emerging growth company” under the JOBS Act. As a
result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from
certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging
growth company, we will not be required to:

 




 



 



 



 





 



•



 



have an auditor
report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant
to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;




 




 



 



 





•



 



provide an
auditor attestation with respect to management’s report on
the effectiveness ofourinternal controls overfinancial
reporting;




 




 



 



 



 





 



•



 



comply with any
requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a
supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional
information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an
auditor discussion and analysis);




 




 



 



 



 





 



•



 



submit certain
executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such
as “say-on-pay” and “say-on-frequency;”
and




 




 



 



 



 





 



•



 



disclose
certain executive compensation related items such as the
correlation between executive compensation and performance and
comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee
compensation.




 

In addition,
Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth
company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an
emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain
accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to
private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the
benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial
statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies
that comply with such new or revised accounting
standards.

 

We will remain
an “emerging growth company” for up to five years, or
until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in
which our total annual gross revenues is $1 billion, (ii) the date
that we become a “large accelerated filer” as defined
in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which
would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that is held
by non-affiliates is $700 million as of the last business day of
our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (iii) the date
on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible
debt during the preceding three year period.

 

Our cash
balance is $3,080 as of July 31, 2016. We believe our cash
balance is not sufficient to fund our operations for any period of
time. We have been utilizing and may utilize funds from Iuliia
Gitelman, our Chairman and President, who has informally agreed to
advance funds to allow us to pay for offering costs, filing fees,
and professional fees. As of July 31, 2016, Ms. Gitelman has
advanced to us $914. Ms. Gitelman, however, has no formal
commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan
funds to the company. In order to implement our plan of
operations for the next twelve month period, we require a minimum
of $42,000 of funding from this offering. Being a development stage
company, we have very limited operating history we do not currently
have any arrangements for additional financing. Our principal
executive offices are located at 68/29 Husitska st., Zizkov,
Prague, Czech Republic 13000. Our phone number is
775-800-4477.

 





15 |
Page


 

  

We are a
development stage company and have generated no revenue to date.
Our full business plan entails activities described in the Plan of
Operation section below. Long term financing beyond the maximum
aggregate amount of this offering may be required to expand our
business. The exact amount of funding will depend on the scale of
our development and expansion. We do not currently have planned our
expansion, and we have not decided yet on the scale of our
development and expansion and on exact amount of funding needed for
our long term financing. If we do not generate any revenue we may
need a minimum of $10,000 of additional funding at the end of the
twelve month period described in our “Plan of
Operation” below to maintain a reporting status.

 

Our independent
registered public accountant has issued a going concern opinion.
This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as
an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain
additional capital to pay our bills. This is because we have
not generated revenues and no revenues are anticipated until we
complete our initial business development. There is no assurance we
will ever reach that stage.

 

To meet our
need for cash we are attempting to raise money from this offering.
If we are unable to successfully find customers we may quickly use
up the proceeds from this offering and will need to find
alternative sources. At the present time, we have not made any
arrangements to raise additional cash, other than through this
offering.

 

If we need
additional cash and cannot raise it, we will either have to suspend
operations until we do raise the cash, or cease operations
entirely. Even if we raise $100,000 from this offering, we may need
more funds for ongoing business operations after the first year,
and would have to obtain additional funding.

 

PLAN OF
OPERATION

 

We were
incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 12, 2015. We have never
declared bankruptcy, have never been in receivership, and have
never been involved in any legal action or proceedings. Since
incorporation, we have not made any significant purchase or sale of
assets. We are a development stage company that has not generated
any revenue and just recently started our operations. If we are
unable to successfully find clients who desire to use our service,
we may quickly use up the proceeds from this offering.

 

We are the
company at the stage of the development aimed at adult individuals
or groups of adults intending to receive consultation concerning a
trip they are planning to have. Our main function can be described
as to consult customers and help them to arrange the itinerary, by
building a route, which includes breweries in the region of their
choice. We also provide them with information concerning
transportation, the cost of it, how it operates and what are the
best kinds of one to use.

 

We do not
expect to purchase or sell plant or significant equipment. Further
we do not expect significant changes in the number of
employees.

 

Our plan of
operations is as follows:

 

Complete Our
Public Offering

 

We expect to
complete our public offering within 240 days after the
effectiveness of our registration statement by the Securities and
Exchange Commissions. We intend to concentrate our efforts on
raising capital during this period. Our operations will be limited
due to the limited amount of funds on hand. Upon completion of our
public offering, our specific goal is to profitably sell our
services. Our plan of operations following the completion is as
follows.

 





16 |
Page


 

  

Office
Establishing (duration 1 st
-3
rd
month,
approximate cost $1,500-3,000)

 

As we are at
the stage of development, our company’s needs may be
satisfied by obtaining an office spacious enough for the director,
a consultant and some room to accept our customers. To meet this
basic requirements, we need to sell at least 50% of shares. In case
we succeed to sell 75% of shares, we may rent or obtain an office
with better facilities, with separate rooms for the director and
consultants and lounge for guests awaiting. Provided that we
succeed in selling 100% of shares, we could rent or obtain an
office spacious enough for the whole staff, with separate rooms for
accepting the clients, for clients waiting in a line, and for the
staff to have rest.

 

Obtaining
Equipment (duration 3 rd
-5
th
month,
approximate cost $3,000-10,000)

 

At the initial
stage, the company is at now, we do not require require any special
equipment as, in this case, we may only offer tour planning and
consulting. Our basic needs are as follows, at least two computers,
an MFU (multifunctional scanning and printing unit), a mobile
smartphone with messengers installed, a landline phone, a Wi-Fi
router to connect to the Internet. If we sell at least 50% of
shares, we may be able to obtain the equipment mentioned above. As
we expect to establish a website to attract customers worldwide, we
may be able to rent or purchase a server to store website data and
in-application data. As we expect business to grow, we might need
additional data storage for the server. To complete this stage, we
need to sell at least 75% of shares. For far better operation we
need to sell 100% of shares to purchase video and photo equipment
which we expect to use in shooting during the tours, if the clients
wish so. All the footage can be used either as merchandise - video
and photo memories (mounted on CDs) or in advertising production
(needed for successful marketing campaign). With the money gained
we also can purchase touristic gear which our customers might rent
and use later on the tours. We might obtain a minibus (or a van) to
carry people, who order the same group tour. For the travellers who
prefer touring on their own, we might purchase vehicles to be
rented from us. The vehicles mentioned above can also be used in
marketing campaign as we plan to place our logos and contacts on
the visible parts of the transport.

 

Staff
Recruiting (duration 8 st
-12
th
month,
approximate cost $4,000-17,000)

 

Our primary
services are consulting of individuals, so our company requires
additional personnel only as it grows. At the initial stage, we
expect that most of the jobs are due to be executed by our
director. In this case we need to sell only 50% of shares. In case
of group tours the director might offer services of a guide for
additional payment. We plan to hire a third party to design a
landing page, as well as to host it and maintain it. In case the
company sell 75% of shares we might afford to hire freelance tour
guides to deal with group tours, hire freelance IT engineer to
maintain the website and the server we plan to rent. For operation
of higher standard, we need to sell 100% of shares. Provided if we
succeed, we plan to hire tour guides on a regular basis; hire
technicians to maintain the website, the server, the mobile
application; hire a PR manager, an event manager.

 

Website
Establishment and Maintenance (duration 3
rd-
9
th
month,
approximate cost $6,000-10,000)

 

We plan to
establish a website of our own in order to attract customers from
across the world and to improve our brand awareness. On our web
pages we plan to provide important information regarding our
regular and additional services. In case if we succeed in selling
only 50% of shares we may find money only to establish a landing
page with full-description of the business and our contacts. The
price includes design and hosting of the page on a rented server.
This money also can be used to set up a webpage on social platforms
and maintain it. For better optimization we need to sell 75% of
shares which can let us, additionally, hire a freelance content
writer to fill the social pages with actual content and interact
with customers - which we expect can help to receive a positive
brand image. For the desired performance we need to sell 100% of
shares in order to establish a fully-functional website with actual
content posts, with a blog of our own, a video gallery, guestbook,
an actual schedule of events and feedback. We intend to employ the
functions which we find useful, such as an automatic event informer
for our regular customers or subscribers, and an automatic reminder
to send automatically generated no-reply messages that customers
wanted to visit an event, or needed to pay for some services as
soon as possible.

 





17 |
Page


 

  

Advertising
and Marketing Strategy (duration 1 st
-12
th
month,
approximate cost $17,500-42,000)

 

At the current
stage we might start our marketing campaign if we manage to sell
50% of shares. A part of the estimated sum seems sufficient to pay
for web banners to be placed on different Internet media closely
related to tourism, touristic services, and beer production or
retailing.  Another part of the sum looks sufficient for
establishing a web pages on social platforms and for paid targeted
promotion, in order to attract potential customers. We don’t
expect immediate audience response in this case, because targeted
users may stay offline or disregard the information, and our
advertisements may not be noticed.

In order to
embrace larger audience and promote among subscribers and their
followers on the social media by paying for the promotional posts
and ordering content from freelance writers. We also may invest in
YouTube videos production, as well as posting pop banners on
YouTube videos. We also plan to try investing part of advertising
budget in printing catalogues with tours description, prices,
services description, actual photos from the tours we delivered and
customers’ feedback. We plan to promote this printed
catalogues via pubs and bars we intend to partner up with, and via
other drinking establishments if we manage to make agreements with
them. To complete this part of the campaign as planned we need to
sell at least 75% of shares.

In order to
perform in the most successful way we need to sell 100% of shares.
We expect this money can be sufficient to get promoted to the top
enquiries of Google, Yandex and Bing search engines. We expect this
to be the result of improving our SEO (Search Engine Optimization).
We also intend to target our potential customers with Google Ads -
an engine of targeted advertising. Additionally, we may edit videos
filmed during the trips into video promos for the web site and
YouTube, as well as other streaming video services. As our business
relates to touristic services we intend to be listed on websites
providing information for tourists, such as TripAdvisor.

We may try
constructing interactive web maps for our website, where users may
find information related to breweries, beer production and beer
consumption, as well as we may tweak them to be personalized -
customers will be able mark places they visited and leave their
feedback. We may collect those data, compare them and depending on
the results we may think of offering free tours for ‘beer
geeks’ - customers who have covered longer distances during
the tours, or customers who tasted the most sorts or brands of
beers and so on.  

  

Estimated
Expenses for the Next Twelve Month Period

 

The following
provides an overview of our estimated expenses to fund our plan of
operation over the next twelve months.

 




 



 



 



 





Description



If 50%
Shares sold



If 75%
Shares sold



If 100%
Shares sold





 



Fees



Fees



Fees





Gross
proceeds



50,000



75,000



100,000





Offering
expenses



8,000



8,000



8,000





Net
proceeds



42,000



67,000



92,000





SEC reporting
and compliance



10,000



10,000



10,000





Office
Establishing



1,500



2,500



3,000





Obtaining
Equipment



3,000



6,000



10,000





Website
Establishing and Maintenance



6,000



8,000



10,000





Advertising and
Marketing Strategy



17,500



31,500



42,000





Staff
Recruiting



4,000



9,000



17,000




 





18 |
Page


 

  

 

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

 

We have no
off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely
to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources.

 

LIMITED
OPERATING HISTORY; NEED FOR ADDITIONAL CAPITAL

 

There is no
historical financial information about us upon which to base an
evaluation of our performance. We are in the start-up stage of
operations and have not generated any revenues. We cannot guarantee
we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is
subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business
enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost
overruns due to price and cost increases in services and
products.

We have no
assurance that future financing will be available to us on
acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory
terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or expand our
operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to
existing shareholder.

 

Results of
operations

 

From
Inception on July 12, 2015 to July 31, 2016

 

During the
period we incorporated the company, prepared a business plan. Our
loss since inception is $2,834. We have just recently started our
business operations, however, will not start significant operations
until we have completed this offering.

 


LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

 

As of July 31,
2016, the Company had $3,080 cash and our liabilities were $914,
comprising $914 owed to Iuliia Gitelman, our sole officer and
director. The available capital reserves of the Company are not
sufficient for the Company to remain operational. We require
minimum funding of approximately $42,000 to conduct our proposed
operations and pay all expenses for a minimum period of one year
including expenses associated with this offering and maintaining a
reporting status with the SEC.

 

Since
inception, we have sold 5,000,000 shares of common stocks to our
sole officer and director, at a price of $0.001 per share, for net
proceeds of $5,000.

 

We are
attempting to raise funds to proceed with our plan of operations.
We will have to utilize funds from Iuliia Gitelman, our sole
officer and director, who has verbally agreed to loan the company
funds to complete the registration process if offering proceeds are
less than registration costs. However, Ms. Gitelman has no formal
commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan
funds to the company. Ms. Gitelman’s verbal agreement to
provideus loans forregistration costsis non- bindingand
discretionary. To proceed with our operations within 12 months, we
need a minimum of $42,000. We cannot guarantee that we will be able
to sell all the shares required to satisfy our 12 month financial
requirements. If we are successful, any money raised will be
applied to the items set forth in the Use of Proceeds section of
this prospectus. We will attempt to raise at least the minimum
funds necessary to proceed with our plan of operations. In the
long term we may need additional financing. We do not
currently have any arrangements for additional financing. Obtaining
additional funding will be subject to a number of factors,
including general market conditions, investor acceptance of our
business plan and initial results from our business operations.
These factors may impact the timing, amount, terms or conditions of
additional financing available to us. There is no assurance that
any additional financing will be available or if available, on
terms that will be acceptable to us.





19 |
Page


 

  

 

Our auditors
have issued a “going concern” opinion, meaning that
there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going
business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional
capital. No substantial revenues are anticipated until we have
completed the financing from this offering and implemented our plan
of operations. Our only source for cash at this time is investments
by others in this offering. We must raise cash to implement our
strategy and stay in business. The amount of the offering will
likely allow us to operate for at least one year and have the
capital resources required to cover the material costs with
becoming a publicly reporting. The Company anticipates over the
next 12 months the cost of being a reporting public company will be
approximately $10,000. 

 

The Company
will have to meet all the financial disclosure and reporting
requirements associated with being a publicly reporting company.
The Company’s management will have to spend additional time
on policies and procedures to make sure it is compliant with
various regulatory requirements, especially that of Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This additional corporate
governance time required of management could limit the amount of
time management has to implement is business plan and impede the
speed of its operations.

 

Should the
Company fail to raisea minimum of $42,000 under this offering the
Company would be forced to scale back or abandon the implementation
of its twelve month plan of operations.

 

  

DESCRIPTION
OF BUSINESS

 

We are the
company at the stage of the development aimed at adult individuals
or groups of adults intending to receive consultation concerning
trips they are planning to have. Our main function can be described
as to consult customers and help them to arrange the itinerary, by
building a route, which includes breweries in the region of their
choice. We also plan to provide them with information concerning
transportation, the cost of it and how it operates. Whenever
needed, we may provide additional services on orientation, for
instance, provide information concerning medical facilities, food
stores, car repairs or additional entertainments, transportation
and ways of using it in the cases mentioned above.

We plan to
provide information on accommodation suitable for them in terms of
prices and location. We also may alter the route of the itinerary
depending on the longevity of the desired tour and the money our
customers expect to spend. Expecting our customers to face
difficulties in negotiating with locals, we may offer to provide
assistance in either negotiating or provide the service of an
interpreter. For instance, if clients accept it, we negotiate
booking of apartments, details of car rental on behalf of our
customers and in their interest, or we expect to be at service in
any other case when customers might need assistance in negotiating.
We expect the customers to contact us via our website application
form, email or messengers. We generate a route based on the
following criteria listed in an application form: 1) regions the
customers would like to visit 2) period of their stay in the
country 3) amount of money they expect to spend on a
tour.

At the current
stage of development, we plan to pay attention to local craft
breweries, bars and pubs. As business develops, further, we expect
to continue working with worldwide famous craft
breweries.

 

Our general
offer is as follows,

1) assist in
planning the itinerary around old and famous Chez breweries, as
well as newly established breweries, and their museums, if there
are any.

2) assist in
arranging tours around famous pubs and bars,(based on agreement
between the company and the pubs)

3) offer
additional entertainment: additional tours to famous tourist
attractions.

 

A sample
package may include: drinks samples tasting at a brewery combined
with an informational tour concerning brewery production and
technologies; or drinks and food or snacks samples tasting at a bar
or a pub; a package tour devoted to a single sort of beer, for
instance IPA (Indian Pale Ale), to production technologies of it in
different regions paired with sample tasting. As business develops
we may include other various activities in packages, add or remove
them, depending on how demanded they are.

 

As business may
expand onto related markets and may grow, we may decide to alter
our offers to the needs of our customers, or if we find it
efficient and effective.

 





20 |
Page


 

  

Advertising
and Marketing Strategy

 

We plan to use
Internet promotion as our main marketing strategy. In order to
embrace larger audience and promote among subscribers and their
followers on the social media by paying for the promotional posts
and ordering content from freelance writers. We also may invest in
YouTube videos production, as well as posting pop banners on
YouTube videos. We also plan to investing part of advertising
budget in printing catalogues with tours description, prices,
services description, actual photos from the tours we delivered and
customers’ feedback. We plan to promote this printed
catalogues via pubs and bars we intend to partner up with, and via
other drinking establishments if we manage to make agreements with
them. We plan to promote our service on the top enquiries of
Google, Yahoo and Bing search engines. We expect this to be the
result of improving our SEO (Search Engine Optimization). We also
intend to target our potential customers with Google Ads - an
engine of targeted advertising. Additionally, we may edit videos
filmed during the trips into video promos for the web site and
YouTube, as well as other streaming video services. As our business
relates to touristic services we intend to be listed on websites
providing information for tourists, such as TripAdvisor. We may try
constructing interactive web maps for our website, where users may
find information related to breweries, beer production and beer
consumption, as well as we may tweak them to be personalized -
customers will be able mark places they visited and leave their
feedback. We may collect those data, compare them and depending on
the results we may think of offering free tours for ‘beer
geeks’ - customers who have covered longer distances during
the tours, or customers who tasted the most sorts or brands of
beers and so on.  

 

Revenue

 

We expect to
receive revenues from the directly from customers, for the services
they purchase. We also intend to charge craft breweries which wish
to be placed onto a tour map both printed or interactive. If we
make agreements with pubs and bars to bring our customers to those
establishments for food sample tasting and drinks sample tasting -
we plan to receive a fee as determined by the agreement. As we
expect our business to grow, we plan to sell merchandise with our
logo placed on the items of merchandise and to sell advertising
slots on the website.

 

Competitive
comparison

 

We see
narrowing down to a specific sort of a tourism as our competitive
advantage on the market of touristic services. This tourism
doesn’t require any physical skills, so it can attract a
large audience, but it is only suitable for ages 21 and over. As we
don’t sell tours to remote or wild areas, this sort of
tourism doesn’t imply any sort of dangers, except for over
abuse of alcohol.

 

Insurance

 

We do not
maintain any insurance and do not intend to maintain insurance in
the future. Because we do not have any insurance, if we are made a
party of a products liability action, we may not have sufficient
funds to defend the litigation. If that occurs a judgment could be
rendered against us that could cause us to cease
operations.

 

Employees;
Identification of Certain Significant Employees.

 

We are a
development stage company and currently have one employee - Iuliia
Gitelman, our sole officer and director. We intend to hire
employees on an as needed basis.

 

Offices

 

Our business
office is located at 68/29 Husitska st., Zizkov, Prague, Czech
Republic 13000. This is the office provided by our President and
Director, Iuliia Gitelman. We do not pay any rent to Ms. Gitelman
and there is no agreement to pay any rent in the future. Our
telephone number is 775-800-4477.





21 |
Page


 

  

Government
Regulation

 

We will be
required to comply with all regulations, rules, and directives of
governmental authorities and agencies applicable to our business in
any jurisdiction which we would conduct activities. We do not
believe that regulation will have a material impact on the way we
conduct our business.

  

LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS

 

During the past
ten years, none of the following occurred with respect to the
President of the Company: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or
against any business of which such person was a general partner or
executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within
two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal
proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding
(excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being
subject to any order,judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated, of any court of any competent
jurisdiction,permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring,
suspending or otherwise limiting her involvement in any type
ofbusiness,securitiesor banking activities; and (4) being found by
a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action),the SEC or
the commoditiesfutures trading commission to have violated a
federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment
has not been reversed, suspended or vacated.

 

We are not
currently a party to any legal proceedings, and we are not aware of
any pending or potential legal actions.

  

DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTER AND CONTROL PERSONS

The name, age
and titles of our executive officer and director are as
follows:

 




 



 



 





Name and
Address of Executive

  Officer and/or
Director



Age



Position





Iuliia
Gitelman

68/29 Husitska
st., Zizkov, Prague, Czech Republic 13000



32



President,
Treasurer, Secretary and Director

(Principal
Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)




 

Iuliia
Gitelman has acted as our President,
Treasurer, Secretary and sole Director since we incorporated on
July 12, 2015. Ms. Gitelman owns 100% of the outstanding shares of
our common stock. As such, it was unilaterally decided that
Ms. Gitelman was going to be our sole President, Chief Executive
Officer, Treasurer, and Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting
Officer, Secretary and sole member of our board of directors. We
expect our director Iuliia Gitelman to successfully execute her
duties on the account of professional education in tourism. She
graduated from The Institute of Hospitality Management in Prague
(Czech Repulic), in 2005, where she had managed to receive
professional knowledge and enlarge it while studying the Master's
program course in the same university from 2006 to 2008. Later, in
2009 she received MBA in Hospitality and tourism in The New
European College (NEC), in Munich, Germany. As she successfully
advanced in her career paired with training for MBA, we expect that
Ms. Gitelman’s specific experience, qualifications,
attributes and skills can lead our company to an advanced
level.

 





22 |
Page


 

  

During the past
ten years, Ms. Gitelman has not been the subject to any of the
following events:

 

1.

Any bankruptcy
petition filed by or against any business of which Ms. Gitelman was
a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the
bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time.

2.

Any conviction
in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal
proceeding.

3.

An order,
judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or
vacated, or any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or
temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting
Ms. Gitelman’s involvement in any type of business,
securities or banking activities.

4.

Found by a
court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities
and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Future Trading Commission
to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law,
and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or
vacated.            

5.

Was the subject
of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring,
suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right to
engage in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this
section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such
activity;

6.

Was found by a
court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the
Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law,
and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission
has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or
vacated;

7.

Was the subject
of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative
order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation
of:

i.

Any Federal or
State securities or commodities law or regulation; or

ii.

Any law or
regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies
including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction,
order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or
temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or
prohibition order; or

iii.

Any law or
regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection
with any business entity; or

1.

Was the subject
of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
(as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.
78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29)
of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any
equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has
disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with
a member.

 

TERM OF
OFFICE

 

Our Director is
appointed to hold office until the next annual meeting of our
stockholders or until her respective successor is elected and
qualified, or until she resigns or is removed in accordance with
the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statues. Our officers are
appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until removed
by the Board or until their resignation.

 

DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE

 

Our Board of
Directors is currently composed of one member, Iuliia Gitelman, who
does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the
published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The
NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective
tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at
least three years, one of our employees and that neither the
director, nor any of her family members has engaged in various
types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of
directors has not made a subjective determination as to each
director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our
board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of
independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a
director, though such subjective determination is required by the
NASDAQ rules. Had our Board of Directors made these determinations,
our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed
information provided by the directors and us with regard to each
director’s business and personal activities and relationships
as they may relate to us and our management.

 





23 |
Page


 

  

COMMITTEES
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

 

Our Board of
Directors has no committees. We do not have a standing nominating,
compensation or audit committee.

  

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION

 

MANAGEMENT
COMPENSATION

 

The following
tables set forth certain information about compensation paid,
earned or accrued for services by our Executive Officer from
inception on July 12, 2015 until July 31, 2016:

  

Summary
Compensation Table

 




 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Name and

Principal

Position



Period



Salary

($)



Bonus

($)



Stock

Awards

($)



Option

Awards

($)



Non-Equity

Incentive Plan

Compensation

($)



All Other

Compensation

($)



All Other

Compensation

($)



Total

($)





Iuliia
Gitelman, President, Secretary and Treasurer



July 12,
2015 to July 31, 2016



 

-0-



 

-0-



 

-0-



 

-0-



 

-0-



 

-0-



 

-0-



 

-0-




 

There are no
current employment agreements between the Company and its
Officer.

 

Ms. Gitelman
currently devotes approximately twenty hours per week to manage the
affairs of the Company. She has agreed to work with no remuneration
until such time as the company receives sufficient revenues
necessary to provide management salaries. At this time, we
cannot accurately estimate when sufficient revenues will occur to
implement this compensation, or what the amount of the compensation
will be.

 

There are no
annuity, pension or retirement benefits proposed to be paid to the
officer or director or employees in the event of retirement at
normal retirement date pursuant to any presently existing plan
provided or contributed to by the company or any of its
subsidiaries, if any.

  

Director
Compensation

 

The following
table sets forth director compensation for the period From
Inception (July 12, 2015) to July 31, 2016:

  




 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Name



Fees Earned
or Paid in Cash ($)



Stock Awards
($)



Option
Awards ($)



Non-Equity
Incentive Plan Compensation ($)



Nonqualified
Deferred Compensation Earnings



All Other Compensation
($)



Total
($)





Iuliia
Gitelman



-0-



-0-



-0-



-0-



-0-



-0-



-0-




 





24 |
Page


 

  

  

CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

 

Iuliia Gitelman
will not be paid for any underwriting services that she performs on
our behalf with respect

to this
offering.

 

Other than Ms.
Gitelman’ purchase of founders shares from the Company as
stated below, there is nothing of value (including money, property,
contracts, options or rights of any kind), received or to be
received, by Ms. Gitelman, directly or indirectly, from the
Company.

 

On April 29,
2016, we issued a total of 5,000,000 shares of restricted common
stock to Iuliia Gitelman, our sole officer and director in
consideration of $5,000. Further, Ms. Gitelman has advanced funds
to us. As of July 31, 2016, Ms. Gitelman has advanced to us $914.
Ms. Gitelman will not be repaid from the proceeds of this offering.
There is no due date for the repayment of the funds advanced by Ms.
Gitelman. Ms. Gitelman will be repaid from revenues of operations
if and when we generate revenues to pay the obligation. There is no
assurance that we will ever generate revenues from our operations.
The obligation to Ms. Gitelman does not bear interest. There is no
written agreement evidencing the advancement of funds by Ms.
Gitelman or the repayment of the funds to Ms. Gitelman. The entire
transaction was oral. Ms. Gitelman is providing us office space
free of charge and we have a verbal agreement with Ms. Gitelman
that, if necessary, she will loan the company funds to complete the
registration process.

</</p>


 








 
















Lasix: Uses, Dosage & Side Effects - Drugs.com




































Skip to Content












Search:



All

AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products 










Browse all medications:

a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z


Advanced Search






Topics & Tools





Facebook 
Twitter 
Google Plus 






Sign In


Sign In
Register







Menu










 



Home › Conditions › Edema › Lasix



Print
 Share






Lasix 



 
Pronunciation
Generic Name: furosemide (fur OH se mide)Brand Names: Lasix, Diaqua-2, Lo-Aqua



Overview
Side Effects
Dosage
Interactions
Patient Tips
Professional

More

Pregnancy Warnings
Breastfeeding Warnings
User Reviews
Drug Images
Support Group Q & A
Pricing & Coupons



What is Lasix?



Lasix (furosemide) is a loop diuretic (water pill) that prevents your body from absorbing too much salt. This allows the salt to instead be passed in your urine.
Lasix is used to treat fluid retention (edema) in people with congestive heart failure, liver disease, or a kidney disorder such as nephrotic syndrome.
Lasix is also used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension).
Important information
You should not use Lasix if you are unable to urinate.
Do not take more Lasix than your recommended dose. High doses of furosemide may cause irreversible hearing loss.
Before using Lasix, tell your doctor if you have kidney disease, enlarged prostate, urination problems, cirrhosis or other liver disease, an electrolyte imbalance, high cholesterol, gout, lupus, diabetes, or an allergy to sulfa drugs.








Slideshow

	  		FDA-Approved Weight Loss Drugs: Can They Help You?



Tell your doctor if you have recently had an MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) or any type of scan using a radioactive dye that is injected into your veins. Do not take more of this medication than is recommended. High doses of furosemide may cause irreversible hearing loss. If you are being treated for high blood pressure, keep using this medication even if you feel fine. High blood pressure often has no symptoms.
Before taking this medicine
You should not use Lasix if you are allergic to furosemide, or:


if you are unable to urinate.


To make sure Lasix is safe for you, tell your doctor if you have:


kidney disease;


enlarged prostate, bladder obstruction or other urination problems;


cirrhosiss or other liver disease;


an electrolyte imbalance (such as low levels of potassium or magnesium in your blood);


high cholesterol or triglycerides (a type of fat in the blood);


gout;


lupus;


diabetes; or


sulfa drug allergy.


Tell your doctor if you have an MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) or any type of scan using a radioactive dye that is injected into your veins. Both contrast dyes and furosemide can harm your kidneys.
It is not known whether Lasix will harm an unborn baby. Tell your doctor if you are pregnant or plan to become pregnant while using this medicine.
Furosemide can pass into breast milk and may harm a nursing baby. This medicine may also slow breast milk production. Tell your doctor if you are breast-feeding a baby.

How should I take Lasix?
Take Lasix exactly as prescribed by your doctor. Follow all directions on your prescription label. Your doctor may occasionally change your dose to make sure you get the best results. Do not use this medicine in larger or smaller amounts or for longer than recommended.
Do not take more than your recommended dose. High doses of furosemide may cause irreversible hearing loss.
Measure liquid medicine with the dosing syringe provided, or with a special dose-measuring spoon or medicine cup. If you do not have a dose-measuring device, ask your pharmacist for one.
Lasix will make you urinate more often and you may get dehydrated easily. Follow your doctor's instructions about using potassium supplements or getting enough salt and potassium in your diet.
While using Lasix, you may need frequent blood tests.
Keep using this medicine as directed, even if you feel well. High blood pressure often has no symptoms. You may need to use blood pressure medicine for the rest of your life.
If you need surgery, tell the surgeon ahead of time that you are using Lasix.
Store at room temperature away from moisture, heat, and light. Throw away any Lasix oral solution (liquid) 90 days after opening the bottle, even if it still contains unused medicine.
See also: Dosage Information (in more detail)What happens if I miss a dose?
Lasix is sometimes used only once, so you may not be on a dosing schedule. If you are using the medication regularly, take the missed dose as soon as you remember. Skip the missed dose if it is almost time for your next scheduled dose. Do not take extra medicine to make up the missed dose.
What happens if I overdose?
Seek emergency medical attention or call the Poison Help line at 1-800-222-1222.
Overdose symptoms may include feeling very thirsty or hot, heavy sweating, hot and dry skin, extreme weakness, or fainting.
What should I avoid while taking Lasix?
If you also take sucralfate, take it at least 2 hours before or after you take furosemide.
Avoid getting up too fast from a sitting or lying position, or you may feel dizzy. Get up slowly and steady yourself to prevent a fall.
Avoid becoming dehydrated. Follow your doctor's instructions about the type and amount of liquids you should drink while you are taking Lasix.
Drinking alcohol with this medicine can cause side effects.


What are the possible side effects of Lasix
Get emergency medical help if you have signs of an allergic reaction to Lasix: hives; difficulty breathing; swelling of your face, lips, tongue, or throat.
Call your doctor at once if you have:


ringing in your ears, hearing loss;


confusion, drowsiness, problems with memory or speech;


jaundice (dark urine, yellowing of the skin or eyes);


severe pain in your upper stomach spreading to your back;


nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, sweet or musty breath odor;


pale skin, easy bruising or bleeding;


sudden weakness or ill feeling, fever, chills, sore throat;


signs of an electrolyte imbalance - dry mouth, increased thirst, mood changes, muscle pain or weakness, lack of energy, fast heartbeats, little or no urination;


kidney problems - little or no urination, painful or difficult urination, swelling in your feet or ankles, feeling tired or short of breath; or


severe skin reaction - fever, sore throat, swelling in your face or tongue, burning in your eyes, skin pain followed by a red or purple skin rash that spreads (especially in the face or upper body) and causes blistering and peeling.


Common Lasix side effects may include:


numbness or tingling;


headache, dizziness; or


blurred vision.


This is not a complete list of side effects and others may occur. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088.
See also: Side effects (in more detail)What other drugs will affect Lasix?
Taking this medicine with alcohol or with other drugs that make you sleepy can worsen this effect. Ask your doctor before taking Lasix with a sleeping pill, narcotic pain medicine, muscle relaxer, or medicine for anxiety, depression, or seizures.
Furosemide can harm your kidneys. This effect is increased when you also use certain other medicines, including: antivirals, chemotherapy, injected antibiotics, medicine for bowel disorders, medicine to prevent organ transplant rejection, injectable osteoporosis medication, and some pain or arthritis medicines (including aspirin, Tylenol, Advil, and Aleve).
Tell your doctor about all your current medicines and any you start or stop using, especially:


chloral hydrate;


digoxin, digitalis;


lithium;


phenytoin; or


heart or blood pressure medicine.


This list is not complete. Other drugs may interact with furosemide, including prescription and over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, and herbal products. Not all possible interactions are listed in this medication guide.
Next → Side Effects



Share on GooglePlus
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Print this page
Email to a friend
 Add to My Med List


More about Lasix (furosemide)

Side Effects
During Pregnancy or 
Breastfeeding
Dosage Information
Drug Images
Drug Interactions
Support Group
Pricing & Coupons
En Español
29 Reviews – 
Add your own review/rating
Generic Availability
Drug class: loop diuretics

Consumer resources

Lasix
Lasix (Advanced Reading)
Lasix Injection (Advanced Reading)

Professional resources

Lasix (AHFS Monograph)
Lasix (FDA)

Related treatment guides

Edema
Heart Failure
High Blood Pressure
Ascites
More... (6)



Where can I get more information?

Your pharmacist can provide more information about Lasix.


Remember, keep this and all other medicines out of the reach of children, never share your medicines with others, and use Lasix only for the indication prescribed.
Disclaimer: Every effort has been made to ensure that the information provided by Cerner Multum, Inc. ('Multum') is accurate, up-to-date, and complete, but no guarantee is made to that effect. Drug information contained herein may be time sensitive. Multum information has been compiled for use by healthcare practitioners and consumers in the United States and therefore Multum does not warrant that uses outside of the United States are appropriate, unless specifically indicated otherwise. Multum's drug information does not endorse drugs, diagnose patients or recommend therapy. Multum's drug information is an informational resource designed to assist licensed healthcare practitioners in caring for their patients and/or to serve consumers viewing this service as a supplement to, and not a substitute for, the expertise, skill, knowledge and judgment of healthcare practitioners. The absence of a warning for a given drug or drug combination in no way should be construed to indicate that the drug or drug combination is safe, effective or appropriate for any given patient. Multum does not assume any responsibility for any aspect of healthcare administered with the aid of information Multum provides. The information contained herein is not intended to cover all possible uses, directions, precautions, warnings, drug interactions, allergic reactions, or adverse effects. If you have questions about the drugs you are taking, check with your doctor, nurse or pharmacist.

Copyright 1996-2017 Cerner Multum, Inc. Version: 14.01. Revision Date: 2016-05-12, 8:54:39 AM.





Drug Status



Availability Rx Prescription only



Pregnancy Category C Risk cannot be ruled out




CSA Schedule N Not a controlled drug




Approval History 10+ years  FDA approved 1966




WADA Class WADA Anti-Doping Classification





Close












Drug Class


Loop diuretics



Related Drugs


Edema hydrochlorothiazide, furosemide, spironolactone, triamterene, chlorthalidone, torsemide, More...Heart Failure amlodipine, lisinopril, furosemide, carvedilol, metoprolol, diltiazem, More...Ascites furosemide, triamterene, torsemide, bumetanide, Bumex, Demadex, More...High Blood Pressure amlodipine, lisinopril, hydrochlorothiazide, losartan, furosemide, metoprolol, More...6 more conditions... 



Lasix Rating



29 User Reviews


                  7.6/10







29 User Reviews




 
 
 

 7.6 Rate it! 





Lasix Images




Lasix 20 mg (LASIX® )






View all 6 images
View all 6 images






Related News and Articles




A Reminder That Meds and Grapefruit Don't Always Mix
July 23, 2017


Targeting 9 Risk Factors Could Prevent 1 in 3 Dementia Cases: Study
July 20, 2017


Healthy Heart in 20s, Better Brain in 40s?
July 19, 2017










Related: Edema 





Related: Edema 














Drugs.com Mobile Apps
The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices.
Explore Apps











Support

Help Center
Frequent Questions
Sitemap
Contact Us



About

About Drugs.com
Advertising Policy
Content Submissions
Drugs.com Blog



Terms & Privacy

Editorial Policy
Privacy Policy

Terms of Use
Attribution & Citations





Facebook 
Twitter 
Google Plus 
YouTube 
RSS Feed 


Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published.




Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated July 5th, 2017), Cerner Multum™ (updated July 13th, 2017), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated July 5th, 2017) and  others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy.








Third Party Advertising


We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here


Copyright © 2000-2017 Drugs.com. All rights reserved.









Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on GooglePlus
Email to a friend

Hide
























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















Electric Fans – From Air Circulators to Personal, Tower & House Fans | Lasko Products, Inc.









































































Google+
Facebook
Youtube



















Home
Products

Air Purifiers
Fans

Air Circulators
Blower Fans
Box Fans
Desktop & Table Fans
High Velocity Fans
Pedestal Fans
Outdoor Living Fans
Personal Fans
Tower Fans
Wall Mount Fans
Window Fans


Heaters

Ceramic Heaters
Ceramic Pedestal Heaters
Ceramic Room Heaters
Ceramic Tower Heaters
Ceramic Utility Heaters
Fan Forced Heaters
Low-Profile Heaters
Infrared-Quartz Heaters


Bladeless Technology
Stanley Fans and Heaters
Outdoor Living
Humidifiers
Other Great Products


Info Center

CAREERS
FAQ’s
Product Registration
Warranty
Parts and Accessories
User Manuals
Recall Information
Contact Us
Intellectual Property

























Fans








Electric Fans for Around the Home
Lasko fans come in a variety of styles that are sure to meet your needs. Whether it’s moving air through a big room or cooling you off in the hot summer, Lasko’s safe and reliable products get the job done right. Browse our collection of tower fans, window fans, pedestal fans- all types of fans for home- to find the one that’s right for you.










	Air Circulators	










	Blower Fans	










	Box Fans	










	Desktop & Table Fans	










	High Velocity Fans	










	Outdoor Living Fans	










	Pedestal Fans	










	Personal Fans	










	Tower Fans	










	Wall Mount Fans	










	Window Fans	















About Us
Contact Us
Press Room
Social Responsibility
 



Careers
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Product Registration
 



 
 



   
 







							Copyright Lasko Products, LLC                        




















				MENU							



 

Home
Products

Air Purifiers
Fans

Air Circulators
Blower Fans
Box Fans
Desktop & Table Fans
High Velocity Fans
Pedestal Fans
Outdoor Living Fans
Personal Fans
Tower Fans
Wall Mount Fans
Window Fans


Heaters

Ceramic Heaters
Ceramic Pedestal Heaters
Ceramic Room Heaters
Ceramic Tower Heaters
Ceramic Utility Heaters
Fan Forced Heaters
Low-Profile Heaters
Infrared-Quartz Heaters


Bladeless Technology
Stanley Fans and Heaters
Outdoor Living
Humidifiers
Other Great Products


Info Center

CAREERS
FAQ’s
Product Registration
Warranty
Parts and Accessories
User Manuals
Recall Information
Contact Us
Intellectual Property





﻿


LasX Industries | Industrial Laser Machines, Materials Processing Solutions & Contract Manufacturing Services














Lasers
Services
Company
Contact
















Laser experts
LasX works closely with our customers to develop intelligent laser materials processing solutions.









Laser experts
LasX's ISO-certified contract services manufactures your products with innovative laser processing workcells.









Laser experts
LasX designs, manufactures and installs complete laser system solutions built to specification.









Laser experts
Optimize your existing workflow with LasX's patented laser technology and control software.












LasX is committed to revolutionizing manufacturing.




Find the laser experts
Come visit LasX at the AACC Scientific Annual Meeting (Jul 30-Aug 3, San Diego CA, Booth 2814) to learn more about our years of experience in personalized manufacturing.
Learn more





Optimize your production
Get in touch with a LasX representative at 1 (651) 407-0011 to explore all of our intelligent laser processing solutions for manufacturing innovation.
Learn more





Join the LasX team
Are you ready to grow your career? Join the LasX team. We're looking for good people who can solve problems and create value in a collaborative tech-driven environment.
Learn more








Call the laser experts  +1 651 407 0011











About
Lasers
Manufacturing
News
Jobs
Help & Contact


© 2017 LasX Industries Inc. All rights reserved.


















