





How Successful Leaders Think






























































2/3 Free Articles leftRemaining 



Register for more

 | 


Subscribe + Save!















MENU

 





 













SUGGESTED TOPICS








 

 


Subscribe



  Hi, 




Sign In
Register






Items added to cart

Your Shopping Cart is empty.
Visit our store




 









MY LIBRARY
TOPIC FEEDS
PURCHASES
ACTIVITY
ACCOUNT SETTINGS
EMAIL PREFERENCES
LOG OUT










SUGGESTED TOPICS
































										Loading...
									





Leadership

How Successful Leaders Think


Roger L. Martin


From the June 2007 Issue
					









 SUMMARY FULL TEXT
 SAVE
 SHARE
COMMENT
 TEXT SIZE
 PRINT
 PDF
8.95 BUY COPIES





















View more from the

June 2007 Issue






Explore the Archive












										Loading...
									





Executive Summary
Reprint: R0706C
In search of lessons to apply in our own careers, we often try to emulate what effective leaders do. Roger Martin says this focus is misplaced, because moves that work in one context may make little sense in another. A more productive, though more difficult, approach is to look at how such leaders think. After extensive interviews with more than 50 of them, the author discovered that most are integrative thinkers—that is, they can hold in their heads two opposing ideas at once and then come up with a new idea that contains elements of each but is superior to both.
Martin argues that this process of consideration and synthesis (rather than superior strategy or faultless execution) is the hallmark of exceptional businesses and the people who run them. To support his point, he examines how integrative thinkers approach the four stages of decision making to craft superior solutions. First, when determining which features of a problem are salient, they go beyond those that are obviously relevant. Second, they consider multidirectional and nonlinear relationships, not just linear ones. Third, they see the whole problem and how the parts fit together. Fourth, they creatively resolve the tensions between opposing ideas and generate new alternatives.
According to the author, integrative thinking is an ability everyone can hone. He points to several examples of business leaders who have done so, such as Bob Young, cofounder and former CEO of Red Hat, the dominant distributor of Linux open-source software. Young recognized from the beginning that he didn’t have to choose between the two prevailing software business models. Inspired by both, he forged an innovative third way, creating a service offering for corporate customers that placed Red Hat on a path to tremendous success.



 The Idea in Brief 

The secret to becoming a great leader? Don’t act like one, Martin advises. Instead, think like one. 
Brilliant leaders excel at integrative thinking. They can hold two opposing ideas in their minds at once. Then, rather than settling for choice A or B, they forge an innovative “third way” that contains elements of both but improves on each. 
Consider Bob Young, cofounder of Red Hat, the dominant distributor of Linux open-source software. The business model Young created for Red Hat transcended the two prevailing software industry models—winning Red Hat entrée into the lucrative corporate market. 
How to become an integrative thinker? Resist the simplicity and certainty that comes with conventional “either-or” thinking. Embrace the messiness and complexity of conflicting options. And emulate great leaders’ decision-making approach—looking beyond obvious considerations. 
Your reward? Instead of making unattractive trade-offs, you generate a wealth of profitable solutions for your business. 
The Idea in Practice 
What does integrative thinking look like in action? Contrast conventional and integrative thinkers’ approaches to the four steps of decision making: 
Step 1: Identifying Key Factors
Conventional thinkers consider only obviously relevant factors while weighing options. Integrative thinkers seek less obvious but potentially more relevant considerations. Example:  
Bob Young disliked the two prevailing software business models: selling operating software but not source code needed to develop software applications (profitable but anathema to open-source advocates) or selling CD-ROMs containing software and source code (aligned with open-source values but not profitable). Seeking a third choice, he considered CIOs’ reluctance to buy new technology that would be complicated to maintain. Viewing their reluctance as relevant eventually helped Young see that selling software service would be a superior alternative to the existing product-based business models.  
Step 2: Analyzing Causality
Conventional thinkers consider one-way, linear relationships between factors: more of A produces more of B. Integrative thinkers consider multidirectional relationships. Example:  
Young analyzed the complex relationships among pricing, profitability, and distribution channels. He recognized that a product based on freely available components would soon become a commodity. Any electronics retailer could assemble its own Linux product and push it through its well-developed distribution channel—leaving Red Hat stranded. Analysis of these causal relationships yielded a nuanced picture of the industry’s future.  
Step 3: Envisioning the Decision’s Overall Structure
Conventional thinkers break a problem into pieces and work on them separately. Integrative thinkers see a problem as a whole—examining how its various aspects affect one another. Example:  
Young held several issues in his head simultaneously, including CIOs’ concerns, dynamics of individual and corporate markets for system software, and the evolving economics of the free-software business. Each “piece” could have pushed him toward a separate decision. But by considering the issues as an interrelated whole, Young began to realize only one player would ultimately dominate the corporate market.  
Step 4: Achieving Resolution
Conventional thinkers make either-or choices. Integrative thinkers refuse to accept conventional options. Example:  
To pursue market leadership, Young devised an unconventional business model. The model synthesized two seemingly irreconcilable models by combining low product price with profitable service offerings. Red Hat began helping companies manage the software upgrades available almost daily through Linux’s open-source platform. It also gave the software away as a free Internet download. Thus, Red Hat acquired the scale and market leadership to attract cautious corporate customers to what became its central offering: service, not software. 


We are drawn to the stories of effective leaders in action. Their decisiveness invigorates us. The events that unfold from their bold moves, often culminating in successful outcomes, make for gripping narratives. Perhaps most important, we turn to accounts of their deeds for lessons that we can apply in our own careers. Books like Jack: Straight from the Gut and Execution: The Discipline of Getting Things Done are compelling in part because they implicitly promise that we can achieve the success of a Jack Welch or a Larry Bossidy—if only we learn to emulate his actions.
But this focus on what a leader does is misplaced. That’s because moves that work in one context often make little sense in another, even at the same company or within the experience of a single leader. Recall that Jack Welch, early in his career at General Electric, insisted that each of GE’s businesses be number one or number two in market share in its industry; years later he insisted that those same businesses define their markets so that their share was no greater than 10%, thereby forcing managers to look for opportunities beyond the confines of a narrowly conceived market. Trying to learn from what Jack Welch did invites confusion and incoherence, because he pursued—wisely, I might add—diametrically opposed courses at different points in his career and in GE’s history.
So where do we look for lessons? A more productive, though more difficult, approach is to focus on how a leader thinks—that is, to examine the antecedent of doing, or the ways in which leaders’ cognitive processes produce their actions.
I have spent the past 15 years, first as a management consultant and now as the dean of a business school, studying leaders with exemplary records. Over the past six years, I have interviewed more than 50 such leaders, some for as long as eight hours, and found that most of them share a somewhat unusual trait: They have the predisposition and the capacity to hold in their heads two opposing ideas at once. And then, without panicking or simply settling for one alternative or the other, they’re able to creatively resolve the tension between those two ideas by generating a new one that contains elements of the others but is superior to both. This process of consideration and synthesis can be termed integrative thinking. It is this discipline—not superior strategy or faultless execution—that is a defining characteristic of most exceptional businesses and the people who run them.
I don’t claim that this is a new idea. More than 60 years ago, F. Scott Fitzgerald saw “the ability to hold two opposing ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function” as the sign of a truly intelligent individual. And certainly not every good leader exhibits this capability, nor is it the sole source of success for those who do. But it is clear to me that integrative thinking tremendously improves people’s odds.
This insight is easy to miss, though, since the management conversation in recent years has tilted away from thinking and toward doing (witness the popularity of books like Execution). Also, many great integrative thinkers aren’t even aware of their particular capability and thus don’t consciously exercise it. Take Jack Welch, who is among the executives I have interviewed: He is clearly a consummate integrative thinker—but you’d never know it from reading his books.
Indeed, my aim in this article is to deconstruct and describe a capability that seems to come naturally to many successful leaders. To illustrate the concept, I’ll concentrate on an executive I talked with at length: Bob Young, the colorful cofounder and former CEO of Red Hat, the dominant distributor of Linux open-source software. The assumption underlying my examination of his and others’ integrative thinking is this: It isn’t just an ability you’re born with—it’s something you can hone.
Opposable Thumb, Opposable Mind
In the mid-1990s, Red Hat faced what seemed like two alternative paths to growth. At the time, the company sold packaged versions of Linux open-source software, mainly to computer geeks, periodically bundling together new versions that included the latest upgrades from countless independent developers. As Red Hat looked to grow beyond its $1 million in annual sales, it could have chosen one of the two basic business models in the software industry. 
  
One was the classic proprietary-software model, employed by big players such as Microsoft, Oracle, and SAP, which sold customers operating software but not the source code. These companies invested heavily in research and development, guarded their intellectual property jealously, charged high prices, and enjoyed wide profit margins because their customers, lacking access to the source code, were essentially locked into purchasing regular upgrades.
The alternative, employed by numerous small companies, including Red Hat itself, was the so-called free-software model, in which suppliers sold CD-ROMs with both the software and the source code. The software products weren’t in fact free, but prices were modest—$15 for a packaged version of the Linux operating system versus more than $200 for Microsoft Windows. Suppliers made money each time they assembled a new version from the many free updates by independent developers; but profit margins were narrow and revenue was uncertain. Corporate customers, looking for standardization and predictability, were wary not only of the unfamiliar software but also of its small and idiosyncratic suppliers.
Bob Young—a self-deprecating eccentric in an industry full of eccentrics, who signaled his affiliation with his company by regularly sporting red socks and a red hat—didn’t like either of these models. The high-margin proprietary model ran counter to the whole philosophy of Linux and the open-source movement, even if there had been a way to create proprietary versions of the software. “Buying proprietary software is like buying a car with the hood welded shut,” Young told me. “If something goes wrong, you can’t even try to fix it.” But the free-software model meant scraping a slim profit from the packaging and distribution of a freely available commodity in a fringe market, which might have offered reasonable returns in the short term but wasn’t likely to deliver sustained profitable growth.
Young likes to say that he’s not “one of the smart guys” in the industry, that he’s a salesman in a world of technical geniuses. Nonetheless, he managed to synthesize two seemingly irreconcilable business models, placing Red Hat on a path to tremendous success. His response to his strategic dilemma was to combine the free-software model’s low product price with the proprietary model’s profitable service component, in the process creating something new: a corporate market for the Linux operating system. As is often the case with integrative thinking, Young included some twists on both models that made the synthesis work.







Although inspired by the proprietary model, Red Hat’s service offering was quite different. “If you ran into a bug that caused your systems to crash,” Young said of the service you’d buy from the big proprietary shops, “you would call up the manufacturer and say, ‘My systems are crashing.’ And he’d say, ‘Oh, dear,’ while he really meant, ‘Oh, good.’ He’d send an engineer over at several hundred dollars an hour to fix his software, which was broken when he delivered it to you, and he’d call that customer service.” Red Hat, by contrast, helped companies manage the upgrades and improvements available almost daily through Linux’s open-source platform.
Young also made a crucial change to what had been the somewhat misleadingly dubbed free-software model: He actually gave the software away, repackaging it as a free download on the Internet rather than as an inexpensive but cumbersome CD-ROM. This allowed Red Hat to break away from the multitude of small Linux packagers by acquiring the scale and market leadership to generate faith among cautious corporate customers in what would become Red Hat’s central offering—service, not software.
In 1999, Red Hat went public, and Young became a billionaire on the first day of trading. By 2000, Linux had captured 25% of the server operating system market, and Red Hat held more than 50% of the global market for Linux systems. Unlike the vast majority of dot-com era start-ups, Red Hat has continued to grow.
What enabled Young to resolve the apparent choice between two unattractive models? It was his use of an innate but underdeveloped human characteristic, something we might call—in a metaphor that echoes another human trait—the opposable mind. 
  
Human beings are distinguished from nearly every other creature by a physical feature: the opposable thumb. Thanks to the tension that we can create by opposing the thumb and fingers, we can do marvelous things—write, thread a needle, guide a catheter through an artery. Although evolution provided human beings with this potential advantage, it would have gone to waste if our species had not exercised it in ever more sophisticated ways. When we engage in something like writing, we train the muscles involved and the brain that controls them. Without exploring the possibilities of opposition, we wouldn’t have developed either its physical properties or the cognition that accompanies and animates it.
Analogously, we were born with opposable minds, which allow us to hold two conflicting ideas in constructive, almost dialectic tension. We can use that tension to think our way toward new, superior ideas. Were we able to hold only one thought or idea in our heads at a time, we wouldn’t have access to the insights that the opposable mind can produce.
Unfortunately, because people don’t exercise this capability much, great integrative thinkers are fairly rare. Why is this potentially powerful but generally latent tool used so infrequently and to less than full advantage? Because putting it to work makes us anxious. Most of us avoid complexity and ambiguity and seek out the comfort of simplicity and clarity. To cope with the dizzying complexity of the world around us, we simplify where we can. We crave the certainty of choosing between well-defined alternatives and the closure that comes when a decision has been made.
For those reasons, we often don’t know what to do with fundamentally opposing and seemingly incommensurable models. Our first impulse is usually to determine which of the two models is “right” and, by the process of elimination, which is “wrong.” We may even take sides and try to prove that our chosen model is better than the other one. But in rejecting one model out of hand, we miss out on all the value that we could have realized by considering the opposing two at the same time and finding in the tension clues to a superior model. By forcing a choice between the two, we disengage the opposable mind before it can seek a creative resolution. 


We often don’t know what to do with fundamentally opposing models. Our first impulse is usually to determine which is “right” and, by the process of elimination, which is “wrong.”


This nearly universal personal trait is writ large in most organizations. When a colleague admonishes us to “quit complicating the issue,” it’s not just an impatient reminder to get on with the damn job—it’s also a plea to keep the complexity at a comfortable level.
To take advantage of our opposable minds, we must resist our natural leaning toward simplicity and certainty. Bob Young recognized from the beginning that he wasn’t bound to choose one of the two prevailing software business models. He saw the unpleasant trade-offs he’d have to make if he chose between the two as a signal to rethink the problem from the ground up. And he didn’t rest until he found a new model that grew out of the tension between them.
Basically, Young refused to settle for an “either-or” choice. That phrase has come up time and again in my interviews with successful leaders. When asked whether he thought strategy or execution was more important, Jack Welch responded: “I don’t think it’s an ‘either-or.’” Similarly, Procter & Gamble CEO A.G. Lafley—when asked how he came up with a turnaround plan that drew on both cost cutting and investment in innovation—said: “We weren’t going to win if it were an ‘or.’ Everybody can do ‘or.’”
The Four Stages of Decision Making
So what does the process of integrative thinking look like? How do integrative thinkers consider their options in a way that leads to new possibilities and not merely back to the same inadequate alternatives? They work through four related but distinct stages. The steps themselves aren’t particular to integrative thinking: Everyone goes through them while thinking through a decision. What’s distinctive about integrative thinkers is how they approach the steps. (See the exhibit “Conventional Versus Integrative Thinking.”) 
  








Conventional Versus Integrative Thinking

When responding to problems or challenges, leaders work through four steps. Those who are conventional thinkers seek simplicity along the way and are often forced to make unattractive trade-offs. By contrast, integrative thinkers welcome complexity—even if it means repeating one or more of the steps—and this allows them to craft innovative solutions. 





Determining salience.
The first step is figuring out which factors to take into account. The conventional approach is to discard as many as possible—or not even to consider some of them in the first place. In order to reduce our exposure to uncomfortable complexity, we filter out salient features when considering an issue.
We also do this because of how most organizations are structured. Each functional specialty has its own narrow view of what merits consideration. Finance departments haven’t traditionally regarded emotional factors as salient; similarly, departments concerned with organizational behavior have often ignored quantitative questions. Managers pressure employees to limit their view of what’s salient to match the department’s doctrine, leaving people with only a subset of the factors to which they might otherwise have productively paid attention.
When our decisions turn out badly, we often recognize after the fact that we’ve failed to consider factors that are significant to those outside the immediate reach of our jobs or functional specialties. We say to ourselves, “I should have thought about how the employees in our European operation would have interpreted the wording of that memo” or “I should have thought about the state’s road-repair program before choosing a site for our new distribution center.” The integrative thinker, by contrast, actively seeks less obvious but potentially relevant factors. Of course, more salient features make for a messier problem, but integrative thinkers don’t mind the mess. In fact, they embrace it, because it assures them that they haven’t dismissed anything that may illuminate the problem as a whole. They welcome complexity, because that’s where the best answers come from. They are confident that they’ll find their way through it and emerge on the other side with a clear resolution. 


Integrative thinkers don’t mind a messy problem. In fact, they welcome complexity, because that’s where the best answers come from.


In his thinking about a new business model for Red Hat, Bob Young added into his calculations something ignored both by software companies generally and by Linux suppliers in particular: the day-to-day concerns of corporate CIOs and their systems administrators. Doing this allowed him to envision an innovative model that tapped into an entirely new market for Linux-based products and services.
As a whole, the software industry disdains CIOs’ reluctance to buy the newest and best technology, attributing it to timidity or strict adherence to the “you’ll never get fired for buying IBM” mantra. Young not only empathized with the CIOs but found their caution understandable. “It’s not FUD—fear, uncertainty, and doubt,” he said. “It’s sensible.”
Linux software was an entirely new product for corporate buyers, one that didn’t follow any familiar rules. It was free. No one supplier controlled it. Thousands of versions were out there, and each one changed nearly every day. From the CIOs’ perspective, that Linux was cheaper and better than Windows-based products—the basic sales message delivered by Red Hat’s rivals—played a relatively small part in the calculation. The CIOs were thinking about whether their investment would be in a stable and consistent platform that would work across their organizations and whether their suppliers would still be around in ten or 15 years. Systems administrators worried that the complexity of Linux—with its random and almost daily upgrades—would create a management nightmare, since different teams of people throughout the company would have to maintain the software packages.
Viewing these concerns as salient helped lead Young to conclude that, in the case of Linux, service was a bigger selling point than product and that a vendor’s long-term credibility was crucial.
Analyzing causality.
In the second step of decision making, you analyze how the numerous salient factors relate to one another. Conventional thinkers tend to take the same narrow view of causality that they do of salience. The simplest type of all is a straight-line causal relationship. It’s no accident that linear regression is the business world’s preferred tool for establishing relationships between variables. Other tools are available, of course, but most managers shun them because they’re harder to use. How many times has a superior scolded you for making a problem more complicated than it needs to be? You protest that you’re not trying to complicate anything; you just want to see the problem as it really is. Your boss tells you to stick to your job, and a potentially complex relationship becomes a linear one in which more of A produces more of B. 
  
When we make bad decisions, sometimes it is because we got the causal links between salient features wrong. We may have been right about the direction of a relationship but wrong about the magnitude: “I thought that our costs would decrease much faster than they actually did as our scale grew.” Or we may have gotten the direction of a relationship wrong: “I thought that our capacity to serve clients would increase when we hired a new batch of consultants, but it actually shrank, because the experienced consultants had to spend a huge amount of their time training the new ones and fixing their rookie mistakes.”
The integrative thinker isn’t afraid to question the validity of apparently obvious links or to consider multidirectional and nonlinear relationships. So, for example, rather than simply thinking, “That competitor’s price-cutting is hurting our bottom line,” the integrative thinker may conclude, “Our product introduction really upset our rivals. Now they’re cutting prices in response, and our profitability is suffering.”
The most interesting causal link that Young identified was the rather subtle one between the free availability of Red Hat software’s basic components and the likely—or inevitable, in Young’s view—evolution of the industry. The relationships he saw between pricing, profitability, and distribution channel drove his company in a different direction from its Linux competitors, which saw a perfectly good market for their “free” software. This is what allowed him to create and then lock up the new corporate market.
For example, Young recognized the vulnerability of a product based on freely available components. Whatever you charged for the convenience of getting a Linux operating system bundled together on one CD-ROM, inevitably “someone else would come in and price it lower,” he said. “It was a commodity in the truest sense of the word.” He also realized that a company that wasn’t a current rival—say, a big electronics retailer—could put together a Linux product of its own and then push it through its own well-developed distribution channel, leaving Red Hat and other suppliers out in the cold. “I knew I needed a product I had some control over so I could make CompUSA a customer”—that is, a corporate purchaser of Red Hat’s service package—“rather than a competitor” with its own CD-ROM product.
The causal relationships spotted by Young weren’t earth-shattering on their own, but putting them together helped Young create a more nuanced picture of the industry’s future than his competitors were able to.
Envisioning the decision architecture.
With a good handle on the causal relationships between salient features, you’re ready to turn to the decision itself. But which decision? Even the simple question of whether to go to a movie tonight involves deciding, at the very least, which movie to see, which theater to go to, and which showing to attend. The order in which you make these decisions will affect the outcome. For example, you may not be able to see your preferred movie if you’ve already decided you need to be back in time to relieve a babysitter who has plans for later in the evening. When you’re trying to invent a new business model, the number of decision-making variables explodes. And with that comes the impulse not only to establish a strict sequence in which issues will be considered but also to dole out pieces of a decision so that various parties—often, different corporate functions—can work on them separately.
What usually happens is that everyone loses sight of the overriding issue, and a mediocre outcome results. Suppose that Bob Young had delegated to different functional heads questions concerning the pricing, enhancement, and distribution of Red Hat’s original software product. Would their individual answers, agglomerated into an overall Red Hat strategy, have produced the spectacularly successful new business model that Young came up with? It doesn’t seem all that likely.
Integrative thinkers don’t break down a problem into independent pieces and work on them separately or in a certain order. They see the entire architecture of the problem—how the various parts of it fit together, how one decision will affect another. Just as important, they hold all of those pieces suspended in their minds at once. They don’t parcel out the elements for others to work on piecemeal or let one element temporarily drop out of sight, only to be taken up again for consideration after everything else has been decided. An architect doesn’t ask his subordinates to design a perfect bathroom and a perfect living room and a perfect kitchen, and then hope that the pieces of the house will fit nicely together. A business executive doesn’t design a product before considering the costs of manufacturing it. 
  
Young held simultaneously in his head a number of issues: the feelings and the challenges of chief information officers and systems administrators, the dynamics of both the individual and the corporate markets for operating system software, the evolving economics of the free-software business, and the motivations behind the major players in the proprietary-software business. Each factor could have pushed him toward a separate decision on how to address the challenge. But he delayed making decisions and considered the relationships between these issues as he slowly moved toward the creation of a new business model, one based on the belief that dominant market share would be critical to Red Hat’s success.
Achieving resolution.
All of these stages—determining what is salient, analyzing the causal relationships between the salient factors, examining the architecture of the problem—lead to an outcome. Too often, we accept an unpleasant trade-off with relatively little complaint, since it appears to be the best alternative. That’s because by the time we have reached this stage, our desire for simplicity has led us to ignore opportunities in the previous three steps to discover interesting and novel ways around the trade-off. Instead of rebelling against the meager and unattractive alternatives, instead of refusing to settle for the best available bad choice, the conventional thinker shrugs and asks, “What else could we have done?”
“Much else,” the integrative thinker says. A leader who embraces holistic rather than segmented thinking can creatively resolve the tensions that launched the decision-making process. The actions associated with the search for such resolution—creating delays, sending teams back to examine things more deeply, generating new options at the 11th hour—can appear irresolute from the outside. Indeed, the integrative thinker may even be dissatisfied with the fresh batch of options he’s come up with, in which case he may go back and start over. When a satisfactory outcome does emerge, though, it is inevitably due to the leader’s refusal to accept trade-offs and conventional options.
The outcome in the case of Red Hat was completely unconventional—not many companies suddenly decide to give away their products—and ultimately successful. Young’s gradual realization that only one player in his industry would have leverage with and support from corporate customers—and that such leverage and support could reap attractive service revenues from totally free software—shaped the dramatically creative decision he made.
The thinking that he intuitively engaged in is very different from the thinking that produces most managerial decisions. But, he said, his experience was hardly unique: “People are often faced with difficult choices—for instance, ‘Do I want to be the high-quality, high-cost supplier or the low-quality, low-cost supplier?’ We’re trained to examine the pros and cons of such alternatives and then pick one of them. But really successful businesspeople look at choices like these and say, ‘I don’t like either one.’” Using that recurring phrase, he added: “They don’t accept that it’s an ‘either-or.’”
Born and Bred
The consequences of integrative thinking and conventional thinking couldn’t be more distinct. Integrative thinking generates options and new solutions. It creates a sense of limitless possibility. Conventional thinking glosses over potential solutions and fosters the illusion that creative solutions don’t actually exist. With integrative thinking, aspirations rise over time. With conventional thinking, they wear away with every apparent reinforcement of the lesson that life is about accepting unattractive trade-offs. Fundamentally, the conventional thinker prefers to accept the world just as it is, whereas the integrative thinker welcomes the challenge of shaping the world for the better.
Given the benefits of integrative thinking, you have to ask, “If I’m not an integrative thinker, can I learn to be one?” In F. Scott Fitzgerald’s view, only people with “first-rate intelligence” can continue to function while holding two opposing ideas in their heads. But I refuse to believe that the ability to use our opposable minds is a gift reserved for a small minority of people. I prefer the view suggested by Thomas C. Chamberlin, a nineteenth-century American geologist and former president of the University of Wisconsin. More than 100 years ago, Chamberlin wrote an article in Science magazine proposing the idea of “multiple working hypotheses” as an improvement over the most commonly employed scientific method of the time: testing the validity of a single hypothesis through trial and error. Chamberlin argued that his approach would provide more accurate explanations of scientific phenomena by taking into account “the co-ordination of several agencies, which enter into the combined result in varying proportions.” While acknowledging the cognitive challenges posed by such an approach, Chamberlin wrote that it “develops a habit of thought analogous to the method itself, which may be designated a habit of parallel or complex thought. Instead of a simple succession of thoughts in linear order…the mind appears to become possessed of the power of simultaneous vision from different standpoints.”
Similarly, I believe that integrative thinking is a “habit of thought” that all of us can consciously develop to arrive at solutions that would otherwise not be evident. First, there needs to be greater general awareness of integrative thinking as a concept. Then, over time, we can teach it in our business schools—an endeavor that colleagues and I are currently working on. At some point, integrative thinking will no longer be just a tacit skill (cultivated knowingly or not) in the heads of a select few. 
 

A version of this article appeared in the June 2007 issue of Harvard Business Review.









Roger L. Martin is a professor at and the former dean of the Rotman School of Management at the University of Toronto. He is a coauthor of Playing to Win (Harvard Business Review Press, 2013).








This article is about LEADERSHIP




 Follow this topic



 Following





Related Topics:

Leadership development
Competitive strategy
Psychology
Strategy














						Loading...
					












				Loading...
			























Partner Center
































  



















How Successful Leaders Think
















































MENU

 





 













SUGGESTED TOPICS








 

 


Subscribe



  Hi, 




Sign In
Register






Items added to cart

Your Shopping Cart is empty.
Visit our store




 









MY LIBRARY
TOPIC FEEDS
PURCHASES
ACTIVITY
ACCOUNT SETTINGS
EMAIL PREFERENCES
LOG OUT










SUGGESTED TOPICS





















HBR STORE
 > 
Articles
 > 
Leadership & Managing People






How Successful Leaders Think
magazine article
Roger Martin


















 Save
 Share












8.95



 Save
 Share





Format
				




PDF
Hardcopy Black & White






Format


PDF
Hardcopy Black & White



Language

English
English
Spanish









Add copyright permissions.
							Quantity discounts.



Number of Copyright Permissions









Language

English
Spanish



Quantity





Buying for your team?   





Add to cart
			












Description






Publication Date: June 01, 2007

 This article includes a one-page preview that quickly summarizes the key ideas and provides an overview of how the concepts work in practice along with suggestions for further reading.In search of lessons to apply in our own careers, we often try to emulate what effective leaders do. Roger Martin says this focus is misplaced, because moves that work in one context may make little sense in another. A more productive, though more difficult, approach is to look at how such leaders think. After extensive interviews with more than 50 of them, the author discovered that most are integrative thinkers--that is, they can hold in their heads two opposing ideas at once and then come up with a new idea that contains elements of each but is superior to both. Martin argues that this process of consideration and synthesis (rather than superior strategy or faultless execution) is the hallmark of exceptional businesses and the people who run them. To support his point, he examines how integrative thinkers approach the four stages of decision making to craft superior solutions. First, when determining which features of a problem are salient, they go beyond those that are obviously relevant. Second, they consider multidirectional and nonlinear relationships, not just linear ones. Third, they see the whole problem and how the parts fit together. Fourth, they creatively resolve the tensions between opposing ideas and generate new alternatives. According to the author, integrative thinking is an ability everyone can hone. He points to several examples of business leaders who have done so, such as Bob Young, co-founder and former CEO of Red Hat, the dominant distributor of Linux open-source software. Young recognized from the beginning that he didn't have to choose between the two prevailing software business models. Inspired by both, he forged an innovative third way, creating a service offering for corporate customers that placed Red Hat on a path to tremendous success.


Product #: R0706C-PDF-ENG

Pages: 10


Related Topics:

Leadership
Leadership development
Psychology






How to Download



To download this product after your purchase, simply sign-in to hbr.org and visit the "Purchases" area of your account.




Education & Student Discounts




Educators: Register as a Premium Educator at 
					hbsp.harvard.edu
					, plan a course, and save your students up to 50% with your academic discount.
					

Students: Tell your instructors about the savings at 
					hbsp.harvard.edu.
					











Business Bookshelf
Summaries and excerpts of the latest books, special offers, and more from Harvard Business Review Press.





Sign up





Signed up









          Loading...     


    Customers Who Viewed This Item Also Viewed        Loading...      


                      


       1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $3.75   10-49  $3.50     50–499  $3.25   500+  $3.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $4.50   10-49  $4.00     50–499  $3.50   500+  $3.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $4.50   10-49  $4.00     50–499  $3.50   500+  $3.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $9.50   10-49  $8.50     50–499  $7.50   500+  $7.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50–99  30% off list   100-499  40% off list     500–999  45% off list   1000-2499  50% off list     2500+  55% off list      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-250  list price   251-500  10% off list     501-1000  20% off list   1001–2000  25% off list     2001+  30% off list      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  10% off list     50-99  20% off list   100+  30% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.      When you place your first order on HBR.org and enter your credit card information and shipping address, 'Speed-Pay' ordering is enabled. 'Speed-Pay' is a service that saves the credit card details from your most recent purchase and allows you to re-use that card for future purchases. If you click the Speed-Pay button on any product detail page, your order will be charged to the most recent credit card information attached to your account and shipped (if applicable) to the last address we have on file for you. For more details   Educators: Register as a Premium Educator at hbsp.harvard.edu, plan a course, and save your students up to 50% with your academic discount.   Students: Tell your instructors about the savings at hbsp.harvard.edu.   _____________________     1-4  $8.95 each   5-10  $8.75 each     11-49  $8.50 each   50-499  $8.25 each     500+  $8.00 each     Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order. If you need to make additional copies to distribute, please purchase copyright permission.      Ebook: A digital book provided in three formats (PDF, ePub, and Mobi) for the price of one.  Accessible within “My Library” upon purchase. Hardcopy, paperback, softbound, magazine: Physical copy shipped from our warehouse to your requested shipping location. PDF: PDF digital file. Accessible within “My Library” upon purchase. Bundle: A themed collection containing two or more items at a special savings. Note: Some of our products are available in other languages besides English, for example a “Spanish PDF” format means you will receive a PDF in the Spanish language.    A security code is added protection against credit card fraud. It is a 3 or 4 digit number appearing on the front or back of your credit card. See examples below.  Visa and Mastercard The security code has 3 digits and appears on the BACK of the card in the signature panel. American Express  The Card Identification Number (CID/4DBC) is a four-digit, non-embossed (flat) number that is printed on every American Express Card. The CID/4DBC is ALWAYS located ABOVE the embossed (raised) account number on the face of the card. In some instances, the CID/4DBC is located on the left side of the card, but is always above the account number. Some cards have a four-digit number embossed below the account number, but this is not the CID/4DBC   If you have a promotion code, please enter it below. This promotion code field is case sensitive so please type all capital letters.     This product is intended for individual use only. To learn more about volume discounts for organizations and license opportunities for consultants, contact Lindsey.Dietrich@harvardbusiness.org.      Unable to locate your subscription account #? Click here 






  























Martin R. Leader - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Martin R. Leader
Board Member at Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Martin R. Leader? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Martin R. Leader's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Martin R. Leader's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Martin R. Leader's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Martin R. Leader through your network of contacts.
												








Martin R. Leader's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.


Past
To view Martin R. Leader's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


Vanderbilt University


Tufts University


Age
76

 
 


Martin R. Leader's Biography



Martin R. Leader has served as a Director since May 2002. Mr. Leader is a retired partner of the law firm ShawPittman (now known as Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP) in Washington, D.C. where he specialized in communications law matters. Prior to his service at ShawPittman, Mr. Leader was a senior partner with the law firm of Fisher Wayland Cooper Leader & Zaragoza in Washington, D.C. from 1973 to 1999. Mr. Leader was a member of the Board of Directors of Atlantic Automotive Corporation until February 2006. Mr. Leader has served on the staff of the Office of Opinions and Review of the Federal Communications Commission. He is a member of th ...
(Read More)

			Martin R. Leader has served as a Director since May 2002. Mr. Leader is a retired partner of the law firm ShawPittman (now known as Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP) in Washington, D.C. where he specialized in communications law matters. Prior to his service at ShawPittman, Mr. Leader was a senior partner with the law firm of Fisher Wayland Cooper Leader & Zaragoza in Washington, D.C. from 1973 to 1999. Mr. Leader was a member of the Board of Directors of Atlantic Automotive Corporation until February 2006. Mr. Leader has served on the staff of the Office of Opinions and Review of the Federal Communications Commission. He is a member of the District of Columbia Bar. Mr. Leader graduated from Tufts University and Vanderbilt University Law School.
Based on Mr. Leader's (i) prior experience in communications law and (ii) insight on government relations particularly with the Federal Communications Commission, the Board believes Mr. Leader has acquired the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills necessary to act in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, and thus, the Board has concluded that Mr. Leader should continue to serve as a director for the Company.
		
Source: Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. on 04/21/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Martin R. Leader's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Martin R. Leader. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Martin R. Leader's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Martin R. Leader's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Martin R. Leader through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Martin R. Leader


















Martin R. Leader's Connections (27)





Sign up now to view Martin R. Leader's 27 connections »









J. Duncan Smith
Dir. and Secretary, Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.









Robert J. DeLorenzo
Former Board Member, Rock Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Steven M. Marks
Vice President; Co-Chief Operating Officer, Sinclair Television Group, Inc., Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.









Robert E. Smith
Board Member, Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.









Steven J. Pruett
Former Vice President; Co-Chief Operating Officer, Sinclair Television Group, Inc., Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.









Patrick M. McSweeney
Former Board Member, Rock Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Barry M. Faber
Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.









Lucy A. Rutishauser
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.









Howard E. Friedman
Former Board Member, Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.









Frederick G. Smith
Dir. and Vice President, Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



















Martin R. Leader | 


























































Martin R. Leader

Director





Martin R. Leader has served as a Director since May 2002. Mr. Leader is a retired partner of the law firm ShawPittman (now known as Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP) in Washington, D.C. where he specialized in communications law matters. Prior to his service at ShawPittman, Mr. Leader was a senior partner with the law firm of Fisher Wayland Cooper Leader & Zaragoza in Washington, D.C. from 1973 to 1999. Mr. Leader was a member of the Board of Directors of Atlantic Automotive Corporation until February 2006. Mr. Leader has served on the staff of the Office of Opinions and Review of the Federal Communications Commission. He is a member of the District of Columbia Bar. Mr. Leader graduated from Tufts University and Vanderbilt University Law School. 
























Martin R. Leader, Board Dir., Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Martin Leader 





 


Martin Leader

 

Board Dir. - Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc.

 


Martin Leader Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.sbgi.net 

 

Company Address : 
10706 BeAve.r Dam Rd., Hunt Valley, MD,United States, 


 


Martin Leader Profile :
Board Dir. - Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. 

 


Martin Leader Biography :


Martin R. Leader has served as a Director since May 2002. Mr. Leader is a retired partner of the law firm ShawPittman in Washington, D.C. where he specialized in communications law matters. Prior to his service at ShawPittman, Mr. Leader was a senior partner with the law firm of Fisher Wayland Cooper Leader & Zaragoza in Washington, D.C. from 1973 to 1999. Mr. Leader was a member of the board of directors of Atlantic Automotive Corporation until February 2006. Mr. Leader has served on the staff of the Office of Opinions and Review of the Federal Communications Commission. He is a member of the District of Columbia Bar. Mr. Leader graduated from Tufts University and Vanderbilt University Law School. 

 


Martin Leader Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Nathaniel Ostroff 
VP - New Technology 
Please login 


Gregg Siegel 
VP - National Sales, Television Division 
Please login 


Lawrence Fiorino 
Founder, CEO - G1440 Holdings Inc. 
Please login 


William Butler 
VP - Programming, Promotion, Television Division 
Please login 


Lawrence McCanna 
Board Dir. 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.






Director of Sinclair Broadcast Group (NASDAQ:SBGI), Leader Martin R, sells 10,000 shares worth 1,619








































Stay Connected

Latest Posts in RSS

BusinessEntertainmentFeatured NewsFeatured Press ReleaseFinanceHealthLifestyleNationNon FirstPageOriginalPress ReleaseReviewShoppingSportsStocksTechnologyTravelWorld


Latest Comments in RSS


 / 













EmpoweredNews
World News Summary Helping You Stay Informed









Business
Finance
Sports
Entertainment
Health
Technology
Travel
Shopping




Our Writers
About Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Advertise
Press Releases
















Director of Sinclair Broadcast Group (NASDAQ:SBGI), Leader Martin R, sells 10,000 shares worth $411,619
According to Sinclair Broadcast Group's most recent Form 4 filing with the SEC dated Mar 03 11:53 AM, company Director, Leader Martin R disclosed selling 10,000 shares at a cost of $41.16. At the time of this transaction (Mar 02), this trade was worth $411,619 in total. As of Mar 02, Leader Martin R now owns 55,594 shares in total worth about $2,273,794.6. 
For the last few recent trades made by Sinclair Broadcast Group (NASDAQ:SBGI) Director, Leader Martin R, we have the following information:




SEC Form 4 filing: Jan 08: Sold 1,000 shares at the rate of $30.71 per share. Total worth of this trade was $30,712. Total number of shares owned as of Jan 08 were 62,794




					Posted by  



George Daniels 

					
					on Friday March 03 2017, 12:30 PM EDT. 

All trademarks acknowledged. 
Filed under Stocks.

	Comments and Trackbacks closed.	
 Follow responses: 
RSS 2.0




Comments are closed


 Latest News 
EVP, CL&AO of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Parini Michael, sells 10,829 shares worth $1,743,469
CEO & President of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Leiden Jeffrey M, sells 184,374 shares worth $29,684,214
EVP GMDA, CMO of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Chodakewitz Jeffrey, sells 39,833 shares worth $6,413,113
EVP, Global Research and CSO of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Altshuler David, sells 28,979 shares worth $4,665,619
EVP\Chief Commercial Officer of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Arbuckle Stuart A, sells 89,400 shares worth $14,441,830
See Remarks of Aimmune Therapeutics (NASDAQ:AIMT), Sheehy Douglas T., sells 7,460 shares worth $161,558
SVP and General Counsel of NxStage Medical (NASDAQ:NXTM), Swan Winifred L, sells 3,500 shares worth $84,560
Chief Product Officer of Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Cox Christopher K, sells 16,000 shares worth $2,628,483
Founder & Executive Chairman of Ellie Mae (NYSE:ELLI), Anderman Sigmund, sells 1,319 shares worth $144,958
Chief Financial Officer of Civitas Solutions (NYSE:CIVI), Holler Denis M., sells 5,300 shares worth $101,230

 


News Categories 
Business (7)

Stocks (15,517)



Entertainment (1,297)

Featured News (3,487)

Featured Press Release (251,094)

Finance (309)

Health (653)

Lifestyle (19)

Nation (90)

Non FirstPage (2)

Original (47)

Press Release (18)

Review (1)

Shopping (267)

Sports (613)

Technology (195)

Travel (286)

World (1,368)


  Featured Press Releases 
Global ECG (Electrocardiogram) Monitoring Equipment Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application
Global Curling Equipments Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application
Global Diagnostics PCR Sales Market Sales Volume (Million Units) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Analysis in a Latest Research Report
Global Concrete Saw Sales Market Sales Volume (Million Units) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Analysis in a Latest Research Report
Global Direct Water Dispensers Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application
Global ECG (Electrocardiogram) Monitoring Equipment Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application
Global Dual Voltage Comparator Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application
Global Contact Prober Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application
Global CT Contrast Injectors Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application
Global Counter-IED Equipments Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application







Business
Finance
Sports
Entertainment
Health
Technology
Travel
Shopping
 

About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Advertise
Press Releases
Terms Of Service
 
Log in 

































Peaceful Leader – Cantata



























































 


























   





















View All 
Explore our productsSUBJECT 
Fairy Tales & Folklore(11)Language Arts(47)Math(38)Nursery Rhymes & Folk Songs(54)Science(90)Social and Emotional Learning(49)Social Studies(22)Technology(6) 
GENRE 
Animal Stories(47)Biographies(9)Fairy Tales(6)Juvenile Fiction(99)Jokes & Jingles(5)Juvenile Nonfiction(161)Nursery Rhymes & Folk Songs(37)Sing-along Songs(85) 
READING LEVEL 
Pre-K(36)Kindergarten(68)Grade 1(244)Grade 2(237)Grade 3(197) 
INTEREST LEVEL 
Pre-K(229)Kindergarten(128)Grade 1(258)Grade 2(258)Grade 3(246)Grade 4(66) 
SERIES 
America's Leaders(4)Animal World(12)Animal World: Animals at Home(4)Animal World: Animal Kingdom Boogie(6)Animal World: Songs About Animal Adaptations(4)Father Goose: Animal Rhymes(6)Fire Safety(5)Fairy Tale Tunes(10)Holidays in Rhythm and Rhyme(7)Jokes and Jingles(4)Library Skills(5)Me, My Friends, My Community(4)Me, My Friends, My Community: Caring for Our Planet(4)Me, My Friends, My Community: Friendship(5)Me, My Friends, My Community: Songs about Emotions(4)My First Science Songs(18)My First Science Songs: STEM(4)People Who Help(4)Read, Sing, Learn(4)Read, Sing, Learn: Songs About the Parts of Speech(4)Read, Sing, Learn: Homophones!(5)Read, Sing, Learn: Sound It Out!(4)School Time Songs(6)Science Biographies(3)Shannon's Top Five Cantata Picks(6)Shapes All Around Us(4)Sing-along Songs(50)Sing-along-Songs: Action(4)Sing-along Songs: Animals(4)Sing-along Songs: Math(8)Sing-along Songs: Science(4)Sing-along Songs: Silly(6)Sing and Draw!(5)Taking Care of Myself(4)Tangled Tunes(12)Tangled Tunes: On the Move(4)Water All Around Us(5)Winter Math(7) 
MUSIC GENRE 
Americana(46)Americana (with a New Orleans feel)(1)Blues(1)Bluegrass(6)Boogie Woogie(2)Calypso/Hip Hop(1)Children's March(3)Country(1)Dixieland(1)Electro Pop(1)Folk(16)Hip Hop(28)Hip Hop/Pop(1)Hip Hop (pop/world)(1)Holiday(1)Holiday/World(1)Indie Folk(1)Indie Pop(7)Jazz(21)Kindie(9)Motown(1)Musical Theater(2)New Orleans Brass Band(1)Pop(20)Rock(17)Rock and Roll(4)Ska(3)Slapstick Pop(1)Spaghetti Western(1)Tradjazz(1)World(19)World-influenced Rock(1)Zydeco(3) 
 









full size





full size









Peaceful Leader
Martin Luther King, Jr.
$25.49$33.99
Did you know Martin Luther King, Jr. devoted his life to peaceful protests to advocate for racial equality? Readers will learn about his accomplishments and more in this musical title with full-color illustrations. The backmatter contains song lyrics, guided reading activities, musical notes, and a glossary. This book contains a CD and online music access. Author Bruce Bednarchuk
Illustrated by Marcin Piwowarski
Music Arranged & Produced by Wes Schuck; Audio recorded, mixed, and mastered at Two Fish Studios, Mankato, MN
Hardcover $33.99 list / $25.49 s/l

BUY HARDCOVER BUY EBOOK 





Click the play button to stream the song!



Download


DOWNLOAD MP3
DOWNLOAD SHEET MUSIC

Series: America's Leaders | 
								 View more titles in this series

View America's Leaders Set
View Shannon's Top 5 Picks Set



Features:

Text set to music
CD/web access to song
Reinforced library binding
Full-color illustrations
Glossary
Critical Thinking Activities
Read More Resources
Sheet Music for Each Song



Reading Level Grade: 1-3
Reading Level Age: 6-8
Interest Level Grade: 1-3
Interest Level Age: 6-8
Lexile Level: 710L


Hardcover: $33.99 list / $25.49 s/l
Trim Size: 11 x 9
Pages: 24
ISBN: 978-1-63290-086-9


Music Instrumentation: 

Music Fun Facts:
Folk songs tell stories about all types of things. If you wrote a song, what would it be about? What story would you tell?


















ProductBooks
eBooks
Music
 

ResourcesResearch
Lesson & Project Ideas
Storytime Videos
Free Songs
Harmony Projects
 

CompanyAbout Cantata Learning
News
Testimonials
Contact
 








 ©  2016 Cantata Learning


Books
eBooks
Music























Page Not Found - Leadership Directories
























Products


Blogs


About 


Client Support


Order













Return Home    
        Contact Us


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            







SBGI Martin R. Leader Insider Trades for Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. Cl A


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. Cl A

                  NASDAQ: SBGI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. Cl A



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


SBGI

/quotes/zigman/58723/composite


$
34.49




Change

-0.0069
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 14,104
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/58723/composite
Previous close

$
			34.50
		


$
				34.50
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$34.30
$34.75










52 week low
52 week high

            $24.15
        

            $43.05
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Martin R. Leader



Mr. Martin R. Leader is a Member at The District of Columbia Bar. He is on the Board of Directors at Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. and Sinclair Television Group, Inc. Mr. Leader was previously employed as Senior Partner by Fisher Wayland Cooper Leader & Zaragoza and Partner by Shaw Pittman LLP. He also served on the board at Atlantic Automotive Corp. He received his undergraduate degree from Tufts University and a graduate degree from Vanderbilt Law School.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/01/2017
4,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/02/2017
10,000


 
Disposition at $41.16 per share.


411,600


12/29/2016
100


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


12/29/2016
100


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


12/29/2016
100


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


12/16/2016
100


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


12/01/2016
400


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


12/01/2016
400


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


06/02/2016
4,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/08/2016
1,000


 
Disposition at $30.71 per share.


30,710


12/03/2015
400


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


12/03/2015
400


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


06/04/2015
4,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/10/2014
500


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


12/10/2014
500


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


06/05/2014
3,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/06/2013
6,250


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. David Deniston Smith 
Executive Chairman




Mr. Christopher S. Ripley 
President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Steven M. Marks 
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President




Ms. Lucy A. Rutishauser 
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Senior VP




Mr. Delbert R. Parks 
Chief Technology Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Steven J. Pruett 
Chief TV Development Officer & Executive VP




Mr. David B. Amy 
Vice Chairman




Mr. John  Solomon 
Chief Operating Officer-Circa




Mr. Thomas I. Waters 
Vice President-Purchasing




Mr. Darren J. Shapiro 
Group Manager




Mr. David  Gibber 
Vice President & Deputy General Counsel




Ms. Dana  Feldman 
Vice President-Promotions




Mr. Scott H. Shapiro 
Vice President-Corporate Development




Mr. Jerry  Lilly 
Vice President-Operations




Mr. David  Howitt 
Vice President-Programming




Mr. Tammy  Dupuy 
Vice President-Programming




Mr. Jonathan D. Spaet 
Vice President-Networks Sales




Mr. Arthur  Hasson 
COO-Sinclair Original Programming




Mr. Michael  Kralec 
VP-Data Systems & Information Technology Services




Ms. Rebecca J. Hanson 
Senior Vice President-Strategy & Policy




Mr. Glen  Callanan 
General Manager-KGAN-TV




Mr. Michael  Simon 
Director-Advanced Technology




Mr. Daniel P. Mellon 
Group Manager




Mr. Robert F. Malandra 
Senior Vice President-Finance & Television




Mr. Jonathan P. Lawhead 
Group Manager




Mr. John T. Seabers 
Group Manager




Mr. Mark A. Aitken 
Vice President-Advanced Technology




Mr. Joseph A. Koff 
Vice President-Training & Development




Mr. David F. Schwartz 
Vice President-Sales




Mr. Frederick G. Smith 
Director & Vice President




Mr. J. Duncan Smith 
Secretary, Director & Vice President




Mr. Joseph  Fishleigh 
Sales Director




Mr. David R. Bochenek 
Chief Accounting Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Donald H. Thompson 
Senior Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Barry M. Faber 
Executive Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Howard E. Friedman 
Independent Director




Mr. Daniel C. Keith 
Independent Director




Mr. Martin R. Leader 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert Edgar Smith 
Independent Director




Mr. Lawrence E. McCanna 
Independent Director
















Log In




2:33 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:48pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
11:01aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
11:01aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
11:01aNolan’s cinematic vision in ‘Dunkirk’ is Hollywood’s best defense against Netflix
11:00aGE earnings: Departing CEO Immelt’s last chance to bring good things to investors
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































Page Not Found - Leadership Directories
























Products


Blogs


About 


Client Support


Order













Return Home    
        Contact Us


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            




