


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Institutional home



















































Vanguard - DC Small/Mid Services: Our approach                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined ContributionSmall/Mid plans (startup to $20M+)








 Our approach 
 Sponsor support 
 Participant experience 
 Plan administration 
 Advisor and TPA support 
 Plan Advisor Resource Center








Select Our approachAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Participant experienceAll  

Plan administrationAll  

Advisor and TPA supportAll  

Plan Advisor Resource CenterAll  










Our approach

Leaders of small and mid-sized businesses have multiple roles and competing priorities. You want a best-in-class retirement plan but may be unsure about all the complexities and requirements. You may be uncertain about the costs and fees involved. You need a provider focused solely on retirement and aligned with your needs and goals—and fully committed to you, your participants, and the ongoing improvement of retirement investing.

Vanguard is committed to the retirement business and is a leader in the retirement plan industry. Best of all, you can benefit from Vanguard's unique ownership structure: We're owned by our clients and not by outside investors or stockholders. That means you never need to question whose interests come first for us. This approach serves as a foundation for all that we do with Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™, our 401(k) offer for small and mid-sized plans. You can count on our expertise to remove the uncertainties from managing your plan and our leadership to help you offer a strong plan for your participants. 



Key benefits




You can:

Have confidence in your plan.
Understand your costs.
Focus on your business.





Cost-conscious?
As a business owner and plan fiduciary, you want to eliminate ambiguity in retirement plan costs. Research has shown that plan costs for the smaller end of the market tend to be higher, and you need a retirement plan provider that not only provides transparent pricing but has a fair and reasonable cost structure.1
With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access:

You receive an All-in Fee Report that shows the total cost of your plan.
You have access to low-cost Vanguard index funds, plus the opportunity to choose from among more than 12,000 non-Vanguard funds.
Your annual recordkeeping price is based on a per-participant fee—a fee that doesn't jump as your assets grow, as with many small to mid-sized retirement plans.
You have flexibility in how you cover your plan costs—including a recordkeeping credit depending on the share class selected.




Too busy?
 As a business owner, you're pressed for time and focused on many aspects of business. With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access, you can rely on high-quality recordkeeping and administration to ease your administrative burden and help your employees stay on track for retirement.


1 Source: Investment Company Institute, 2014. 

















Contact us
  888-684-401K
  Email






Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
 We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.

Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart
















Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
            We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.


Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart































































Vanguard - Nonprofit services: Advisory services                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Nonprofit








 Understanding your needs 
 Advisory services 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Nonprofit resource center








Select Understanding your needsAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Nonprofit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many organizations like yours find it challenging to oversee their portfolio while also managing the day-to-day responsibilities of running their endowment, foundation, or charitable organization. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers nonprofits the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind. VIAS strives to:

Understand your organization's mission, spending needs, and unique situation and offer sophisticated, unbiased advice.
Develop a low-cost portfolio customized to your organization's needs.
Relieve your staff of many of the day-to-day burdens of investment program management.

OCIO: One service, many names


One approach nonprofits are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Investing and advising
Optimizing your portfolio to meet your long-term investment objectives requires time and skill. VIAS helps you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your investments are diversified, risk-appropriate, and aligned with your overall strategy.
Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset allocation analysis that uses a distinct, proprietary model to deliver solutions based on your portfolio needs.
Investment policy consulting designed to meet the unique investment goals of your organization.
Customized product selection that focuses on low-cost index and active investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insights into your portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Steadfast commitment to risk management and process excellence through ongoing portfolio monitoring and rebalancing.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness.





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. 

















Contact us
  888-888-7064
  Email







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 











Contact us
  888-888-7064
  E-mail







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 



































































































Insights from Vanguard™

































 






































 
























Vanguard - DB plans: Helping you balance priorities                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined Benefit








 Managing pension risk 
 Advisory services 
 Sponsor support 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Defined benefit resource center








Select Managing pension riskAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Defined benefit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many DB plan sponsors find it challenging to oversee plan portfolios while also managing other day-to-day responsibilities for their organizations. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers DB plan sponsors the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your plan and organization objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind.
OCIO: One service, many names


One approach defined benefit plans are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Optimizing your portfolio to meet your short- and long-term goals
Whether your DB plan is open or frozen, underfunded or approaching full funding, or if plan termination is a possibility, VIAS will help you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your plan investments are risk-appropriate, designed to achieve and maintain full funding, and aligned with your overall strategy. It does this by: 
Understanding your organization, your plan objectives, and your obligations. 
Developing a dynamic investment policy statement that identifies appropriate asset allocation strategies, including funded status triggers, to change the allocation to preserve gains in DB plan funded status.
Based on a proven investment philosophy, constructing a portfolio glide path to full funding and implementing that strategy.
Selecting the best investment minds to manage your portfolio.
Providing ongoing oversight, consultation, and reporting. 

Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset-liability modeling—or ALM—to assess your plan's strategic asset allocation relative to its liability.
Investment policy consulting that sets your plan on a path to full funding.
Product selection that focuses on low-cost investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insightsinto your DB portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Daily funded status monitor that flags funded status changes or when a trigger spelled out in our dynamic investment policy statement has been reached to change the asset allocation according to the plan's glide path.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness. 





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
















Contact us
  800-523-1036
  Email

Request information (RFI)

































Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Contact Us | BNY Mellon Wealth Management





      Contact      Get in touch with one of our professionals.   







 





Your Info
Summary





















Wealth Management Inquiries




General Inquiries
To speak with a wealth management professional, call 866-804-5023. 

Client Access or Support
For help accessing Private Workbench, call 866-829-4073. 

Check Verifications
For banking inquiries, call 866-636-0540. 



Office Locations
BNY Mellon Wealth Management works with individuals, families and institutions wherever they are located. View our list of office locations. 
















Other Inquiries





Careers at BNY Mellon


View Job Opportunities



Employee Directory


Contact an Employee



Check Verifications










Family Office Investment Solutions


View Our Capabilities







Planned Giving Programs


View Our Capabilities



Endowments & Foundations


View Our Capabilities








  












Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 












Discover  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



        Discover How we successfully manage wealth and the types of clients we serve.     
      Who We Serve      Customized plans and services for individuals, families, advisors and institutions   



Individuals & Families
We specialize in meeting the complex investment and banking needs of wealthy individuals and their families.
Learn More



Advisors to Individuals & Families
We offer a collaborative approach and customized solutions for our clients' other professional and financial advisors.
Learn More



Family Offices
Among the first of its kind in the nation, our Family Office services feature industry-leading resources and expertise for family offices and their financial interests.
Learn More



Non-Profits
We offer a full range of investment, custody, and reporting services tailored specifically to the needs of non-profits nationwide.
Learn More



      Capabilities      Deep expertise across a wide range of wealth management services           Asset Servicing & Information Management       Asset Servicing & Information Management  As the world’s largest asset servicing provider, we make sure that your assets and information are secure through our full range of custody, administration, and reporting services.  Learn more         Credit & Lending Services       Credit & Lending Services  As the oldest U.S. private bank, we have extensive experience in credit and lending–and in the strategies that make them effective components of your wealth plan.  Learn more         Donor Advised Funds       Donor Advised Funds  We have a distinct team dedicated to the needs of donor advised fund sponsor organizations and individual donors.  Learn more         Endowment & Foundation Services       Endowment & Foundation Services  We have an experienced team dedicated exclusively to the needs of Endowments and Foundations.  Learn more         Escrow Services       Escrow Services  Escrow arrangements offer a perfect solution when you and another party require property such as cash, securities, real estate or insurance policies, to be held by a third party until certain conditions are met.  Learn more         Family Office Investment Solutions       Family Office Investment Solutions  The Family Office investment platform focuses on delivery of custom solutions constructed around each client’s unique liquidity, cash flow, tax, risk and return requirements.  Learn more         Fiduciary Services       Fiduciary Services  One of the largest banks in the world and the creator of the nation’s first trust, we are unrivaled in fiduciary experience.  Learn more         Investment Management       Investment Management  Our investment management services are dedicated exclusively to the needs of private clients.  Learn more         Jumbo Mortgages       Jumbo Mortgages  As a jumbo mortgage lender of primary and vacation homes nationwide, we have unrivaled expertise in creating and managing solutions to meet the needs of our private clients.  Learn more         Philanthropy       Philanthropy  With BNY Mellon, your charitable gifts not only serve recipients well, but also remained aligned with your strategic, philanthropic and financial goals.  Learn more         Planned Giving Services       Planned Giving Services  For more than 20 years, we have served non-profit organizations with comprehensive gift management services, tailored investment management solutions, and donor and organizational support.  Learn more         Private Banking       Private Banking  From checking, savings and online banking to sophisticated financing strategies, we respond to the evolving needs of our clients with customized solutions and personalized service.  Learn more         Self-Directed Investment Services       Self-Directed Investment Services  Our Cash Management Access Account (CMAA) combines our banking capabilities with our brokerage services in one streamlined solution.   Learn more         Wealth & Estate Planning       Wealth & Estate Planning  When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved.   Learn more       
      Contact Us Want to know more about BNY Mellon Wealth Management?  Fill in the quick contact form and we’ll connect you with the right person to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 












Experience | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



     My Experience  I am a  choose one                  I am a    Individual InvestorAdvisor to an IndividualFamily OfficeNon-Profit             and  I'm looking for guidance because            choose one                   I'm looking for guidance because...                   * Please select a    See Results                      Experience A Client-First Culture We do things a little differently at BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Here, we have a commitment to serving clients, not selling products–a client-first approach that has led to industry-leading client satisfaction rates. 

And while we're proud of those results, it’s our client retention rates that matter most to us. Those sustained relationships can only be earned over time–and they’re what allow us to create not just richer lifetimes, but enduring legacies.     
      Becoming an Individual Client      Personal strategies and services based on one question: What do you need?        Experience The Individual Investor Journey At BNY Mellon Wealth Management, expect to receive the best of both worlds: the high-touch, one-on-one service of an investment boutique backed by the power of a large, resource-rich global firm. 

Industry-leading client service. Best in class resources. A spirit of innovation. All focused on you. 

Want to learn more about solutions for Individual Investors? Contact us today, and we’ll connect you with a professional who can help you build a wealth plan specific to your needs. 
              1Discuss2Assess3Plan4Implement5Manage       The Individual Investor Journey Step 1 Discuss Your Goals Working closely, we define your ultimate objectives and expectations for lifestyle and wealth transfer. This ensures everyone is aligned around your collective vision from the start.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 2 Assess Your Portfolio Guided by your goals and risk tolerance, we explore the mix of asset classes that’s right for you. We identify each entity's optimal contribution and consider strategic alignment with your chosen goals.        The Individual Investor Journey Step 3 Plan For What's Next We analyze each entity within your portfolio, including IRAs, trusts and credit facilities, as well as special situations such as business interests or executive compensation. Our plan is created with your input throughout, and moves to implementation only with your approval.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 4 Implement Strategic Action We document your plan's details and review with you, aligning them with your requirements before implementing the strategy.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 5 Actively Manage Unlike other firms, your portfolio is managed actively by a team of people. They are regularly revisiting your goals, rebalancing your positions, and identifying new opportunities. They have your interests top of mind, all the time.        Discover Our Services for Individuals & Families  Learn More 
      Becoming an Institutional Client      We understand what makes institutional wealth management unique. And we know how to optimize it.            Experience The Institutional Investor Journey No single firm offers family offices and non-profits integrated support like BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Industry-leading custody capabilities and deep fiduciary knowledge make our in-house expertise for institutions unparalleled. And our centuries of investment excellence across asset classes and styles informs everything we do.


Want to learn more about our solutions for Institutions? Get the answers you need to discover what BNY Mellon Wealth Management can do for your organization.          1Discuss2Assess3Plan4Implement5Manage       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 1 Discuss Your Goals Even before you’ve committed to being a client, you will meet your core team of advisors. Together, you will outline your organization’s needs and goals.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 2 Assess Your Portfolio With your organization’s goals in mind, the team will work look closely at what currently exists. This work is aimed at uncovering under-leveraged assets, missed opportunities and unnecessary risks relative to your organization’s future needs.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 3 Plan For What's Next Your dedicated client services team works with you to outline near-term and long-term strategic goals. Timeframes and milestones are established along with the communication plan.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 4 Implement Strategic Action The team goes to work executing the agreed upon strategy, keeping you informed every step of the way. Reports are made available for you to review and share.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 5 Actively Manage Your team is regularly revisiting your organization’s goals and actively identifying new opportunities or risks. We are also constantly consulting with our internal experts, sharing best thinking and getting ahead of trends.        Discover Our Services for Institutions  Learn More 
      Private Workbench      Take a tour of our online platform for real-time account information, research and reports        Private Workbench Benefits    Mobile Access Available on your phone, tablet, or laptop, so you can monitor your investments and banking in real time.   Custom Settings Make the experience yours by seeing only what you want and nothing that you don’t.   Direct Access to Your Dedicated Team The My Team tab gives you direct email access to your wealth management team.     
      Contact Us How can we help you?  Your questions are important to us, complete our contact form and we’ll connect you with the right team member to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 


















Leavell Investment Management











































































 


























 








INVESTMENTMANAGEMENT 
 
		

Trusted Investment Solutions Since 1979














OUR 
GOAL 
		

IS TO PROVIDE TRUSTED INVESTMENT 
SOLUTIONS TO OUR CLIENTS 
BY PROVIDING PERSONALIZED SERVICE 
WITH A COMMITMENT TO INTEGRITY  
		













OUR 
COMMITMENT 
		

IS TO BE INTELLECTUALLY HONEST 
IN OUR RESEARCH AND EXPLAIN IT IN STRAIGHTFORWARD TERMS TO OUR CLIENTS. 
		





 


 








 DELIVERING CUSTOM INVESTMENT STRATEGIES THAT MEET OUR CLIENTS' FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES.
 

ABOUT


We are an Alabama-based investment advisor with $1.5 billion* under management
*as of December 31st, 2016.
Our clients include individuals and families, businesses, foundations, and retirement plan sponsors.
MORE

FOUNDED IN
1979 IN MOBILE

We are different because we strive to minimize complexity and pursue what is best for the client. We are committed to being intellectually honest in our research and will always help our clients understand in straight-forward terms what they own and why they own it.
DEDICATED TO PERSONALIZED SERVICE




 
































































































 



NEWS

LEAVELL INSIGHTS
LEAVELL NEWS


OUR PEOPLE

We stand out because we deliver investment strategies customized to meet each of our client’s preferences and circumstances. We work with a select number of clients so that we are always available for a conversation. We have the resources on our team to provide counsel on a broad array of financial topics pertinent to our clients’ circumstances.

As a Leavell Investment Management™ client you will enjoy the services of a dedicated team of experienced investment professionals that include attorneys, MBAs, CFA Charterholders and former trust officers with a combined industry experience of over 200 years. 

MEET US

OUR LOCATIONS

Mobile Office
210 St. Joseph Street
Mobile, AL 36602
(251) 433-3709 Tel
Birmingham Office
2712 18th Place South
Birmingham, AL 35209
(205) 879-1654 Tel 

OUR SERVICES  WE KEEP OUR INTERESTS ALIGNED WITH OUR CLIENTS’ INTERESTS. 







































OUR PEOPLE | Leavell Investment Management












































































 























OUR PEOPLE








WITH A COMBINED INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE OF OVER 200 YEARS, WE ARE ABLE TO OFFER OUR CLIENTS UNMATCHED SERVICE IN A WIDE VARIETY OF FINANCIAL AREAS. Andrew GrinsteadPresident and Chief Executive OfficerBefore joining the firm in 2010, Andrew served as an investment consultant to the New York-based hedge fund Southpoint Capital Advisors, LP. Andrew’s previous work experience includes private equity and investment banking roles with Raymond James, Equity Group Investments, IPC Industries, and Chestnut Partners.  Andrew graduated magna cum laude with a degree in Economics from Harvard College, and received his M.B.A., with distinction, from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management where he was chosen by faculty as the top finance student in his graduating class. Andrew taught courses in Advanced Financial Management and Money and Capital Markets as an Adjunct Lecturer at Spring Hill College. He is an Appointed Director of the Harvard Alumni Association and a Board Member at the Women's Resource Center. He enjoys coaching his children’s sports teams and spending time with his family.
Richard M. StimpsonChairman, Investment CounselorRichard has been in the financial services industry since 1987. He worked for FTN Financial in Fixed Income Sales and later for Sterne Agee in a similar capacity. Richard joined the firm in 2006. He holds a B.S. in Pre-Law from the University of Alabama. Richard served in the United States Marine Corps, is active in the Rotary Club of Mobile, as well as the Downtown Mobile Alliance. Currently he serves on the Boards of Outback America, the Business Council of Alabama and the Alabama Policy Institute.
Thomas W. LeavellFounder, Portfolio ManagerTom founded the firm in 1979 and has been continuously engaged in the investment management business since 1973. Tom previously served as Manager of Trust Investments at First National Bank of Mobile and as Portfolio Manager/Security Analyst at Wachovia Bank & Trust Company. Prior to that, Tom was an Air Force Captain assigned to a flight crew with Strategic Air Command B-52 bombers. He holds a B.S. from Auburn University and an M.B.A. from the University of Kentucky. Tom is the portfolio manager of The Government Street Equity Fund and The Government Street Mid Cap Fund.  Tom is a member of the CFA Institute, and he enjoys painting and spending time with his wife on their farm. 
Janet R. HayesChief Operating Officer, Investment Counselor Janet joined the firm in 2004 and has been engaged in the investment management business since 1989. She previously served as SVP for BBVA's Private Client Services Group in Alabama and Florida and in a similar capacity with Bank of America in Nashville, Houston and Charlotte. Janet holds a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.  She is a graduate of Leadership Mobile, is a past member of the Charles Schwab Advisor Services Board, serves as President of the Mitchell College of Business Executive Council, and is past president and longtime board member for the Ronald McDonald House. She enjoys traveling internationally and playing golf with her husband and son.
Michael J. Hofto, CFA®Chief Financial Officer, Portfolio Manager Mike was President and CEO of Saunders Engine Company before joining the firm in 2007. He has a B.S. from Virginia Tech and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.  Mike is a CFA Charter holder and  member of the CFA Institute.  He received his CPA designation in 1989 and is a member of the AICPA.  Mike is a graduate of Leadership Alabama and has immersed himself in leadership roles with the Mobile Area Chamber of Commerce, Mobile Area Education Foundation and currently serves on  the Victory Health Partners Board.
Timothy S. HealeyChief Investment Officer, Portfolio Manager Tim joined the firm in 1986 and has been continuously engaged in the investment management business since 1975.  Tim previously served as Second Vice President, Equity Portfolio Manager, Preferred & Common Stock Analyst, Venture Capital Manager & Fixed Income Analyst at Torchmark Investment Advisory Company, Inc.  He earned his Bachelor’s degree in Finance from the University of Alabama and is a member of the CFA Institute. Tim is the portfolio manager of The Alabama Tax Free Bond Fund and enjoys spending time with his wife and three daughters.
Margaret H. Alves, J.D. Chief Compliance Officer Prior to joining the firm in 2006, Holly practiced law with a local law firm for six years.  She received a B. A. degree in Economics and Political Science from Sewanee: The University of the South and earned her J.D. cum laude from the University of Alabama School of Law.  She is also a graduate of the Alabama State Bar Leadership Forum. Holly is active in the Junior Auxiliary of the Eastern Shore and the Alabama State Bar Association. Holly enjoys spending time with her husband and two boys in various outdoor activities.
Richard E. Anthony, Jr, CFA®Portfolio Manager Before joining the firm in 2004, Rich served as an Analyst and Portfolio Manager at AmSouth Bank.  He holds a B.S. in Business Administration and an M.S. in Engineering from the University of Alabama.  Rich is a CFA Charter holder and member of the CFA Institute.  He enjoys playing golf and spending time with his family. 
Peggy D. ConnollyDirector of Marketing, Investment CounselorBefore joining the firm in April 2015, Peggy worked for 12 years  in the financial services industry, most recently, in a similar role with Sterne Agee in Birmingham, where she served as SVP, Head of Marketing and Development, focusing primarily on corporate marketing strategy and developing client relationships. Peggy holds a B.A. from Hollins University and enjoys being an active member of the Birmingham community as a past board member of the Junior League of Birmingham. She is currently involved with the YWCA of Central Alabama's development committee and is active with the Women's Business Council of Birmingham.
Kee P.GoostreeAssistant Investment Counselor Kee joined the firm in 2011 after 20 years in the investment business with Sterne Agee and Regions Bank. Throughout her career, she has gained extensive experience in portfolio accounting, performance reporting, client service, fixed income and equity trading, compliance, and all operational and administrative functions. Kee graduated from Auburn with a B.S. in Business Administration. Outside of work, Kee enjoys spending time with her husband and two children, and actively volunteers with her children’s school and as a member of Double Oak Community Church. 
Mary Shannon HopeOperations Manager, Portfolio Manager Mary Shannon, who joined the firm in 1988, specializes in fixed income securities and manages both the trading desk and operations.  She earned a B.S. in Finance from the University of Alabama and an M.B.A. from the University of South Alabama.  Mary Shannon is a graduate of Leadership Mobile and  is a sustaining member of the Junior League of Mobile.  She enjoys spending time on Mobile Bay with her family. 
Harold F. Miller, Jr. , CFA®, J.D.Portfolio Manager Harold joined the firm in 2005 and has been engaged in the investment management business for 50 years.  He previously served as President of Investment Counselors of Alabama and as Treasurer of Vanderbilt University.  He is a graduate of Vanderbilt University and the University of Alabama School of Law. Harold is a CFA Charter holder and member of The CFA Institute. Harold s a member of St. Luke’s Episcopal Church. 
Leigh D. MortonRetirement Plan Coordinator & Assistant Investment Counselor Leigh joined the firm in 1999. She served as the firm’s Trading Coordinator for over eleven years. Currently, she focuses her expertise in servicing retirement plan business as well as working closely with  individual clients.  Prior to that she served in an administrative position for J. C. Bradford.  Leigh holds a B.S. in Accounting from the University of South Alabama.  She has enjoyed service in several non-profits, such as the Art Patrons League, and currently is active in the Junior Auxiliary of the Eastern Shore. 
William K. Nicrosi II, CPA, CFP® Investment Counselor Before joining the firm in 2010, William served as Chairman, President and COO of Arlington Trust Company, Inc. and was a partner in the family office firm of Arlington Partners LLC.  He holds a B.S. in Finance and Accounting from Birmingham-Southern College. Previously, he was a partner in the CPA firm of Williams, Taylor & Associates P.C. (currently Dixon Hughes Goodman PLLC). William received his CPA designation in 1993 and is a member of the AICPA and the ASCPA.  He earned his CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™  designation in 1999. William is a current board member for the Mountain Brook City Schools Foundation and serves on the Birmingham-Southern Norton Board. He is active in St. Luke’s Episcopal Church, the Kiwanis Club of Birmingham and enjoys traveling, snow skiing and other outdoor activities with his family. 
C. DaltonNixAssociate Investment CounselorDalton joined the Leavell team in 2016.  He previously worked for an Atlanta-based, boutique investment bank and operational advisory firm that helped privately held businesses maximize value through liquidity options, recapitalizations or through accessing growth capital. As the VP of Investment Banking, Dalton focused his efforts on both business development and sell-side transaction execution for lower, middle market clients across a wide range of industries. He graduated cum laude with a degree in Finance and a minor in economics in 2007 and later earned his M.B.A. in 2011, both from the University of Alabama. Dalton currently serves on the Board of NEST of Mobile and was a part of the Multiple Sclerosis Society Leadership class of 2016. Dalton is an avid outdoorsman and enjoys documenting his adventures and encounters with his camera.
Michael C. Teel, J.D. Investment Counselor Mike joined the firm in 1998 after serving as Vice President and Trust Officer for AmSouth Bank for eleven years.  Since 1991, he has been teaching Legal Environment of Business in the Brock School of Business at Samford University. Mike is past President of The Estate Planning Council of Birmingham.  He has a Bachelor's Degree from Southern Methodist University and an M.B.A and J.D. from the University of Missouri. He also holds an M.B.S. from Birmingham Theological Seminary.
John Wade Therrell Investment Counselor John Wade joined the firm in 2015 after a successful 10 year career in the banking industry. Most recently, he was with IBERIABANK focusing on building his market’s commercial banking portfolio. John Wade holds a B.A. degree from Rhodes College in Memphis, where he also played football. He holds a graduate degree in banking from the Southwestern Graduate School of Banking (SWGSB) at SMU in Dallas. Educational honors include receiving the SWGSB 2015 President’s award. John Wade was 2011 member of Mobile's Forty Under Forty Class and currently serves on the Board of South Alabama YMCA and the Alabama Free Clinic. John Wase is also active in the Fuse Project and the National Multiple Sclerosis Society, where he recently served as the chairman of its leadership class. He enjoys spending time with his family as well as  hunting and fishing. 
John M. WilliamsDirector of Business Development & Account Management John joined the firm in 2007 after serving as a Managing Director in the Institutional Fixed Income Division for Morgan Keegan in its Birmingham office and as a Vice President in the Institutional Investment Banking Division of Compass Bank.  John received a B.S. degree in Finance from The University of Alabama Culverhouse School of Business, and has been engaged in the investment management business since 1980.  John has served on the UAB Comprehensive Cancer Board and is currently on The University of Alabama President’s Cabinet. He is a current board member of center management, Inc. (The Harbert Center), is a a Team Member and the Treasurer of the Monday Morning Quarterback Club, and is active with the Kiwanis Club of Birmingham. John is a 35-year member of the Cathedral Church of the Advent, enjoys traveling, playing golf and spending time with his family.
MEET OUR DEDICATED CLIENT SERVICES AND OPERATIONS TEAM. 
Jacoba Brown | Trading Coordinator 
jbrown@leavellinvestments.com
Lauri Bryant | Admin Assistant 
lbryant@leavellinvestments.com

Angie Deese | Admin Assistant 
adeese@leavellinvestments.com

Tara Duncan | Operations 
tduncan@leavellinvestments.com

Rhonda Potts | Operations 
rpotts@leavellinvestments.com

Nena Smith | Accountant & Operations
nsmith@leavellinvestments.com
 
Shelly Duncan | Client Service Specialist
sduncan@leavellinvestments.com
  







































LEAVELL INSIGHTS | Leavell Investment Management












































































 























LEAVELL INSIGHTS









QUARTERLY COMMENTARY
1st Quarter 2017
Click Here To Review
2nd Quarter 2017
Click Here To Review 







































LEAVELL NEWS | Leavell Investment Management












































































 























LEAVELL NEWS








August 31, 2016Leavell Investment Management Names New Chairman of the FirmREAD MOREAugust 24, 2016Leavell’s William Nicrosi named to 2016 Leadership Birmingham ClassREAD MOREAugust 16, 2016Leavell’s John Wade Therrell selected to serve as Honorary Chair of National MS Society’s 2016 Greater Mobile Leadership Campaign eventREAD MORE
 







































OUR PROCESS | Leavell Investment Management












































































 























OUR PROCESS








 DELIVERING CUSTOM INVESTMENT STRATEGIES THAT MEET OUR CLIENTS' FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES.

OUR CUSTOM PORTFOLIOS


01
Small Cap
Mid Cap
Large Cap

02
Emerging Markets
Developed International
03
Taxable Bonds
Tax Free Bonds

04
Special Situations

INVESTMENT
PHILOSOPHY




PURSUE
• Asset Allocation
• Custom Portfolios
• Broad Diversification
• Tax Aware Investing
• Ongoing Review
• Long Term Perspective
CAUTION
• Illiquid Assets
• Short-Term Trading
• Leverage and Derivatives

AVOID
• Complexity
• High Fees
INVESTMENT PROCESS


01
Review Current Circumstances, Clarify Objectives, Determine Appropriate Risks Tolerances.

02
Determine Appropriate Asset Allocation.

03
Customize Portfolio Investments To Meet Clients' Specific Situations.04
Purchase Securities And Implement Investments Plan.

05
Actively Monitor Investment Performance.

06
Re-balance As Needed.
 







































ABOUT THE COMPANY | Leavell Investment Management













































































 























ABOUT THE COMPANY








Our primary goal is to provide trusted investment solutions to our clients.


We pursue our clients' goals by providing personalized service with a commitment to integrity. 
We stand out because we deliver investment strategies customized to meet each of our clients' preferences and circumstances.

OUR
CLIENTS




• Individuals
• Businesses
• Personal Trusts

• Endowments
• Foundations
• Retirement Plans
• Pension and Profit Sharing Plans 
 

MOBILE OFFICE

 210 St. Joseph Street, Mobile, AL 36602
(251) 433-3709
(251) 433-3723 



BIRMINGHAM OFFICE

 2712 18th Place South, Birmingham, AL 35209
(205) 879-1654
(205) 871-8708

 CONTACT US TODAY 
MOBILE

BIRMINGHAM
 

































﻿

























Leavell Investment Management Inc. Has $524,000 Stake in MSC Industrial Direct Company, Inc. (NYSE:MSM) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for MSC Industrial Direct Company Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor MSC Industrial Direct Company Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

OLD National Bancorp IN Has $867,000 Position in German American Bancorp, Inc. (GABC)
Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund, Inc. Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.04 (FAX)
Exxon Mobil Corporation’s (XOM) Market Perform Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo & Company
Head to Head Analysis: Care Capital Properties (NYSE:CCP) versus LTC Properties (LTC)
Steve Wigginton Sells 6,000 Shares of Evolent Health, Inc (EVH) Stock
EVINE Live (NASDAQ:EVLV) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds
Head-To-Head Review: TransUnion (TRU) & Everyday Health (EVDY)
KLA-Tencor Corporation (KLAC) Director Kevin Kennedy Sells 2,500 Shares
Peter C. Browning Sells 970 Shares of Acuity Brands Inc (AYI) Stock
FIG Partners Equities Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Preferred Bank (PFBC)
Monogram Residential Trust (NYSE:MORE) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
Heartland Financial USA (NASDAQ:HTLF) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.44
Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Toro Company (The) (NYSE:TTC) Stock Price
OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Has $773,000 Stake in Kroger Company (The) (NYSE:KR)
CenturyLink (CTL) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.07
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact SunTrust Banks (STI) Share Price
$339.77 Million in Sales Expected for SunOpta, Inc. (NASDAQ:STKL) This Quarter
Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Shares Bought by National Pension Service
Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Sells 1,301 Shares of Lam Research Corporation (LRCX)
Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Buys 79,118 Shares of Progressive Corporation (The) (NYSE:PGR)


 


Leavell Investment Management Inc. Has $524,000 Stake in MSC Industrial Direct Company, Inc. (NYSE:MSM)

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

Leavell Investment Management Inc. maintained its stake in MSC Industrial Direct Company, Inc. (NYSE:MSM) during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 6,100 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Leavell Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in MSC Industrial Direct were worth $524,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in MSC Industrial Direct by 0.9% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,450,313 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $457,315,000 after buying an additional 37,928 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in MSC Industrial Direct by 7,681.5% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,725,557 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $382,836,000 after buying an additional 3,677,680 shares during the period. FMR LLC raised its stake in MSC Industrial Direct by 72.5% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 3,074,574 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $315,943,000 after buying an additional 1,292,581 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its stake in MSC Industrial Direct by 1.7% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,203,471 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $123,670,000 after buying an additional 20,473 shares during the period. Finally, AQR Capital Management LLC raised its stake in MSC Industrial Direct by 35.6% in the first quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 900,428 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $92,528,000 after buying an additional 236,604 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 77.67% of the company’s stock. 




MSC Industrial Direct Company, Inc. (MSM) traded up 0.73% on Tuesday, reaching $71.69. The company had a trading volume of 33,144 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $82.00 and a 200 day moving average price of $92.90. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.08 billion, a PE ratio of 17.88 and a beta of 0.54. MSC Industrial Direct Company, Inc. has a 52-week low of $69.96 and a 52-week high of $105.70. 


 Get MSC Industrial Direct Company Inc. alerts:



MSC Industrial Direct (NYSE:MSM) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, July 12th. The industrial products company reported $1.09 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.09. MSC Industrial Direct had a net margin of 8.07% and a return on equity of 20.05%. The company had revenue of $743.90 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $744.49 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.05 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 2.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that MSC Industrial Direct Company, Inc. will post $3.98 EPS for the current year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, July 18th will be paid a dividend of $0.45 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, July 14th. This represents a $1.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.53%. MSC Industrial Direct’s dividend payout ratio is presently 45.11%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Leavell Investment Management Inc. Has $524,000 Stake in MSC Industrial Direct Company, Inc. (NYSE:MSM)” was originally published by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/leavell-investment-management-inc-has-524000-stake-in-msc-industrial-direct-company-inc-nysemsm-updated.html. 
A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the company. BMO Capital Markets dropped their price target on MSC Industrial Direct from $98.00 to $87.00 and set a “market perform” rating for the company in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Zacks Investment Research lowered MSC Industrial Direct from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. upgraded MSC Industrial Direct from a “market perform” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $103.00 price target for the company in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. J P Morgan Chase & Co assumed coverage on MSC Industrial Direct in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $91.00 price target for the company. Finally, Credit Suisse Group upgraded MSC Industrial Direct from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and upped their price target for the company from $92.00 to $100.00 in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $92.00.
In related news, Director Philip Peller acquired 1,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, July 19th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $72.00 per share, with a total value of $72,000.00. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 2,422 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $174,384. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. 31.28% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
MSC Industrial Direct Company Profile
MSC Industrial Direct Co, Inc is a North American distributor of metalworking and maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) products and services. The Company’s range of MRO products include cutting tools, measuring instruments, tooling components, metalworking products, fasteners, flat stock, raw materials, abrasives, machinery hand and power tools, safety and janitorial supplies, plumbing supplies, materials handling products, power transmission components and electrical supplies. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for MSC Industrial Direct Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MSC Industrial Direct Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Leavell Investment Management, Inc.                                                                                      - Mobile                                            , AL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AL



Mobile



Investment Advice



Investment Counselors



                            Leavell Investment Management, Inc.
                                    



 





















L 


Leavell Investment Management, Inc.                                                                                     
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



150 GOVERNMENT ST # 3000 MOBILE, AL 36602
Get Directions



(251) 433-3709
www.leavellinvestments.com                                                                              





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated AL
 Annual Revenue $4,076,092.00
 Employee Count 14
 Industries Investment Counselors
 Contacts Thomas Leavell                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2009 the company has been providing Investment Counselors. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















BBB Business Profile | Leavell Investment Management, Inc.



















Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Investment Management
 > 
Leavell Investment Management, Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Leavell Investment Management, Inc.



Submit a Review

































Leavell Investment Management, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(251) 433-3709

Leavell Investment Management, Inc.
38 years in business

        210 Saint Joseph St
        Mobile, AL 36602-3917
    




                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 03/01/1986
            

                Business Started: 01/01/1979






            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Thomas W. Leavell
                

                    Ms. Nena Smith
                





            Contact Information
        


                    Principal: Mr. Mike Hofto, Manager Contact Person
                





            Business Category
        


                Investment Management
            




                            Business Brokers
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories







            Products & Services
        
        Based on information provided, this company offers investment management services.

    




            Alternate Business Names
        


                    T. Leavell & Associates, Inc.
                

                    Capital Management Corporation
                




 








            Business Information
        






                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            











Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint










BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Leavell Investment Management, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Leavell Investment Management, Inc.
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint












Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 

















BBB Serving Central & South Alabama





















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News




06/16/17


Spotlight: BBB eNewsletter 6/15/17



06/16/17


BBB Warning for Tennessee Motorcycle Event



06/15/17


What to Look for When Buying a Home Security System



06/13/17


Study Shows Millennials More Likely to be Scammed than Baby Boomers



 More Local News »





                        BBB Accredited Business Directory
                    


                    Businesses that commit to high standards are just a click away:
                

Contractors, Plumbers, Builders, Banks, Movers, Doctors, Attorneys, Charities and more...







File a Complaint
GO NOW »







Auto Warranty Concerns?
FILE A CLAIM »







 Local Sponsors








Local Sponsor







Local Sponsor







Coleman World Group




















 



























  



  



































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.













































﻿
































Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Position Maintained by Leavell Investment Management Inc. - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Ventas Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Ventas Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Unilife Corp (UNIS) versus Invuity (NASDAQ:IVTY) Critical Contrast
CenturyLink (CTL) & Shaw Communications (SJR) Head to Head Review
Analyzing NRG Yield (NYLD) and UNS Energy Corp (NYSE:UNS)
Roper Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:ROP) Position Held by Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc.
Page Arthur B Raises Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK)
Comparing Etsy (ETSY) and Roundy's (NASDAQ:RNDY)
Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Sells 4,010 Shares of Discovery Communications, Inc. (DISCA)
Cleararc Capital Inc. Has $1.46 Million Stake in PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (PNC)
Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Sells 24,955 Shares of American Campus Communities Inc (NYSE:ACC)
ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) Position Held by Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc.
Asset Dedication LLC Sells 60 Shares of Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL)
Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. (CALM) Posts  Earnings Results
Garrison Capital Inc. (GARS) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Zacks: China Coal Energy Unspon  (NASDAQ:CCOZY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages
Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) CEO Sells $243,500.00 in Stock
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Cyan (NYSE:CYNI) Share Price
BWX Technologies, Inc. (BWXT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts
Canal Capital Management LLC Raises Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB)
Skylands Capital LLC Has $1.16 Million Stake in Franklin Financial Network, Inc. (FSB)
Skylands Capital LLC Has $674,000 Stake in Brunswick Corporation (BC)




 


Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Position Maintained by Leavell Investment Management Inc.

					Posted by Mitch Edgeman on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 




Leavell Investment Management Inc. maintained its position in  Ventas, Inc. (NYSE:VTR) during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 14,725 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Leavell Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in Ventas were worth $1,023,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Cribstone Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Ventas during the first quarter valued at about $123,000.  Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. increased its stake in  Ventas by 2.7% in the first quarter. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. now owns 2,436 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 65 shares in the last quarter.  Wagner Bowman Management Corp acquired a new stake in  Ventas during the first quarter worth $201,000.  Trust Co. of Virginia VA acquired a new stake in  Ventas during the first quarter worth $202,000.  Finally, Wetherby Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in  Ventas during the first quarter worth $207,000. 89.15% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Ventas Inc. alerts:



Ventas, Inc. (NYSE VTR) traded down 1.18% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $67.84. The company had a trading volume of 414,637 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $24.07 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 34.47 and a beta of 0.08. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $68.68 and its 200 day moving average is $64.78. Ventas, Inc. has a 12-month low of $56.20 and a 12-month high of $76.80. 




Ventas (NYSE:VTR) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.44 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.02 by $0.58. Ventas had a return on equity of 6.34% and a net margin of 20.10%. The firm had revenue of $883.44 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $873.56 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.04 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 3.7% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities research analysts expect that  Ventas, Inc. will post $1.81 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, June 6th were paid a dividend of $0.775 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Friday, June 2nd. This represents a $3.10 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.52%. Ventas’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 157.36%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first  published by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/24/leavell-investment-management-inc-has-1023000-stake-in-ventas-inc-vtr-updated.html. 
Several equities research analysts have recently commented on VTR shares. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group started coverage on shares of Ventas in a research note on Wednesday, June 21st. They issued a “hold” rating and a $67.00 target price on the stock. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $60.00 price target on shares of Ventas in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price target on Ventas from $61.00 to $64.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, May 1st. Mizuho  reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Ventas in a report on Wednesday, June 28th. Finally, BidaskClub raised Ventas from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and one  has assigned  a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $66.22.
In other news, Chairman Debra A. Cafaro sold 100,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, June 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.12, for a total transaction of $6,912,000.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 819,835 shares in the company, valued at $56,666,995.20. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own  1.30% of the company’s stock. 
Ventas Company Profile
Ventas, Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT) with its properties located throughout the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. The Company operates through three segments: triple-net leased properties, senior living operations and office operations. Under its triple-net leased properties segment, the Company invests in and owns seniors housing and healthcare properties throughout the United States and the United Kingdom and leases those properties to healthcare operating companies under triple-net or absolute-net leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses.







Receive News & Ratings for Ventas Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ventas Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website




























































﻿
































Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Position Maintained by Leavell Investment Management Inc. - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Ventas Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Ventas Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Unilife Corp (UNIS) versus Invuity (NASDAQ:IVTY) Critical Contrast
CenturyLink (CTL) & Shaw Communications (SJR) Head to Head Review
Analyzing NRG Yield (NYLD) and UNS Energy Corp (NYSE:UNS)
Roper Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:ROP) Position Held by Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc.
Page Arthur B Raises Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK)
Comparing Etsy (ETSY) and Roundy's (NASDAQ:RNDY)
Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Sells 4,010 Shares of Discovery Communications, Inc. (DISCA)
Cleararc Capital Inc. Has $1.46 Million Stake in PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (PNC)
Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Sells 24,955 Shares of American Campus Communities Inc (NYSE:ACC)
ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) Position Held by Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc.
Asset Dedication LLC Sells 60 Shares of Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL)
Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. (CALM) Posts  Earnings Results
Garrison Capital Inc. (GARS) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Zacks: China Coal Energy Unspon  (NASDAQ:CCOZY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages
Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) CEO Sells $243,500.00 in Stock
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Cyan (NYSE:CYNI) Share Price
BWX Technologies, Inc. (BWXT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts
Canal Capital Management LLC Raises Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB)
Skylands Capital LLC Has $1.16 Million Stake in Franklin Financial Network, Inc. (FSB)
Skylands Capital LLC Has $674,000 Stake in Brunswick Corporation (BC)




 


Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Position Maintained by Leavell Investment Management Inc.

					Posted by Mitch Edgeman on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 




Leavell Investment Management Inc. maintained its position in  Ventas, Inc. (NYSE:VTR) during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 14,725 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Leavell Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in Ventas were worth $1,023,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Cribstone Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Ventas during the first quarter valued at about $123,000.  Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. increased its stake in  Ventas by 2.7% in the first quarter. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. now owns 2,436 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 65 shares in the last quarter.  Wagner Bowman Management Corp acquired a new stake in  Ventas during the first quarter worth $201,000.  Trust Co. of Virginia VA acquired a new stake in  Ventas during the first quarter worth $202,000.  Finally, Wetherby Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in  Ventas during the first quarter worth $207,000. 89.15% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Ventas Inc. alerts:



Ventas, Inc. (NYSE VTR) traded down 1.18% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $67.84. The company had a trading volume of 414,637 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $24.07 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 34.47 and a beta of 0.08. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $68.68 and its 200 day moving average is $64.78. Ventas, Inc. has a 12-month low of $56.20 and a 12-month high of $76.80. 




Ventas (NYSE:VTR) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.44 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.02 by $0.58. Ventas had a return on equity of 6.34% and a net margin of 20.10%. The firm had revenue of $883.44 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $873.56 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.04 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 3.7% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities research analysts expect that  Ventas, Inc. will post $1.81 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, June 6th were paid a dividend of $0.775 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Friday, June 2nd. This represents a $3.10 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.52%. Ventas’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 157.36%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first  published by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/24/leavell-investment-management-inc-has-1023000-stake-in-ventas-inc-vtr-updated.html. 
Several equities research analysts have recently commented on VTR shares. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group started coverage on shares of Ventas in a research note on Wednesday, June 21st. They issued a “hold” rating and a $67.00 target price on the stock. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $60.00 price target on shares of Ventas in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price target on Ventas from $61.00 to $64.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, May 1st. Mizuho  reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Ventas in a report on Wednesday, June 28th. Finally, BidaskClub raised Ventas from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and one  has assigned  a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $66.22.
In other news, Chairman Debra A. Cafaro sold 100,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, June 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.12, for a total transaction of $6,912,000.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 819,835 shares in the company, valued at $56,666,995.20. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own  1.30% of the company’s stock. 
Ventas Company Profile
Ventas, Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT) with its properties located throughout the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. The Company operates through three segments: triple-net leased properties, senior living operations and office operations. Under its triple-net leased properties segment, the Company invests in and owns seniors housing and healthcare properties throughout the United States and the United Kingdom and leases those properties to healthcare operating companies under triple-net or absolute-net leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses.







Receive News & Ratings for Ventas Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ventas Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website






























































Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALXN) Shares Sold by Leavell Investment Management Inc































Home » 
Markets




Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALXN) Shares Sold by Leavell Investment Management Inc




				 24 July, 2017,  18:49 | Author: Terri Saunders			













Scorpio Tankers Inc now has $834.53 million valuation. Its revenue stood at 2.20% a year on average in the period of last five years. About shares traded. Matador Resources Co (NYSE:MTDR) has risen 11.95% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. Scorpio Tankers Inc. (NYSE:STNG) has declined 23.80% since July 24, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 4.75% the S&P500. Advantage Investment Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals during the fourth quarter valued at $101,000. During its last trading session, Stock traded with the total exchanged volume of 1.91 million shares. Proficio Capital Partners LLC now owns 177 shares with a value of $18,000.Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.is a biopharmaceutical company. The stock decreased 0.61% or $0.14 on July 21, reaching $22.97. About 436,424 shares traded. It has underperformed by 34.82% the S&P500.On the close of 07/21/2017 Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Alexion Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ALXN) traded down 0.04% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $124.89. Manning And Napier Ltd Limited Liability Company reported 1.32M shares or 1.06% of all its holdings. ALXN's profit will be $246.20M for 30.30 P/E if the $1.08 EPS becomes a reality. After $1.20 actual EPS reported by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -10.00% negative EPS growth.07/10/2017 - Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. had its " rating reiterated by analysts at Morgan Stanley. Therefore 68% are positive. Royal Bank Of Canada reaffirmed an "outperform" rating and set a $177.00 target price on shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Monday, March 27th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $116.32 per share, with a total value of $156,910,445.60. On Friday, July 29 the stock rating was maintained by Stifel Nicolaus with "Buy". Sandy Spring Savings Bank stated it has 0% of its portfolio in Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALXN) for 338 shares. Barclays Capital has "Equal Weight" rating and $205 target. FBR Capital has "Mkt Perform" rating and $130 target. (NASDAQ:ALXN) or 48,013 shares. TheStreet upgraded shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals from a "c" rating to a "b-" rating in a research report on Friday, July 14th. The rating was downgraded by BTIG Research to "Neutral" on Thursday, January 7. The firm has "Overweight" rating given on Tuesday, June 7 by Morgan Stanley.Investors sentiment is 1.07 in Q4 2016. Its the same as in 2016Q3. It is without change, as 59 investors sold ALXN shares while 167 reduced holdings. only 81 funds opened positions while 160 raised stakes. 215.83 million shares or 2.26% more from 211.05 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported.Alexion Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:ALXN) had an increase of 10.9% in short interest. (NASDAQ:ALXN) now have an ABR of 1.65.which is marked on a basic 1 to 5 scale, where 1 stands for a Strong Buy and 5 represents Strong Sell. Finally, Marshall Wace North America L.P. acquired a new position in shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals during the first quarter worth $65,219,000. It also upped Nestle S A Sponsored Adr (NSRGY) stake by 10,025 shares and now owns 42,306 shares. Eastern Bank & Trust invested in 0.02% or 2,000 shares. State Of Wisconsin Invest Board has 0.06% invested in Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALXN) for 27,160 shares. Advisors Lp Baker bought 1,348,955 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 14th.
Blue Apron Holdings (APRN) Is Now Covered By Goldman Sachs
					That said, RBC's Mark Mahaney believes the company is well-positioned to stay atop the "the nascent meal-kit delivery market". Today, Raymond James Financial, Inc. initiated coverage on Blue Apron Holdings (NASDAQ:APRN) with a Market Perform.
					03/30/2017 - Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. had its " rating reiterated by analysts at Instinet.A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Pruden Gary J had sold 16,299 shares worth $1.99M. Ycg Ltd invested 0.56% of its portfolio in Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ). (NASDAQ:ALXN). Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management owns 4,197 shares. Cim Mangement reported 5,433 shares stake.Since February 1, 2017, it had 0 insider buys, and 5 selling transactions for $14.98 million activity. BELL LEONARD had sold 246 shares worth $31,203 on Thursday, February 9. Shares for $1.78M were sold by Kapusta Ronald A on Tuesday, February 28. Healthcor Mgmt L P accumulated 1.81% or 261,140 shares. $20,739 worth of Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. $49,440 worth of stock was bought by FORRESTER JULIA P. on Monday, February 27.The stock increased 1.53% or $1.98 on July 21, reaching $131.79.Among 9 analysts covering Scorpio Tankers Inc. A buy opportunity is signaled when the security is considered to be oversold. Firm's net income measured an average growth rate of -2.30%. As per Friday, July 1, the company rating was upgraded by ABN Amro. The rating was initiated by Deutsche Bank on Tuesday, December 15 with "Hold". UBS maintained it with "Buy" rating and $144.0 target in Wednesday, October 19 report.06/22/2017 - Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. had its " rating reiterated by analysts at Leerink Swann. The stock of Scorpio Tankers Inc. Jefferies maintained Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) rating on Thursday, July 14.Tricadia Capital Management Llc decreased Danaher Corp Del (NYSE:DHR) stake by 50,000 shares to 200,000 valued at $15.57M in 2016Q4. It also reduced Spdr Gold Trust (GLD) stake by 38,185 shares and now owns 57,581 shares.

 

Recommended:









24 July 2017




Alliance Resource Partners, LP (NASDAQ:ARLP) Stake Lowered by Edmp Inc
				Sensient Technologies Corporation (NYSE:SXT)'s market cap, the total dollar value of all of their outstanding shares, is 3587.23m. Adams Asset Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Alliance Resource Partners, L.P.by 4.0% in the second quarter.			








24 July 2017




In Texas : Nine suspected migrants found dead in overheated truck
				In May, U.S Border Patrol found five migrants from Mexico and El Salvador in a refrigerated tractor trailer carrying watermelons. It was the latest smuggling-by-truck operation to end in tragedy. "So we were very fortunate that they were found".			






Pedro returns home after concussion in Arsenal win
				The league champions will face German champions Bayern Munich in their next pre-season match in Singapore on Tuesday. It is believed that Pedro hasn't flown back to London yet and is actually still in Beijing.			










24 July 2017




NASCAR's Earnhardt Jr. headed to NBC broadcast booth in 2018
				Earnhardt Jr.'s final NASCAR Cup Series race is set for November 19 at Homestead-Miami Speedway. Earnhardt, 42, will join a broadcast team that includes his former crew chief, Steve Letarte.			








24 July 2017




Turkish FM denies investigation claims on German firms
				Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu denied on Saturday claims that German firms in Turkey were under investigation.  But we can't allow ourselves to be blackmailed", Reuters cited him as saying.			








24 July 2017




Skipping breakfast blamed for woman's 200 gallbladder stones
				In a shocking incident, doctors have removed more than 200 gallstones from the body a 45-year-old woman in China. With these recipes tucked by your side you have no more reasons to skip breakfast anymore.			










24 July 2017




Scientists Offer New Evidence On The Majorana Fermion, The Particle Antiparticle
				All three materials feature some specific electrical properties which are governed by the limitation of quantum mechanics. However, what Zang and his team accomplished gave scientists a glimpse of a different side of the quasiparticle.			








24 July 2017




Ram Nath Kovind to take oath as 14th President of India today
				Former Bihar Governor Kovind won the presidential election with a comfortable margin against Opposition nominee Meira Kumar. The President-elect will come to the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan, escorted by the Military Secretary to the President.			








24 July 2017




Overcooked: Special Edition Arriving On The Nintendo Switch This Thursday
				So set a timer for 27th July, when Overcooked: Special Edition arrives on the Nintendo Switch eShop for £15.99 / $19.99 / €19,99.			










24 July 2017




Chelsea Winger Pedro Suffered Multiple Fractures in Collision with David Ospina
				The Spaniard collided with Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina , and suffered multiple fractures from the impact.  Pedro is expected to return to training the week after next and will need to wear a protective mask.			








24 July 2017




Plug Power, Inc. (PLUG) Receives "Sell" Rating from Roth Capital
				The company reported the earnings of $-0.13/Share in the last quarter where the estimated EPS by analysts was $-0.07/share. Finally, Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. boosted its stake in Plug Power by 51.8% in the first quarter.			








24 July 2017




New York Knicks: Derrick Rose, Cleveland Cavaliers Meeting on Monday
				Though he met with the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday, the former MVP is apparently leaning towards a deal with Cleveland. The Cavs' situation could be the best fit for Rose, 28, who is coming off his best season in five years.			





















Popular





Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp (ACRE) Analysts See $0.24 EPS

		Finally, KAMES CAPITAL plc raised its position in shares of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance by 0.5% in the first quarter. The average 1-year target price among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $18.00.  
		

Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (ARI) Downgraded by BidaskClub to "Hold"

		With 522,200 avg volume, 19 days are for Gildan Activewear Incorporated (NYSE:GIL)'s short sellers to cover GIL's short positions. The insider SUN ANTHONY sold $1.15M. $2.84 million worth of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) was sold by BRYANT ANDY D.  
		

Love Island 2017: Narrator Iain Stirling clashes with Piers Morgan

		As Piers pointed out that she wasn't denying it, Lorraine defiantly remarked: "No I was just pointing them out". The telly favourite jumped to the defence of the Love Island contestants after Piers branded them as "stupid".  
		

Thunderstorms, damaging winds to sweep across New Jersey, forecasters say

		Tuesday due to the threat of localized flooding because of slow-moving storms interacting with our high monsoon moisture. Additionally, there is a slight chance of coastal thunderstorms with lightning in both counties, according to the NWS.  
		

Jerry Jones reiterates support for Ezekiel Elliott

		While "war" might be a strong word, the message Jones is sending is pretty clear. Elliott was not arrested or questioned in connection to the case.  
		

Linkin Park Have Released A Statement Regarding The Death Of Chester Bennington

		BLINK 182 have cancelled their upcoming gigs in the wake of "friend and fantastic musician" Chester Bennington's suicide. News of Bennington's death came just hours after Linkin Park released its latest music video, "Talking to Myself".  
		

Dollar struggles near 13-month low as USA  political woes weigh — FOREX

		The pan-European STOXX 600 index was down 0.1 percent, after falling 1 percent on Friday as the strong euro weighed on earnings. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.5 percent to 26,8406.83 while the Shanghai Composite index gained 0.4 percent to 3,250.60.  
		

Trump lawyer says there's no pardon discussion

		Trump has inquired about the authority he has as president to pardon aides, relatives or even himself.  Sekulow also said there are no discussions about pardons among the president's private legal team.  
		

Man City top of Premier League for injury costs - JLT

		A study by insurance broker JLT Specialty has revealed that Premier League clubs paid injured players a total of £177 million during the 2016/17 season.  
		

Mercedes and Bosch reveal fully automated valet technology

		The vehicle can autonomously also drive up to the pick-up area where a customer can use smartphones to ask for their auto . The sensors for the multi-storey auto park infrastructure and the communications technology come from Bosch.  
		







 


Latest






Three funerals to take place in Donegal town following tragic Louth crash




Chelsea forward Pedro suffers suspected concussion in Arsenal friendly




Extreme events: United Kingdom  in high risk of unprecedented rainfall




Box Office Results: 'Dunkirk' opens to $50M as 'Valerian' struggles




Trump Tweeted He Has 'Complete Power To Pardon.' But Does He?




A hard fought match resulted in England's win




Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Shares Sold by First Midwest Bank Trust Division




Manhunt for armed suspect in national forest




Carrizo Oil & Gas Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (NASDAQ:CRZO)




Iran, Iraq take steps for closer military co-op







Tendencies






Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (CFG), TherapeuticsMD, Inc. (TXMD) — Investors Focused Movers




Abraxas Petroleum Corporation (NASDAQ:AXAS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows




Denbury Resources (DNR) Receiving Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Study Shows




Navios Maritime Partners LP (NMM) Analysts See $0.01 EPS




New Akzo Nobel boss in an all-too-familiar fight








 







 

Leavell Investment Management, Inc. | Wealthminder











































Leavell Investment Management, Inc.


Leavell Investment Management, Inc.
(CRD# 107890) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Mobile, AL.
They
manage $1,422,463,977 in 1,293 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 7 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Leavell Investment Management, Inc.




210 Saint Joseph Street,
Mobile,
AL
36602
251-433-3709
http://www.leavellinvestments.com




http://www.leavellinvestments.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,422
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1,293
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,100,127







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Pension consulting services
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AL, FL, GA, LA, MS, NC, TX






Financial Advisors at Leavell Investment Management, Inc.




Showing 1 - 10 of 19 top financial advisors.





1















Richard E. Anthony



CRD#:
4592145



800 Shades Creek Parkway, Suite 585,
Birmingham,
AL
35209




96

Wealthminder
score








Richard Anthony (CRD# 4592145) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Leavell Investment Management, Inc. in Birmingham, AL and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Harold F. Miller



CRD#:
2303204



800 Shades Creek Parkway, Suite 585,
Birmingham,
AL
35209




96

Wealthminder
score








Harold Miller (CRD# 2303204) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Leavell Investment Management, Inc. in Birmingham, AL and has 
over 24 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















William K. Nicrosi



CRD#:
3225136



210 Saint Joseph Street,
Mobile,
AL
36602




96

Wealthminder
score








William Nicrosi (CRD# 3225136) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Leavell Investment Management, Inc. in Mobile, AL and has 
over 18 years
of experience in the finance industry.
William Nicrosi has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






4















Eugene A. Grinstead



CRD#:
2785040



210 Saint Joseph Street,
Mobile,
AL
36602




93

Wealthminder
score








Eugene Grinstead (CRD# 2785040) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Leavell Investment Management, Inc. in Mobile, AL and has 
over 15 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Janet R. Hayes



CRD#:
2739602



210 St. Joseph Street,
Mobile,
AL
36602




93

Wealthminder
score








Janet Hayes (CRD# 2739602) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Leavell Investment Management, Inc. in Mobile, AL and has 
over 21 years
of experience in the finance industry.






6















Timothy S. Healey



CRD#:
2306714



800 Shades Creek Parkway, Suite 585,
Birmingham,
AL
35209




93

Wealthminder
score








Timothy Healey (CRD# 2306714) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Leavell Investment Management, Inc. in Birmingham, AL and has 
over 24 years
of experience in the finance industry.






7















Michael J. Hofto



CRD#:
1347940



210 Saint Joseph Street,
Mobile,
AL
36602




93

Wealthminder
score








Michael Hofto (CRD# 1347940) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Leavell Investment Management, Inc. in Mobile, AL and has 
over 9 years
of experience in the finance industry.






8















Mary S. Hope



CRD#:
4811732



210 St. Joseph Street,
Mobile,
AL
36602




93

Wealthminder
score








Mary Hope (CRD# 4811732) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Leavell Investment Management, Inc. in Mobile, AL and has 
over 13 years
of experience in the finance industry.






9















Thomas W. Leavell



CRD#:
2298076



210 St. Joseph Street,
Mobile,
AL
36602




93

Wealthminder
score








Thomas Leavell (CRD# 2298076) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Leavell Investment Management, Inc. in Mobile, AL and has 
over 24 years
of experience in the finance industry.






10















Tamara D. Morton



CRD#:
2182002



210 Saint Joseph Street,
Mobile,
AL
36602




93

Wealthminder
score








Tamara Morton (CRD# 2182002) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Leavell Investment Management, Inc. in Mobile, AL and has 
over 12 years
of experience in the finance industry.







1
2
... Next






Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














﻿






























Leavell Investment Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in J.M. Smucker Company (The) (NYSE:SJM) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for J.M. Smucker Company (The)
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor J.M. Smucker Company (The) with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Cohen Klingenstein LLC Continues to Hold Position in HP Inc. (HPQ)
Leavell Investment Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in J.M. Smucker Company (The) (NYSE:SJM)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $1.06 Million Position in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM)
Horan Capital Management Has $763,000 Stake in Walt Disney Company (The) (NYSE:DIS)
American Century Companies Inc. Sells 612,852 Shares of Oracle Corporation (ORCL)
Fortive Corporation (NYSE:FTV) Position Boosted by Trust Co. of Vermont
UnitedHealth Group Inc (NYSE:UNH) Shares Sold by Wedbush Securities Inc.
North Star Investment Management Corp. Has $4.41 Million Position in Cowen Group, Inc. (COWN)
Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Buys 300 Shares of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC)
Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Shares Sold by Wendell David Associates Inc.
Teleflex Incorporated (TFX) Position Decreased by Tealwood Asset Management Inc.
Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (IR) Stake Maintained by Cribstone Capital Management LLC
Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in Coherent, Inc. (COHR)
Interactive Demos For The HomeKit System Unveiled At Apple Stores
Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts
Nuvectra Corporation (NASDAQ:NVTR) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Owens Corning Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (OC)
Royal Bank Of Canada Reiterates Buy Rating for Coeur Mining, Inc. (NYSE:CDE)
Royal Bank Of Canada (NYSE:RY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Mercer Capital Advisers Inc. Lowers Position in Alphabet Inc. (GOOG)



 


Leavell Investment Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in J.M. Smucker Company (The) (NYSE:SJM)

					Posted by Brian Himes on Jul 18th, 2017 // No Comments 



Leavell Investment Management Inc. held its position in  J.M. Smucker Company (The) (NYSE:SJM) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 5,125 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Leavell Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in J.M. Smucker Company (The) were worth $606,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of SJM. Raymond James Trust N.A. boosted its stake in shares of  J.M. Smucker Company (The) by 7.7% in the first quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. now owns 8,962 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,175,000 after buying an additional 638 shares during the last quarter.  Cardinal Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of  J.M. Smucker Company (The) by 11.5% in the first quarter. Cardinal Capital Management Inc. now owns 99,665 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,064,000 after buying an additional 10,260 shares during the last quarter.  West Oak Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of  J.M. Smucker Company (The) by 17.4% in the first quarter. West Oak Capital LLC now owns 8,105 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,062,000 after buying an additional 1,200 shares during the last quarter.  Manning & Napier Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of  J.M. Smucker Company (The) by 8.5% in the first quarter. Manning & Napier Advisors LLC now owns 20,776 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,722,000 after buying an additional 1,620 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Rathbone Brothers plc boosted its stake in shares of  J.M. Smucker Company (The) by 5.8% in the first quarter. Rathbone Brothers plc now owns 6,568 shares of the company’s stock valued at $861,000 after buying an additional 362 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  75.14% of the company’s stock. 


 Get J.M. Smucker Company (The) alerts:



J.M. Smucker Company (SJM) opened at 118.57 on Tuesday. J.M. Smucker Company has a one year low of $114.31 and a one year high of $157.31. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $125.86 and a 200 day moving average of $130.98. The firm has a market cap of $13.45 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.25 and a beta of 0.62. 




J.M. Smucker Company (The) (NYSE:SJM) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, June 8th. The company reported $1.80 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.72 by $0.08. J.M. Smucker Company (The) had a net margin of 8.01% and a return on equity of 12.63%. The business had revenue of $1.78 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.77 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.19 earnings per share. J.M. Smucker Company (The)’s quarterly revenue was down 1.3% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities research analysts predict that  J.M. Smucker Company will post $7.98 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: “Leavell Investment Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in J.M. Smucker Company (The) (NYSE:SJM)” was first  posted by Stock Observer and is owned by of Stock Observer. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/18/leavell-investment-management-inc-continues-to-hold-stake-in-j-m-smucker-company-the-nysesjm.html. 
SJM has been the subject of several recent research reports. Sanford C. Bernstein cut shares of J.M. Smucker Company (The) from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and dropped their target price for the company from $147.00 to $130.00 in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of J.M. Smucker Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Credit Suisse Group  reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $120.00 target price (down previously from $126.00) on shares of J.M. Smucker Company (The) in a research report on Monday, July 3rd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Citigroup Inc. dropped their target price on shares of J.M. Smucker Company (The) from $161.00 to $155.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, Morgan Stanley cut shares of J.M. Smucker Company (The) from an “equal weight” rating to an “underweight” rating and dropped their target price for the company from $132.00 to $126.00 in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $133.80.
In related news, SVP Jill R. Penrose sold 550 shares of J.M. Smucker Company (The) stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $120.09, for a total transaction of $66,049.50. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 13,475 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,618,212.75. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, insider Steven Oakland sold 6,047 shares of J.M. Smucker Company (The) stock in a transaction on Thursday, June 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $122.00, for a total transaction of $737,734.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 47,667 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,815,374. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 16,030 shares of company stock valued at $1,948,195 in the last three months. 3.50% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
About J.M. Smucker Company (The)
The J. M. Smucker Company is a manufacturer and marketer of branded food and beverage products and pet food and pet snacks in North America. The Company’s segments include U.S. Retail Coffee, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods, U.S. Retail Pet Foods, and International and Foodservice. The Company’s U.S. retail market segments consist of the sale of branded food products to consumers through retail outlets in North America.







Receive News & Ratings for J.M. Smucker Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for J.M. Smucker Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Cohen Klingenstein LLC Continues to Hold Position in HP Inc. 





Leavell Investment Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in J.M. Smucker Company  





Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $1.06 Million Position in Whole Foods Market, Inc. 





Horan Capital Management Has $763,000 Stake in Walt Disney Company  





American Century Companies Inc. Sells 612,852 Shares of Oracle Corporation 





Fortive Corporation  Position Boosted by Trust Co. of Vermont






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 









































Leavell Investment Management Inc in Mobile, AL 36602 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Alabama
» Mobile
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Leavell Investment Management Inc













Leavell Investment Management Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





210 Saint Joseph St  Mobile, Alabama 36602


(251) 433-3709
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Leavell Investment Management Inc is located at the address 210 Saint Joseph St in Mobile, Alabama 36602.  They can be contacted via phone at (251) 433-3709 for pricing, hours and directions.  Leavell Investment Management Inc has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999.  .For more information contact Tara  Duncan, Portfolio Manager or  go to www.leavellinvestments.comLeavell Investment Management Inc provides Corporate Services, Investments, Private Banking to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Leavell Investment Management Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Leavell Investment Management Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Commodities
, Annuities
, Municipal Bonds
, Securities
, IRAs
, CDs
, Rollover Plans
, Family Policies
, Employee Benefits
, Retirement Plans



SERVICES


Retirement Planning
, Private Banking
, Wealth Management
, Banking
, Short Term Planning
, Investments
, Insurance
, Investment Planning
, Brokerage Services
, Corporate Services



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (251) 433-3709
Website: www.leavellinvestments.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 35
Exact Sales Volume: 1750000
Location Type: Headquarters
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


M One Investments Llc


3813 Austill Ln  Mobile, Alabama 36608




Partners Financial Group


3265 Mcrae Dr  Mobile, Alabama 36695




Axa Advisors


677 S University Blvd  Mobile, Alabama 36609




Legg Mason Inc


3800 Airport Blvd Ste 301 Ste 303 Mobile, Alabama 36608




Millennium Capital Management


532 Boulevard Park W  Mobile, Alabama 36609




CARE FINANCIAL


1120 Hillcrest Rd  Mobile, Alabama 36695





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Tara  Duncan
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



John M. Williams
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Michael C. Teel
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Richard M. Stimpson
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Timothy  Healey
VICE PRESIDENT
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Holly  Alves
CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Janet  Hayes
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Leigh D. Morton
TRADING COORDINATOR
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Richard  Anthony
VICE PRESIDENT AND PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Anne  Mcgavin
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Lauri  Bryant
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Rhonda  Potts
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Harold F. Miller
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Jacoba  Brown
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Thomas W. Leavell
PRESIDENT
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Vivian  Tucker
PORTFOLIO MANAGER, ACCOUNTING
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Angie  Deese
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Glenda  Westover
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



Mary Shannon Hope
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (251) 433-3709 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM


















Leavell Investment Management Lifted Servisfirst Bancshares Com (SFBS) Holding; Alkermes PLC Has 0.91 Sentiment - Money Making Articles Hot Stuff






 


















 





















 




































All News
Business
Tech

Tech
Finance
About
Contributors
Contacts




Today's Date:  Tuesday, July 25th, 2017
						

Welcome, visitor.   [  / Log in ]

							 

						





Leavell Investment Management Lifted Servisfirst Bancshares Com (SFBS) Holding; Alkermes PLC Has 0.91 Sentiment


					
						July 19, 2017 - By Dolores Ford

Leavell Investment Management Inc increased Servisfirst Bancshares Com (SFBS) stake by 97.11% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Leavell Investment Management Inc acquired 36,527 shares as Servisfirst Bancshares Com (SFBS)’s stock declined 16.77%. The Leavell Investment Management Inc holds 74,140 shares with $2.78 million value, up from 37,613 last quarter. Servisfirst Bancshares Com now has $1.91B valuation. The stock increased 0.08% or $0.03 during the last trading session, reaching $36.09. About shares traded. ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:SFBS) has risen 42.22% since July 19, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 25.52% the S&P500.







Alkermes plc is a biopharmaceutical company. The company has market cap of $9.01 billion. The Firm is engaged in the researching, developing and commercializing pharmaceutical products that are designed to address medical needs of patients in therapeutic areas. It currently has negative earnings. The Firm has a portfolio of marketed drug products and a clinical pipeline of products that address central nervous system disorders, such as schizophrenia, depression, addiction and multiple sclerosis (MS).
Ratings analysis reveals 100% of Alkermes’s analysts are positive. Out of 3 Wall Street analysts rating Alkermes, 3 give it “Buy”, 0 “Sell” rating, while 0 recommend “Hold”. The lowest target is $70.0 while the high is $70.0. The stock’s average target of $70 is 20.67% above today’s ($58.01) share price. ALKS was included in 3 notes of analysts from October 21, 2016. On Friday, October 21 the stock rating was upgraded by JP Morgan to “Overweight”. Leerink Swann maintained it with “Outperform” rating and $70.0 target in Friday, October 21 report. The stock has “Buy” rating by Jefferies on Friday, October 21.
The stock decreased 2.77% or $1.65 during the last trading session, reaching $58.01. About shares traded. Alkermes Plc (ALKS) has risen 47.50% since July 19, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 30.80% the S&P500.
Analysts await Alkermes Plc (NASDAQ:ALKS) to report earnings on July, 27. They expect $-0.26 earnings per share, down 44.44% or $0.08 from last year’s $-0.18 per share. After $-0.31 actual earnings per share reported by Alkermes Plc for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -16.13% EPS growth. 
Meditor Group Ltd holds 14.14% of its portfolio in Alkermes Plc for 1.03 million shares. Opus Point Partners Management Llc owns 82,296 shares or 3.64% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Camber Capital Management Llc has 2.89% invested in the company for 1.00 million shares. The New York-based Roanoke Asset Management Corp Ny has invested 1.77% in the stock. First Light Asset Management Llc, a Minnesota-based fund reported 60,533 shares.
Leavell Investment Management Inc decreased Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX) stake by 6,876 shares to 4,118 valued at $229,000 in 2016Q4. It also reduced Vanguard Bd Index Fd Short Trm (BSV) stake by 10,488 shares and now owns 284,785 shares. Alphabet Inc Cap Stk Cl C was reduced too. 

 - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.







By Dolores Ford


  

 



 
 
Free Email Newsletter
Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







  Recent Posts 

Analysts See $-0.26 EPS for Liberty Media – Series C Liberty Formula One (FWONK), Patrick Industries (PATK) Sellers Increased By 5.61% Their Shorts


First Houston Capital Has Decreased By $333,700 Its Moodys (MCO) Position, Profile of 14 Analysts Covering Ambarella (AMBA)


Markel (MKL) Reaches $1023.36 High on Jul, 25; Blue Ridge Capital Has Decreased By $31.28 Million Its Grace W R & Co Del New (GRA) Stake


Cable One (CABO) Touches $751.98 High on Jul, 25; Old Mutual Global Index Trackers LTD Upped By $428,400 Its Nextera Energy (NEE) Stake


HCP (HCP) Stock “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies; The Price Target Given is $33.0000; Vident Investment Advisory Cut Microsoft (MSFT) Position


HP (HPQ) Reaches $19.52 52-Week High; Bank Of Nova Scotia Has Boosted By $12.01 Million Its Union Pac (UNP) Stake


Professional Analysts at JMP Securities Didn’t Change their Market Outperform rating for Moelis \u0026 Co (MC). The Target is $44, Ovascience (OVAS) Shorts Up By 5.41%


Green Street Investors Has Cut Equity Residential (EQR) Stake; Outfront Media (OUT) Shorts Raised By 14.31%


Athabasca Oil (ATH) Analysts See $1.06 EPS, Shorts at OVERSTOCK.COM (OSTK) Raised By 6%


Pathstone Family Office Has Cut On Assignment (ASGN) Holding, Card Factory PLC (LON:CARD) Had 3 Bulls


  








© Copyright 2016 MMAHotStuff - mmahotstuff.com - All Rights Reserved. -  About - Editorial - Contact














            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell



            
Lists*Consumer Eagle



>

	  


























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Institutional home



















































Vanguard - DC Small/Mid Services: Our approach                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined ContributionSmall/Mid plans (startup to $20M+)








 Our approach 
 Sponsor support 
 Participant experience 
 Plan administration 
 Advisor and TPA support 
 Plan Advisor Resource Center








Select Our approachAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Participant experienceAll  

Plan administrationAll  

Advisor and TPA supportAll  

Plan Advisor Resource CenterAll  










Our approach

Leaders of small and mid-sized businesses have multiple roles and competing priorities. You want a best-in-class retirement plan but may be unsure about all the complexities and requirements. You may be uncertain about the costs and fees involved. You need a provider focused solely on retirement and aligned with your needs and goals—and fully committed to you, your participants, and the ongoing improvement of retirement investing.

Vanguard is committed to the retirement business and is a leader in the retirement plan industry. Best of all, you can benefit from Vanguard's unique ownership structure: We're owned by our clients and not by outside investors or stockholders. That means you never need to question whose interests come first for us. This approach serves as a foundation for all that we do with Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™, our 401(k) offer for small and mid-sized plans. You can count on our expertise to remove the uncertainties from managing your plan and our leadership to help you offer a strong plan for your participants. 



Key benefits




You can:

Have confidence in your plan.
Understand your costs.
Focus on your business.





Cost-conscious?
As a business owner and plan fiduciary, you want to eliminate ambiguity in retirement plan costs. Research has shown that plan costs for the smaller end of the market tend to be higher, and you need a retirement plan provider that not only provides transparent pricing but has a fair and reasonable cost structure.1
With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access:

You receive an All-in Fee Report that shows the total cost of your plan.
You have access to low-cost Vanguard index funds, plus the opportunity to choose from among more than 12,000 non-Vanguard funds.
Your annual recordkeeping price is based on a per-participant fee—a fee that doesn't jump as your assets grow, as with many small to mid-sized retirement plans.
You have flexibility in how you cover your plan costs—including a recordkeeping credit depending on the share class selected.




Too busy?
 As a business owner, you're pressed for time and focused on many aspects of business. With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access, you can rely on high-quality recordkeeping and administration to ease your administrative burden and help your employees stay on track for retirement.


1 Source: Investment Company Institute, 2014. 

















Contact us
  888-684-401K
  Email






Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
 We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.

Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart
















Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
            We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.


Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart




































































































Insights from Vanguard™

































 






































 
























Vanguard - Nonprofit services: Advisory services                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Nonprofit








 Understanding your needs 
 Advisory services 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Nonprofit resource center








Select Understanding your needsAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Nonprofit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many organizations like yours find it challenging to oversee their portfolio while also managing the day-to-day responsibilities of running their endowment, foundation, or charitable organization. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers nonprofits the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind. VIAS strives to:

Understand your organization's mission, spending needs, and unique situation and offer sophisticated, unbiased advice.
Develop a low-cost portfolio customized to your organization's needs.
Relieve your staff of many of the day-to-day burdens of investment program management.

OCIO: One service, many names


One approach nonprofits are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Investing and advising
Optimizing your portfolio to meet your long-term investment objectives requires time and skill. VIAS helps you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your investments are diversified, risk-appropriate, and aligned with your overall strategy.
Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset allocation analysis that uses a distinct, proprietary model to deliver solutions based on your portfolio needs.
Investment policy consulting designed to meet the unique investment goals of your organization.
Customized product selection that focuses on low-cost index and active investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insights into your portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Steadfast commitment to risk management and process excellence through ongoing portfolio monitoring and rebalancing.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness.





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. 

















Contact us
  888-888-7064
  Email







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 











Contact us
  888-888-7064
  E-mail







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 





































Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Contact Us | BNY Mellon Wealth Management





      Contact      Get in touch with one of our professionals.   







 





Your Info
Summary





















Wealth Management Inquiries




General Inquiries
To speak with a wealth management professional, call 866-804-5023. 

Client Access or Support
For help accessing Private Workbench, call 866-829-4073. 

Check Verifications
For banking inquiries, call 866-636-0540. 



Office Locations
BNY Mellon Wealth Management works with individuals, families and institutions wherever they are located. View our list of office locations. 
















Other Inquiries





Careers at BNY Mellon


View Job Opportunities



Employee Directory


Contact an Employee



Check Verifications










Family Office Investment Solutions


View Our Capabilities







Planned Giving Programs


View Our Capabilities



Endowments & Foundations


View Our Capabilities








  












Discover  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



        Discover How we successfully manage wealth and the types of clients we serve.     
      Who We Serve      Customized plans and services for individuals, families, advisors and institutions   



Individuals & Families
We specialize in meeting the complex investment and banking needs of wealthy individuals and their families.
Learn More



Advisors to Individuals & Families
We offer a collaborative approach and customized solutions for our clients' other professional and financial advisors.
Learn More



Family Offices
Among the first of its kind in the nation, our Family Office services feature industry-leading resources and expertise for family offices and their financial interests.
Learn More



Non-Profits
We offer a full range of investment, custody, and reporting services tailored specifically to the needs of non-profits nationwide.
Learn More



      Capabilities      Deep expertise across a wide range of wealth management services           Asset Servicing & Information Management       Asset Servicing & Information Management  As the world’s largest asset servicing provider, we make sure that your assets and information are secure through our full range of custody, administration, and reporting services.  Learn more         Credit & Lending Services       Credit & Lending Services  As the oldest U.S. private bank, we have extensive experience in credit and lending–and in the strategies that make them effective components of your wealth plan.  Learn more         Donor Advised Funds       Donor Advised Funds  We have a distinct team dedicated to the needs of donor advised fund sponsor organizations and individual donors.  Learn more         Endowment & Foundation Services       Endowment & Foundation Services  We have an experienced team dedicated exclusively to the needs of Endowments and Foundations.  Learn more         Escrow Services       Escrow Services  Escrow arrangements offer a perfect solution when you and another party require property such as cash, securities, real estate or insurance policies, to be held by a third party until certain conditions are met.  Learn more         Family Office Investment Solutions       Family Office Investment Solutions  The Family Office investment platform focuses on delivery of custom solutions constructed around each client’s unique liquidity, cash flow, tax, risk and return requirements.  Learn more         Fiduciary Services       Fiduciary Services  One of the largest banks in the world and the creator of the nation’s first trust, we are unrivaled in fiduciary experience.  Learn more         Investment Management       Investment Management  Our investment management services are dedicated exclusively to the needs of private clients.  Learn more         Jumbo Mortgages       Jumbo Mortgages  As a jumbo mortgage lender of primary and vacation homes nationwide, we have unrivaled expertise in creating and managing solutions to meet the needs of our private clients.  Learn more         Philanthropy       Philanthropy  With BNY Mellon, your charitable gifts not only serve recipients well, but also remained aligned with your strategic, philanthropic and financial goals.  Learn more         Planned Giving Services       Planned Giving Services  For more than 20 years, we have served non-profit organizations with comprehensive gift management services, tailored investment management solutions, and donor and organizational support.  Learn more         Private Banking       Private Banking  From checking, savings and online banking to sophisticated financing strategies, we respond to the evolving needs of our clients with customized solutions and personalized service.  Learn more         Self-Directed Investment Services       Self-Directed Investment Services  Our Cash Management Access Account (CMAA) combines our banking capabilities with our brokerage services in one streamlined solution.   Learn more         Wealth & Estate Planning       Wealth & Estate Planning  When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved.   Learn more       
      Contact Us Want to know more about BNY Mellon Wealth Management?  Fill in the quick contact form and we’ll connect you with the right person to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 












Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














Leavell investment management






Web Results



Leavell Investment Management

www.leavellinvestments.com
Leavell Investment Management - Trusted investment Solution Since 1979.



OUR PEOPLE | Leavell Investment Management

www.leavellinvestments.com/our-people
Leavell Investment Management - 
Trusted investment Solution Since 1979.



ABOUT THE COMPANY | Leavell Investment Management

www.leavellinvestments.com/about
Leavell Investment Management - 
Trusted investment Solution Since 1979.




More Results »



What is investment management?





Investment Management - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/i/investment-management.asp
Investment management can also include banking and budgeting duties, as well 
as taxes. But the term most often refers to portfolio management and the trading ...



Investment management - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Investment_management
Investment management is the professional asset management of various 
securities and other assets (e.g., real estate) in order to meet specified 
investment ...



What Is Investment Management? A Primer - Forbes

www.forbes.com/sites/mitchelltuchman/2013/07/05/what-is-investment-management-a-primer
Jul 5, 2013 ... what is investment management Once you begin to save up a little money, the 
next step is to figure out how to invest it. There's a strong case to ...




More Results »



How to get into investment management with no experience?





How to Break Into Finance with a Low GPA, No Finance Experience ...

www.mergersandinquisitions.com/finance-low-gpa-no-experience-non-target-school
He got into finance with poor grades, no finance experience, and did it .... a bank 
or asset management firm at this stage if you have no relevant work experience.



How to get a job in asset management - eFinancialCareers

news.efinancialcareers.com/us-en/185977/get-entry-level-job-asset-management
Oct 3, 2014 ... How to get an entry level job in asset management ... Asset managers broadly fall 
into two camps: 'active' fund managers and 'passive' fund ... We are competing 
against the market every day and outperformance is not easy.”.



Breaking In: Entry-Level Positions in Investment Management|Vault ...

www.vault.com/blog/in-the-black-vaults-finance-careers-blog/breaking-in-entry-level-positions-in-investment-management
Mar 10, 2009 ... ... entry-level positions into the investment management industry. ... often require 
some number of years of experience (at least, the ads will say that). ... understand 
that most people do not enter the buyside straight from their ...




More Results »



Leavell investment management







1


2


3


4


5


Next




















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC




















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































