




Carl P. LeBel - Former Executive Director-Program Management at Amgen, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Carl P. LeBel
Former Executive Director-Program Management at Amgen, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Memberships Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Investments Public Holdings Transactions 


Carl P. LeBel
Former Executive Director-Program Management at Amgen, Inc.



 Overview



Age



58
                                  (Born 1959)
                                              




Notable Companies


Amgen, Inc.

NuRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Akesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,010 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




GlobeNewswire
November 30, 2016





                        Otonomy Appoints Kathie M. Bishop, Ph.D., as Chief Scientific Officer                    





Crain's Detroit Business
August 22, 2016





                        Ash Stevens CEO: Sale 'good fit' for company's further growth                     







 Relationships
              See Details




Harin Padma-Nathan

President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at NuRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Roshantha A. Chandraratna

Founder at Io Therapeutics, Inc.





Sharyar E. Baradaran

Founder at Baradaran Ventures




Matthew W. Evans

Former Chief Executive Officer at NuRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.





Marvin E. Rosenthale

Director at Medinox, Inc.




Craig Alan Davis

Former Chief Executive Officer at NuRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.





Evan M. Levine

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Probility Media Corp.




Parkash Gill

Director at VasGene Therapeutics, Inc.





Matthew Borenzweig

Former Vice President-US Endovascular Sales at Medtronic CardioVascular




Teresa Fackrell

Former Secretary & Treasurer at Quest Group International, Inc.







See 1,000 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,000 More 


 


 Paths to Carl P. LeBel



            Carl P. LeBel          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Carl P. LeBel






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Carl P. LeBel.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


University of Detroit Mercy

                  The University of Detroit Mercy, a Catholic university in the Jesuit and Mercy traditions, exists to provide excellent, student-centered, undergraduate and graduate education in an urban context. A UDM education seeks to integrate the intellectual, spiritual, ethical, and social development of our students.                




 


Northeastern University

                  Founded in 1898, Northeastern University is a private research university located in the heart of Boston. Northeastern is a leader in worldwide experiential learning, urban engagement, and interdisciplinary research that meets global and societal needs. Our broad mix of experience-based education programs—our signature cooperative education program, as well as student research, service learning, and global learning—build the connections that enable students to transform their lives. The University offers a comprehensive range of undergraduate and graduate programs leading to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Northeastern University's accreditation information                





 Memberships



Member

                  Current                


Society of Toxicology

                  TO PROMOTE THE ACQUISITION AND UTILIZATION OF KNOWLEDGE IN TOXICOLOGY AND TO FACILITATE THE EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION AMONG ITS MEMBERS AS WELL AS AMONG INVESTIGATORS OF OTHER SCIENTIFIC DISCIPLINES.                




Member

                  Current                


The Association for Research in Otolaryngology






Member

                  Prior                


American Association for the Advancement of Science

                  The American Association for the Advancement of Science provides science related journal, program, and education services. The firm also promotes the responsible use of science in public policy. The company was founded in 1848 and is headquartered in Washington, DC.                





 Career History



Chief Scientific Officer

                                    2009 - 2016                


Otonomy, Inc.


                  Otonomy, Inc. engages in the research, development, and manufacture of biopharmaceutical products. The firm's portfolio includes therapeutics for diseases and disorders of the ear such as otitis media, acute otitis externa, balance disorders, Ménière's disease, tinnitus, cisplatin-induced hearing loss, and sensorineural hearing loss. It operates under the Otiprio brand. The company was founded by Jay B. Lichter, Jeffrey Harris, Rick Friedman, and Allen F. Ryan in April 2008 and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.                




Executive Chairman

                                    2008 - 2010                


NuRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                  NuRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. manufactures pharmaceutical products. It engages in treatment of cancer, chemotherapy associated neutropenia, bone marrow function, bone metabolism and lipid metabolism. The company was founded on August 14, 2001 and is headquartered in Irvine, CA.                




President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    2007 - Prior                


Akesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                  Akesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops and commercializes advanced therapeutics for metabolic disorder diseases such as diabetes, obesity and dyslipidemia. Akesis Pharmaceuticals was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in La Jolla, CA.                




Executive Director-Program Management

                                    1993 - 2003                


Amgen, Inc.


                  Amgen, Inc. is a biotechnology medicines company, which discovers, develops, manufactures and markets medicines for grievous illnesses. The company focuses on human therapeutics and concentrates on innovating novel medicines based on advances in cellular and molecular biology. It markets recombinant protein therapeutics in supportive cancer care, nephrology and inflammation. The company's products include Neulasta, a pegylated protein, based on the Filgrastim molecule and NEUPOGEN, a recombinant-methionyl human granulocyte colony stimulating factor both of which selectively stimulate the production of neutrophils; Enbrel, an inhibitor of tumor necrosis factor, a substance that plays a role in the body's response to inflammatory diseases; Sensipar/Mimpara, a small molecule calcimimetic that lowers serum calcium levels; Vectibix, a monoclonal antibody that binds specifically to the epidermal growth factor receptor; and Nplate, a thrombopoietin receptor agonist that mimics endogenous TPO, the primary driver of platelet production. Amgen was founded by William K. Bowes, Jr., Franklin Pitcher Johnson, Jr., George B. Rathmann and Joseph Rubinfeld on April 8, 1980 and is headquartered in Thousand Oaks, CA.                




Consultant-Life Sciences Division

                                    Prior                


Arthur D. Little, Inc.


                  Arthur D. Little, Inc. provides management consulting services. It specializes in strategy and organization, operations management, technology and innovation management, corporate finance, and global carbon advisory serving corporations and organizations worldwide. The firm serves the automotive, healthcare, information, chemicals, consumer goods, retail, manufacturing, and transportation industries. The company was founded by Arthur Dehon Little and Roger Griffin in October 1886 and is headquartered in Boston, MA.                




Senior Scientist

                                    Prior                


Alkermes, Inc.


                  Alkermes, Inc. develops and manufactures pharmaceutical products. It offers Risperdal Consta, atypical antipsychotic medication approved for use in schizophrenia and Vivitrol, being developed as a once-monthly injection for the treatment of alcohol dependence. The company was founded by Michael Wall, Floyd Bloom, Frederick W. K. Brown, Paul Schimmel, and Alexander Rich on July 13, 1988 and is headquartered in Waltham, MA.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    Current                  


Ash Stevens, Inc.

                    Ash Stevens, Inc. provides contract research services. It develops drug substances and manufactures active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs). The company was founded by Arthur Ash and Calvin L. Stevens in 1962 and is headquartered in Riverview, MI.                  




Executive Chairman of the Board

                    2008 - 2010                  


NuRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                    NuRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. manufactures pharmaceutical products. It engages in treatment of cancer, chemotherapy associated neutropenia, bone marrow function, bone metabolism and lipid metabolism. The company was founded on August 14, 2001 and is headquartered in Irvine, CA.                  





 Political Donations



$250

                  2012                


Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee


                  The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) is the official campaign arm of the Democrats in the House. The DCCC is the only political committee in the country whose principal mission is to support Democratic House candidates every step of the way.                




$1,000

                  2008                


Barack Obama


                  Former President of United States                




$500

                  2004                


John Kerry


                  Former Senator from Massachusetts                





 Investments



 Details Hidden


Otonomy, Inc.

                  Otonomy, Inc. engages in the research, development, and manufacture of biopharmaceutical products. The firm's portfolio includes therapeutics for diseases and disorders of the ear such as otitis media, acute otitis externa, balance disorders, Ménière's disease, tinnitus, cisplatin-induced hearing loss, and sensorineural hearing loss. It operates under the Otiprio brand. The company was founded by Jay B. Lichter, Jeffrey Harris, Rick Friedman, and Allen F. Ryan in April 2008 and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Otonomy, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Otonomy, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Carl P. LeBel is affiliated with
                            Otonomy, Inc., NuRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Akesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Amgen, Inc., Arthur D. Little, Inc., Alkermes, Inc., Ash Stevens, Inc., NuRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤



















Carl Philip Lebel - Malibu, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Carl Philip Lebel in Malibu, CA


Carl Philip Lebel

                                                                           Intelius found that Carl Philip Lebel  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Malibu, CA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Carl L Lebel
Carl E Lebel


Get Report Now

Age

Carl Philip Lebel is in his 50s

Carl Has Lived In

Malibu, CA
Winchester, MA
Moorpark, CA

Carl's Relatives

Elena Lebel
Mark Lebel
Norman Lebel
Constance Lebel







Carl Philip Lebel



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Scientific Officer at Otonomy , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Carl? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Carl, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Carl Philip Lebel
Get a Criminal Check on Carl Philip Lebel
Get a Public Record Report on Carl Philip Lebel
Get a People Search Report on Carl Philip Lebel


Carl Philip Lebel's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Carl Philip Lebel has lived as well as Carl Philip Lebel's phone numbers and email addresses.




Carl Philip Lebel Has Lived in 4 States
California Address for Carl Philip Lebel


23256 M******* D* O** S* 

Malibu, CA


Has Lived In

Malibu, CA
Winchester, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Carl Philip Lebel

(310) ***-**** - Malibu, CA 
(805) ***-**** - Moorpark, CA 
(857) ***-**** - Boston, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Carl Philip Lebel



Get Email Report




Carl Philip Lebel's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Carl Philip Lebel's academic history.  Find out which schools Carl Philip Lebel attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Carl Philip Lebel received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Carl Philip Lebel Has Attended 9 Schools
University of California, Irvine - College of Medicine 1989 – 1990               Carl Philip Lebel has a Postdoctoral Fellowship in Molecular Neurotoxicology               
University of California, Irvine - College of Medicine               1989 – 1990               Carl Philip Lebel has a Postdoctoral Fellowship, in Molecular Neurotoxicology               
University of California, Irvine - College of Medicine               1989 – 1990               Carl Philip Lebel has a Postdoctoral Fellowship, Molecular Neurotoxicology in Molecular Neurotoxicology               
Northeastern University               1984 – 1989               Carl Philip Lebel has a PhD in Biomedical Sciences/toxicology               
Northeastern University               1984 – 1989               Carl Philip Lebel has a Phd, in Biomedical Sciences/toxicology               
Northeastern University               1984 – 1989               Carl Philip Lebel has a Phd, Biomedical Sciences/toxicology in Biomedical Sciences/toxicology               
University of Detroit Mercy               1976 – 1980               Carl Philip Lebel has a Bs in Chemistry               
University of Detroit Mercy               1976 – 1980               Carl Philip Lebel has a Bs, in Chemistry               
University of Detroit Mercy               1976 – 1980               Carl Philip Lebel has a Bs, Chemistry in Chemistry               


Carl Philip Lebel's Professional Information
Information regarding Carl Philip Lebel's professional history.  Find out previous places Carl Philip Lebel has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Carl Philip Lebel Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: Otonomy , Inc.
               Title: Chief Scientific Officer
Company: Akesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
               Title: President & CEO
Carl Philip Lebel's Experience
Title: Chief Scientific Officer
               Company: Otonomy , Inc.
Job Details
               Otonomy is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative therapeutics for diseases and disorders of the ear. OTIPRIO (ciprofloxacin otic suspension) is approved in the United States for use during tympanostomy tube placement surgery in pediatric patients, and commercial launch commenced in March 2016. OTO-104 is a steroid in development for the treatment of Ménière's disease and other severe balance and hearing disorders. Two Phase 3 trials in Ménière's disease patients are underway, with results expected during the second half of 2017. OTO-311 is an NMDA receptor antagonist for the treatment of tinnitus that is in a Phase 1 clinical safety trial. Otonomy's proprietary formulation technology utilizes a thermosensitive gel and drug microparticles to enable single dose treatment by a physician.
Title: President & CEO
               Company: Akesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Job Details
               Akesis Pharmaceuticals has a pipeline of innovative oral product candidates for the treatment of diabetes and related metabolic disorders. These product candidates are supported by issued and filed U.S. patents for both prescription and over-the-counter treatments that combine anti-diabetic trace minerals with certain classes of diabetes oral agents. Akesis' product candidates have demonstrated preliminary evidence of efficacy in lowering and controlling blood glucose levels in patients with Type 2 diabetes. Blood sugar control via oral drugs represents a market opportunity in the billions of dollars, as reports indicate that approximately 20 million people suffer from diabetes in the United States alone.
Additional Professional Information on Carl Philip Lebel

 See Carl Philip Lebel's LinkedIn Profile



Carl Philip Lebel's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Carl Philip Lebel


Carl Philip Lebel's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Carl Philip Lebel's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Carl Lebel
Username Matches

                  CarlLebel
                  LebelCarl
                  Carl.Lebel
                  Lebel.Carl
                  Carl_Lebel
                  Lebel_Carl
                  Carl-Lebel
                  Lebel-Carl
                  CLebel
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Lebel







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











    ZoomInfo Page Not Found




Executive Team - Otonomy






















































							Targeted Medicines for the Ear						



Home
Careers
Contact
 









About

Our Story
Management Team
Board of Directors













 David A. Weber, Ph.D.Chief Executive Officer, President and Board Member
David A. Weber, Ph.D. has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and on our board of directors since November 2010. Prior to joining us, Dr. Weber served from February 2004 to April 2010 as the Chief Executive Officer of MacuSight, Inc., a developer of a sustained delivery formulation of sirolimus for the treatment of severe ophthalmic diseases. Prior to MacuSight, Dr. Weber served as acting Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President of Oculex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of intraocular pharmaceuticals and drug delivery systems, until its acquisition by Allergan in 2003. Dr. Weber has also held management positions with Oral-B Laboratories, a developer and manufacturer of oral hygiene products, and with Procter & Gamble, Co., a consumer products company. Dr. Weber received his Ph.D. in medical microbiology from Creighton University and his Master’s and Bachelor’s degrees in biological sciences from Wichita State University. Kathie M. Bishop, Ph.D.Chief Scientific Officer
Kathie M. Bishop, Ph.D., was appointed as our Chief Scientific Officer in November 2016 and joined the company beginning in January 2017. Dr. Bishop is a neuroscientist with more than fifteen years of pharmaceutical development experience. Prior to Otonomy she served as Chief Scientific Officer of Tioga Pharmaceuticals from May 2015 to November 2016. From September 2009 to April 2015, she served in various product development management roles at Ionis Pharmaceuticals including Vice President, Clinical Development. At Ionis, she led translational research and development of multiple preclinical and clinical programs in the neurology franchise including SPINRAZA™ (nusinersen), a treatment for patients with spinal muscular atrophy that is awaiting regulatory approval. From August 2001 to September 2009, Dr. Bishop served in research and development leadership roles at Ceregene, a company focused on the development of gene therapy products for the treatment of neurodegenerative disorders and retinal diseases. From September 1997 to July 2001, she worked as a post-doctoral fellow in the Molecular Neurobiology Lab at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies. Dr. Bishop obtained a Ph.D. in Neuroscience from the University of Alberta and Bachelor’s degrees in Cell Biology and Genetics from the University of British Columbia and Psychology from Simon Fraser University. Paul E. CayerChief Financial & Business Officer
Paul E. Cayer has served as our Chief Business Officer since October 2008 and Chief Financial Officer since October 2010. Mr. Cayer brings more than 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical, medical device and healthcare technology field. Prior to joining our company, Mr. Cayer served from 2005 to 2008 as Senior Vice President, Corporate Development for Verus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the treatment of allergic and respiratory disorders in children. From 2001 to 2005, Mr. Cayer served as the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Business Development of Targeted Molecules Corporation, a biopharmaceutical company. Mr. Cayer has also held various management positions with Gensia Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, Acuson, a provider of medical ultrasound systems, Castle & Cooke, a consumer products company, and served as consultant with Booz-Allen & Hamilton, a management and technology consulting firm. Mr. Cayer received his MBA and Bachelor’s degree in biomechanical engineering from Harvard University. Dean Hakanson, M.D.Chief Medical Officer
Dean Hakanson, M.D. has served as our Chief Medical Officer since April 2015. From May 2010 to March 2015, Dr. Hakanson served as Vice President and Head of Health Economics and Outcomes Research for U.S. Medical and Regulatory Affairs, and from July 2009 to May 2010 as Vice President and Medical Head of the Western U.S. Operating Unit, for Novartis AG, a pharmaceutical company. From January 2008 to July 2009, Dr. Hakanson served as Vice President of Healthcare Access for Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, a manufacturer of prescription pharmaceuticals. From June 2005 to January 2008, Dr. Hakanson served as Head of Value-Based Health Care/Payer Field Team for Genentech, Inc., a biotechnology corporation which is now a division of F. Hoffman-La Roche AG. From 1998 to 2005, he held various positions at GlaxoSmithKline plc, a pharmaceutical and consumer healthcare company, which included Vice President, Medical Affairs Commercial Operations and Vice President of Managed Markets, National Accounts. Earlier in his career he practiced clinical medicine in critical care at John C. Lincoln IDS and Tenet Healthcare Corporation. He is also a Fellow with the American Academy of Otolaryngology – Head and Neck Surgery and a Diplomat of the American Board of Anesthesiology, American Medical Association and the American Association for Physician Leadership. Currently he has an active license to practice medicine in California and Arizona. Dr. Hakanson received his Bachelor’s degree in cellular physiology and physics from the University of Denver, a Medical degree from the University of Colorado School of Medicine, anesthesiology residency training at the University of Michigan and training in critical care at the University of California, Davis Medical Center. Eric LoumeauGeneral Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer
Eric Loumeau has served as our General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer since May 2015 and Secretary since July 2015. Mr. Loumeau brings over 23 years of experience as in-house legal counsel and compliance officer for several biopharmaceutical companies and as outside corporate counsel supporting healthcare and technology based client companies. Prior to joining our company, Mr. Loumeau was the Vice President of Legal Affairs at The Medicines Company from December 2013 to May 2015, a role he held following the company's acquisition of Rempex Pharmaceuticals. From June 2011 to December 2013 Mr. Loumeau served as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer of Rempex Pharmaceuticals. From January 2009 to January 2011 he was Partner at Bass, Berry & Sims, PLC, and from May 2007 to January 2009 he was Partner at Mintz Levin Cohn Ferris Glovsky and Popeo PC. From October 1999 to May 2007, Mr. Loumeau served as General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer for Hollis-Eden Pharmaceuticals, a publicly traded biotechnology company. Prior to this role he was Partner and Associate at Cooley LLP from April 1995 to October 1999, and an Associate at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, from September 1991 to April 1995. Mr. Loumeau obtained a Juris doctorate from Boalt Hall School of Law at the University of California, Berkeley, including spending his final year at Harvard Law School through the Harvard-Boalt Exchange Program. He obtained a Bachelor's degree in finance from Brigham Young University.
 Robert Michael Savel, IIChief Technical Officer
Robert Michael Savel, II has served as our Chief Technical Officer since January 2014. From September 2011 to December 2013, Mr. Savel served as General Manager and Senior Vice President of Operations for Optimer Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceuticals company. From September 2010 to June 2011, Mr. Savel served as Senior Vice President and Chief Technical Officer for Inspire Pharmaceuticals, Inc., an ophthalmic pharmaceutical company. From April 2008 to September 2010, Mr. Savel served as President of Savel Enterprises LLC, a management consulting firm. From April 2007 to April 2008, Mr. Savel served as the Senior Vice President of Technical Operations for PDL BioPharma, an antibody manufacturer. Earlier in his career, he held leadership operating positions with Johnson & Johnson, a medical devices, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturer, which included the position of Vice President, Quality and Compliance. Mr. Savel received his Bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University in Blacksburg, Virginia.







 






Carl LeBel, Chief Scientific Officer, Otonomy


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Carl LeBel



Chief Scientific Officer
at
Otonomy


Location: Greater San Diego Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Carl LeBel



Chief Scientific Officer
at
Otonomy


Location: Greater San Diego Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Dr. LeBel has served as Otonomy’s chief scientific officer since April 2009. Dr. LeBel has more than 25 years of pharmaceutical research and development experience. From 2003 to 2007, Dr. LeBel served as executive director and from 1993 to 2003 in a variety of other positions, at Amgen, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company. From 1991 to 1993, Dr. LeBel served as research scientist at Alkermes, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company. From 1990 to 1991, Dr. LeBel served as a consultant at Arthur D. Little, Inc., a management and technology consulting firm. He is also a scientific fellow of the American Academy of Otolaryngology—Head & Neck Surgery, a full member of the Association for Research in Otolaryngology and a full member of both the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the Society of Toxicology. Dr. LeBel received a doctorate in biomedical sciences/toxicology from Northeastern University and a bachelor’s degree in chemistry from the University of Detroit.



3

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
R&D in Biotech, Environmental and various industries (no marketing product yet)




Tags
Biotechnology, Drug Discovery, Clinical Development, Biopharmaceuticals, Protein Chemistry




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Carl LeBelCareer (3)






Feb-2009




Otonomy



Chief Scientific Officer







Jun-2008 to Jan-2009




Akesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



President & CEO







1993 to 2007




Amgen



Executive Director








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Carl LeBelEducation (3)






1990



University of California, Irvine - College of Medicine


Postdoctoral Fellowship, Molecular Neurotoxicology






1989



Northeastern University


Biomedical Sciences/Toxicology






1980



University of Detroit Mercy


Chemistry









 Edit



Carl LeBelAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Carl LeBel






 Edit



Carl LeBelLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Carl LeBel









Carl LeBelInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Carl LeBel









Carl LeBelInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Carl LeBel








Carl LeBelRelated People








Colleagues at Otonomy







Eric Loumeau

General Counsel and Chief Compliance
May-2015









Dean Hakanson

Chief Medical Officer
Apr-2015









Anthony J. Yost

chief commercial officer
Oct-2014









Robert Michael Savel

Chief Technical Officer
Jan-2014








View all 
Peers (20)







Erik Karrer

Chief Scientific Officer of RuiYi









Martin R. Jefson

Chief Scientific Officer of Ataxion









Timothy Lowinger

Sr. Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer of Mersana Therapeutics









Albert Robichaud

Chief Scientific Officer of SAGE Therapeutics









Christophe Bonny

Chief  Scientific Officer of Bicycle Therapeutics









Nicholas Keen

Chief Scientific Officer of Bicycle Therapeutics












View all 



Carl LeBelRecommended Market Profiles








Healthcare Venture Deals

5,000 - 10,000 employees
123 companies


















 



Akesis Pharmaceuticals Names Carl LeBel as President and Chief Operating Officer | Business Wire


























































Akesis Pharmaceuticals Names Carl LeBel as President and Chief 
      Operating Officer






June 30, 2008 07:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Akesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (OTCBB:AKES), an emerging diabetes 
      drug-development company, today announced it has named Carl LeBel, 
      Ph.D., as president and chief operating officer. Dr. LeBel has served on 
      Akesis’ board of directors since December 
      2007. The company stated that current president, Jay Lichter, Ph.D., 
      will retain the position of chief executive officer and add the title of 
      chairman of the board of directors.
    


“The current level of Company activity around 
      our AKP-020 program for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes requires 
      additional management resources, and we are very pleased that Carl LeBel 
      will now be directly involved in the day-to-day progress of our research 
      studies and trials, along with other business development initiatives,” 
      said Lichter.
    

      Dr. LeBel has more than 18 years of experience as a biopharmaceutical 
      industry executive, including 14 years at Amgen Inc. where he was an 
      executive director for program management and strategic operations. Most 
      recently his responsibilities at Amgen included overseeing global 
      cross-functional program activities for a late-stage development 
      candidate in osteoporosis. He has an extensive background in the area of 
      metabolic diseases, including direct experience in the conduct of 
      clinical trials in diabetes and obesity. Prior to joining Amgen, Dr. 
      LeBel held preclinical development positions at Arthur D. Little Inc. 
      and Alkermes Inc. from 1990 to 1993. He holds a B.S. in Chemistry from 
      the University of Detroit, a Ph.D. in Biomedical Sciences/Toxicology 
      from Northeastern University, and was a National Institute of 
      Environmental Health Sciences postdoctoral fellow in Community and 
      Environmental Medicine at the University of California, Irvine. He is 
      also a director at Ash Stevens Inc., a privately held pharmaceutical 
      contract manufacturer.
    

About Akesis Pharmaceuticals


      Akesis Pharmaceuticals has a pipeline of innovative oral product 
      candidates for the treatment of diabetes and related metabolic 
      disorders. These product candidates are supported by issued and filed 
      U.S. patents for both prescription and over-the-counter treatments that 
      combine anti-diabetic trace minerals with certain classes of diabetes 
      oral agents. Akesis' product candidates have demonstrated preliminary 
      evidence of efficacy in lowering and controlling blood glucose levels in 
      patients with Type 2 diabetes. Blood sugar control via oral drugs 
      represents a market opportunity in the billions of dollars, as reports 
      indicate that approximately 20 million people suffer from diabetes in 
      the United States alone. More information can be found at www.akesis.com.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


      This press release contains certain forward-looking statements within 
      the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
      and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
      These forward-looking statements can generally be identified as such 
      because the context of the statement will include words such as "will," 
      "expects," "should," "believes," "anticipates," or words or phrases of 
      similar meaning. Examples of such statements include statements relating 
      to the Company’s plans regarding the 
      development of AKP-020. Stockholders, potential investors and other 
      readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are 
      predictions based only on current information and expectations that are 
      inherently subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause future 
      events or results to differ materially from those set forth or implied 
      by the forward-looking statements. Certain of those risks and 
      uncertainties are discussed in Akesis’ filings 
      with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Akesis’ 
      most recent annual report on Form 10-KSB and quarterly reports on Form 
      10-Q. These forward-looking statements are only made as of the date of 
      this press release, and Akesis does not undertake any obligation to 
      publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent 
      events or circumstances.
    




Contacts

      Akesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Jay Lichter, Ph.D., President & CEO858-454-4311jlichter@akesis.comorLippert/Heilshorn 
      & AssociatesDon Markley, 310-691-7100dmarkley@lhai.com















Contacts

      Akesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Jay Lichter, Ph.D., President & CEO858-454-4311jlichter@akesis.comorLippert/Heilshorn 
      & AssociatesDon Markley, 310-691-7100dmarkley@lhai.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














	Akesis Pharmaceuticals Appoints Carl LeBel as CEO and Jay Lichter as Executive Chairman













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Akesis Pharmaceuticals Appoints Carl LeBel as CEO and Jay Lichter as Executive Chairman  











Tweet








11/5/2008 6:45:13 AM


SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Akesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (OTCBB:AKES - News) today announced that current president and chief operating officer, Carl LeBel, Ph.D., has been appointed to the role of president and chief executive officer. Dr. LeBel has served as president and chief operating officer since June 2008 and has been on Akesis’ board of directors since December 2007. The Company stated that current chairman and chief executive officer, Jay Lichter, Ph.D., will now assume the position of executive chairman of the board of directors.

"Since joining Akesis, Carl’s leadership has been instrumental in expanding and advancing our AKP-020 diabetes program, and he has established key scientific, medical and regulatory advisor relationships for the organization," said Dr. Lichter. “With his extensive product development experience in diabetes, obesity, and osteoporosis, he is the ideal leader to take the helm and further position Akesis for success as a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on metabolic diseases.”

Dr. LeBel commented, “It is an honor to take the reins of this emerging metabolic disease company and I'm excited to have the opportunity to continue the advancement of the AKP-020 program.”

Dr. LeBel will present an update on the Company’s AKP-020 program and corporate strategy at the Rodman & Renshaw 10th Annual Healthcare Conference on Wednesday, November 12, 2008, at 10:45 a.m. Eastern time at The Palace Hotel in New York City.

Stockholders and investors can access a live audio webcast and slide presentation on the Akesis Pharmaceuticals website at www.akesis.com. An archived presentation will be available on the website for 30 days.

About Akesis Pharmaceuticals

Akesis Pharmaceuticals has a pipeline of innovative oral product candidates for the treatment of diabetes and related metabolic disorders. These product candidates are supported by issued and filed U.S. patents for both prescription and over-the-counter treatments that combine anti-diabetic trace minerals with certain classes of diabetes oral agents. Akesis' product candidates have demonstrated preliminary evidence of efficacy in lowering and controlling blood glucose levels in patients with Type 2 diabetes. Blood sugar control via oral drugs represents a market opportunity in the billions of dollars, as reports indicate that approximately 20 million people suffer from diabetes in the United States alone. More information can be found at www.akesis.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements can generally be identified as such because the context of the statement will include words such as "will," "expects," "should," "believes," "anticipates" or words or phrases of similar meaning. Examples of such statements include statements relating to the advancement of AKP-020. Stockholders, potential investors and other readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are predictions based only on current information and expectations that are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause future events or results to differ materially from those set forth or implied by the forward-looking statements. Certain of those risks and uncertainties are discussed in Akesis’ filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Akesis’ most recent annual report on Form 10-KSB and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. These forward-looking statements are only made as of the date of this press release, and Akesis does not undertake any obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.


Contact:

Akesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Carl LeBel, Ph.D., President & CEO
858-454-4311
clebel@akesis.com
or
Lippert/Heilshorn & Associates
Don Markley, 310-691-7100
dmarkley@lhai.com

Source: Akesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Akesis Pharmaceuticals Expands Preclinical Safety Program for Lead Product  AMDL, Inc. (ADL)'s President & CEO Mr. Gary Dreher Retires  Akesis Pharmaceuticals Enters into Bridge Financing Transaction  Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Announces Executive Appointments of President and Chief Financial Officer  Akesis Pharmaceuticals and Charles River Laboratories (Massachusetts) to Begin 13-Week Animal Study for AKP- 020  Pronova BioPharma Appoints Per-Oluf Olsen as New CEO  Akesis Pharmaceuticals Reports Positive Results from its Phase IIa Trial of AKP-020 for Type 2 Diabetes  AstraZeneca PLC (AZN) (JOBS) Drug Development Head to Retire  Akesis Pharmaceuticals Completes Phase IIa Trial of AKP-020 for Type 2 Diabetes  Pacgen Biopharmaceuticals Corporation Appoints Interim Chief Executive Officer  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Akesis Pharmaceuticals




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 

































Generic Otiprio Availability - Drugs.com


































Skip to Content












Search:



All

AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products 










Browse all medications:

a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z


Advanced Search






Topics & Tools





Facebook 
Twitter 
Google Plus 






Sign In


Sign In
Register







Menu










 



Home › Generic Drugs › Otiprio



Print
 Share






Generic Otiprio Availability
Otiprio is a brand name of ciprofloxacin otic, approved by the FDA in the following formulation(s):
OTIPRIO (ciprofloxacin - injectable, suspension;otic)


  Manufacturer: OTONOMY INC
  Approval date: December 10, 2015
  Strength(s): 6% (60MG/ML) [RLD]



Has a generic version of Otiprio been approved?
No. There is currently no therapeutically equivalent version of Otiprio available in the United States.
Note: Fraudulent online pharmacies may attempt to sell an illegal generic version of Otiprio. These medications may be counterfeit and potentially unsafe. If you purchase medications online, be sure you are buying from a reputable and valid online pharmacy. Ask your health care provider for advice if you are unsure about the online purchase of any medication.See also: About generic drugs.
Related Patents
Patents are granted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office at any time during a drug's development and may include a wide range of claims.


Controlled release antimicrobial compositions and methods for the treatment of otic disordersPatent 8,318,817Issued: November 27, 2012Inventor(s): Lichter; Jay & Lebel; Carl & Piu; Fabrice & Ye; Qiang & Dellamary; Luis A. & Trammel; Andrew M. & Harris; Jeffrey P.Assignee(s): Otonomy, Inc.
The Regents of the University of CaliforniaDisclosed herein are compositions and methods for the treatment of otic diseases or conditions with antimicrobial agent compositions and formulations administered locally to an individual afflicted with an otic disease or condition, through direct application of these compositions and formulations onto or via perfusion into the targeted auris structure(s).Patent expiration dates:

April 27, 2030✓ Patent use: TREATMENT OF OTIC INFECTION OR INFLAMMATION



Controlled release antimicrobial compositions and methods for the treatment of otic disordersPatent 9,205,048Issued: December 8, 2015Assignee(s): OTONOMY, INC.
THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIADisclosed herein are compositions and methods for the treatment of otic diseases or conditions with antimicrobial agent compositions and formulations administered locally to an individual afflicted with an otic disease or condition, through direct application of these compositions and formulations onto or via perfusion into the targeted auris structure(s).Patent expiration dates:

April 21, 2029✓ Patent use: TREATMENT OF PEDIATRIC PATIENTS WITH OTITIS MEDIA WITH EFFUSION UNDERGOING TYMPANOSTOMY TUBE PLACEMENT



Sterilization of ciprofloxacin compositionPatent 9,220,796Issued: December 29, 2015Assignee(s): OTONOMY, INC.Disclosed herein are methods of making sterilized ciprofloxacin compositions. In some embodiments, the method includes the steps of: (a) forming an aqueous suspension comprising ciprofloxacin particles; (b) heating the aqueous suspension comprising ciprofloxacin particles at a temperature range of from about 100° C. to about 120° C.; and (c) allowing the aqueous suspension comprising ciprofloxacin particles to cool down. Also described herein are otic formulations containing ciprofloxacin formed by the disclosed methods, and therapeutic use of such otic formulation for providing sustained release of ciprofloxacin into the ear for treating various otic disorders and conditions.Patent expiration dates:

July 1, 2035✓ Drug product



Controlled release antimicrobial compositions and methods for the treatment of OTIC disordersPatent 9,233,068Issued: January 12, 2016Assignee(s): OTONOMY, INC.
THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIADisclosed herein are compositions and methods for the treatment of otic diseases or conditions with antimicrobial agent compositions and formulations administered locally to an individual afflicted with an otic disease or condition, through direct application of these compositions and formulations onto or via perfusion into the targeted auris structure(s).Patent expiration dates:

December 11, 2029✓ Drug product



Related ExclusivitiesExclusivity is exclusive marketing rights granted by the FDA upon approval of a drug and can run concurrently with a patent or not. Exclusivity is a statutory provision and is granted to an NDA applicant if statutory requirements are met.Exclusivity expiration dates:
December 10, 2018 - NEW PRODUCT


Share on GooglePlus
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Print this page
Email to a friend
 Add to My Med List


More about Otiprio (ciprofloxacin otic)

Side Effects
During Pregnancy or 
Breastfeeding
Dosage Information
Support Group
Pricing & Coupons
En Español
0 Reviews – 
Add your own review/rating
Drug class: otic anti-infectives

Consumer resources

Otiprio
Otiprio (Advanced Reading)

Other brands: Cetraxal
Professional resources

Otiprio Ear Drops (FDA)

Related treatment guides

Tympanostomy Tube Placement Surgery




Glossary
TermDefinition
Drug PatentA drug patent is assigned by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and assigns exclusive legal right to the patent holder to protect the proprietary chemical formulation. The patent assigns exclusive legal right to the inventor or patent holder, and may include entities such as the drug brand name, trademark, product dosage form, ingredient formulation, or manufacturing process A patent usually expires 20 years from the date of filing, but can be variable based on many factors, including development of new formulations of the original chemical, and patent infringement litigation.
Drug ExclusivityExclusivity is the sole marketing rights granted by the FDA to a manufacturer upon the approval of a drug and may run simultaneously with a patent. Exclusivity periods can run from 180 days to seven years depending upon the circumstance of the exclusivity grant.
RLDA Reference Listed Drug (RLD) is an approved drug product to which new generic versions are compared to show that they are bioequivalent. A drug company seeking approval to market a generic equivalent must refer to the Reference Listed Drug in its Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA).  By designating a single reference listed drug as the standard to which all generic versions must be shown to be bioequivalent, FDA hopes to avoid possible significant variations among generic drugs and their brand name counterpart.






Drug Status



Availability Rx Prescription only



Pregnancy Category C Risk cannot be ruled out




CSA Schedule N Not a controlled drug




Approval History Calendar Drug history at FDA





Close







Otiprio Rating



              No Reviews - Be the first!









      No Reviews - Be the first!


      Not Rated - Be the first!






Drug Class


Otic anti-infectives



Recently Approved



Vosevi Vosevi (sofosbuvir, velpatasvir and voxilaprevir or SOF / VEL / VOX) is a fixed-dose combination of a...
Nerlynx Nerlynx (neratinib) is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor for the extended adjuvant treatment of...
Tremfya Tremfya (guselkumab) is an interleukin-23 blocker indicated for the treatment of moderate-to-severe...
Endari Endari (L-glutamine) is orally-administered pharmaceutical grade L-glutamine (PGLG), an amino acid...

More




FDA Consumer Updates



Depression: FDA-Approved Medications May Help
Dealing with ADHD: What You Need to Know
Making Decisions for Your Health: Getting the Info You Need
FDA: Cutting-Edge Technology Sheds Light on Antibiotic Resistance

More FDA updates




Related News and Articles




Common Post-Op Ear Drops Tied to Eardrum Perforations in Kids
March 30, 2017


Antibiotic Overuse Behind 'Superbug' Outbreak in U.K. Hospitals
January 25, 2017


Short Course of Antibiotics Not Best for Kids' Ear Infections
December 21, 2016
















Drugs.com Mobile Apps
The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices.
Explore Apps











Support

Help Center
Frequent Questions
Sitemap
Contact Us



About

About Drugs.com
Advertising Policy
Content Submissions
Drugs.com Blog



Terms & Privacy

Editorial Policy
Privacy Policy

Terms of Use
Attribution & Citations





Facebook 
Twitter 
Google Plus 
YouTube 
RSS Feed 


Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published.




Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated July 5th, 2017), Cerner Multum™ (updated July 13th, 2017), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated July 5th, 2017) and  others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy.








Third Party Advertising


We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here


Copyright © 2000-2017 Drugs.com. All rights reserved.









Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on GooglePlus
Email to a friend

Hide
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.



























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















