

	Pierre Legault | Gowling WLG









































































          We use cookies on our website. To learn more about cookies, how we use them on our site and how to change your cookie settings, please
          view our cookie policy.
          By continuing to use this site without changing your settings, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
        
OK





            Your region is set to 
            . If this is incorrect, please change your region.
          






Skip Navigation
















People

PeopleInsights & ResourcesSectors & ServicesNewsEvents

Content type:

People
Insights & Resources
Sectors & Services
News
Events



Search for:




























Canada > People > Pierre Legault








	Pierre Legault 
      Partner



Speaks: English, French
Year of Call: 1977 - Quebec



514-392-9599
514-878-1450
pierre.legault@gowlingwlg.com
Download VCard






Primary Office:
 Montréal 


Email: pierre.legault@gowlingwlg.com















Pierre Legault

Pierre Legault is a partner in Gowling WLG's Montréal office. He has developed an active practice that focuses primarily on civil, commercial, administrative and insurance law.
In this regard, he has represented major Canadian corporations in matters involving both domestic and international implications in the fields of commercial and contractual litigation, business and banking litigation, insurance law, product liability, directors' and officers' liability, oppression remedies and regulatory issues.
He is also involved in the energy field and has been responsible for various files relating to interconnection agreements, electricity transmission, cogeneration, power purchase and power transmission agreements.
Pierre is presently acting and has been called upon to counsel clients in a number of class action suits involving securities law, fiscal, regulatory compliance, consumer law, product liability and professional liability issues. He has represented clients before the Supreme Court of Canada and at all court levels in Québec as well as before arbitration, administrative tribunals and regulatory bodies.
Pierre joined the firm in 2004.


Show less
Show all






EXPERTISE






Career & Recognition
View Full Career & Recognition Timeline




November2016




Legal 500 Canada 2017





August2016




The Best Lawyers in Canada 2017





September2015




        The Best Lawyers in Canada 2016
        




September2014




        The Best Lawyers in Canada 2015
        




1977




        Year of Call, Quebec
        







 




Featured News




Best-ever showing for Gowlings in latest guide to The Best Lawyers in Canada
August 24, 2015


 



Featured insights & resources










Memberships









Career & Recognition





2016





  November  2016




Legal 500 Canada 2017





 


2016





  August  2016




The Best Lawyers in Canada 2017





 


2015





  September  2015




                    The Best Lawyers in Canada 2016
                  




 


2014





  September  2014




                    The Best Lawyers in Canada 2015
                  





 


1977





1977




                    Year of Call, Quebec
                  




 


1976





1976




                    University of Ottawa, LLB
                  








 Pierre Legault Profile highlights



Pierre Legault
Pierre Legault is a partner in Gowling WLG's Montréal office. He has developed a...



See full profile








Memberships








 Pierre Legault Profile highlights



Pierre Legault
Pierre Legault is a partner in Gowling WLG's Montréal office. He has developed a...



See full profile



Insights & Resources


Client Work



 Pierre Legault Profile highlights



Pierre Legault
Pierre Legault is a partner in Gowling WLG's Montréal office. He has developed a...



See full profile

 


 Find similar people






Retail & Franchising












Litigation & Dispute Resolution












Energy












Manufacturing












Oil & Gas












Construction & Engineering












Mining







 


















Pierre Legault - NephroGenex, Inc.
































































Search for:



Search 

Twitter 
Google+ 
Facebook 
Print 
Contact Us Contact Us
 





 
Innovative Therapies for Kidney Disease




Company 

About Us
Management Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board


Kidney Disease 

Chronic Kidney Disease
Diabetic Nephropathy
Acute Kidney Injury


Product Candidates 

Oral Pyridorin
Intravenous Pyridorin
Publications & Abstracts


Science 

Mechanism of Action


Clinical Trials 

Pipeline
PIONEER Phase 3 Program
Previous Clinical Studies

PYR-206
PYR-205/207
PYR-210










Company 

About Us
Management Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board


Kidney Disease 

Chronic Kidney Disease
Diabetic Nephropathy
Acute Kidney Injury


Product Candidates 

Oral Pyridorin
Intravenous Pyridorin
Publications & Abstracts


Science 

Mechanism of Action


Clinical Trials 

Pipeline
PIONEER Phase 3 Program
Previous Clinical Studies

PYR-206
PYR-205/207
PYR-210

















About Us
Management Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board






Pierre Legault  




Director 

Pierre Legault is the former Chief Executive Officer of NephroGenex and has been a member of the Company’s Board of Directors since November 2012. Mr. Legault formerly served as CEO of Prosidion Ltd., a mid-size U.K. biotechnology firm.
Mr. Legault has also served as Executive VP, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer with OSI Pharmaceuticals, Senior Executive VP and Chief Administrative Officer of Rite Aid Corporation, and President of the Eckerd Group, with overall manager responsibilities for the Brooks Eckerd operations in the U.S. Mr. Legault also held several senior positions with Sanofi-Aventis and predecessor companies.
Mr. Legault previously served on the boards of Forest Laboratories, Inc. and Cyclacel Pharmaceutical Inc. He studied at McGill University, University of Montreal (HEC) and the Harvard Business School, and holds a Six Sigma Green Belt, a BAA, MBA, CA and CPA diploma.




























































































 



 ARMO BioSciences Appoints Pierre Legault to Board of Directors 
         










    










 













 











 



















ARMO BioSciences Appoints Pierre Legault to Board of Directors
        																																
              

          -- Mr. Legault to Chair Audit Committee --
        











 News provided by
ARMO BioSciences, Inc.  
Apr 26, 2017, 06:00 ET









 Share this article




























































REDWOOD CITY, Calif., April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ARMO BioSciences, Inc., a late-stage immuno-oncology company, today announced the appointment of Pierre Legault to its Board of Directors. Mr. Legault will serve as Chairman of the Audit Committee.








"Pierre is an experienced executive and board member who has extensive knowledge of the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry and the finance function in both private and publically traded companies," said Peter Van Vlasselaer, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of ARMO.  "We look forward to having Pierre lead our Audit Committee and believe his expertise will complement our board as ARMO continues to evolve into a later-stage immuno-oncology company."
Mr. Legault has over 25 years of executive leadership experience in the biopharmaceutical industry. Most recently, he served as Chief Executive Officer of NephroGenex from 2014 to 2016 and has served as Chairman of the Board since 2012. From 2010 to 2012, Mr. Legault was the Chief Executive officer of Prosidion.  Previously, he was the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of OSI Pharmaceuticals from 2009 to 2010. In addition, Mr. Legault was the Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Rite Aid Corporation and President of Eckerd Corporation. Earlier in his career, Mr. Legault worked for Sanofi-Aventis and predecessor companies over a 16 year period in several leadership positions, including President of Worldwide Dermatology Operations and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Legault studied at McGill University, HEC Montreal and Harvard Business School. He holds an MBA, BAA, CA, CPA and Six Sigma Green Belt diplomas.
Mr. Legault also serves as a member of the board of directors at Poxel, Syndax, and Iroko Pharmaceuticals.
About ARMO BioSciencesARMO BioSciences is a late-stage immuno-oncology company that is developing a pipeline of novel, proprietary products that activate the immune system of cancer patients to recognize and eradicate tumors. The Company's lead product candidate, AM0010, stimulates the survival, expansion and killing (cytotoxic) potential of a particular type of white blood cell in the immune system called CD8+ T cells.  CD8+ T cells recognize and kill cancer cells and an increased presence of intra-tumoral CD8+ T cells may result in improved prognosis and survival in patients. 
In addition, ARMO is developing a robust immuno-oncology pipeline that includes validated product candidates aimed at treating a variety of cancers in combination with standard of care treatments and emerging immunotherapies. 
For more information, please visit www.armobio.com.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/armo-biosciences-appoints-pierre-legault-to-board-of-directors-300445815.html
SOURCE ARMO BioSciences, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.armobio.com



 












May 30, 2017, 06:00 ET
Preview: ARMO BioSciences to Present at the Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference













Apr 21, 2017, 09:00 ET
Preview: ARMO BioSciences Announces Clinical Data Presentation for Immunotherapy AM0010 at the 12th European International Kidney Cancer Symposium






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jun 29, 2017, 03:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              ARMO BioSciences Presents Clinical Data on Immunotherapy AM0010...








 

Jun 28, 2017, 09:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              ARMO BioSciences Appoints Naiyer A. Rizvi, M.D. to Board of...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Biotechnology
  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
ARMO BioSciences Appoints Pierre Legault to Board of Directors


 News provided by
ARMO BioSciences, Inc.  
Apr 26, 2017, 06:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 






Heartfelt Sympathies Store | Jean-Pierre Legault


























Plant a Tree


Light a Candle


Donations








For questions or help ordering please call
    1-844-249-9510

















Need help with your order?
1-844-249-9510
|
support@heartfeltsympathies.com



Memorial Candle










 There are some errors in your form.













                                            One Month                                        


                                                $10.00                                            
















                                            One Year                                        


                                                $20.00                                            
















                                            Forever                                        


                                                $50.00                                            








Enter Value:



$







 Candle From *
            0/50


                This field is required.
            

                The name or signature to be displayed with your online memorial candle.
            





 Message
            0/500


                The message to be displayed with your memorial candle.
            





Continue to Checkout










Description


Product Details




                    The solitude and quiet peace of a flickering candle has long been a symbol of remembrance.
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with hosting this Tribute 
Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded
 and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the 
family and friends of Jean-Pierre Legault can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each 
other and enhance this tribute for future generations.

                



Candle will be lit for the limited time of one month


Candle will be lit for the limited time of one year


Candle will be lit indefinitely

Candle message preserved on the memorial site for perpetuity





















© Heartfelt Sympathies 2017
Terms of Use
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policy


















Legault Pierre 496 rue Laviolette Saint-Jérôme, QC Notary Public - MapQuest







































































































    Legault Pierre
  

496 rue Laviolette

Saint-Jérôme
QC
J7Y2T9




 Reviews



(450) 569-0065
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics










Payment

Cash

































See a problem?
Let us know!


























Legal






Help






















Pierre Legault 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017



















	ARMO BioSciences Appoints Pierre Legault To Board Of Directors













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






ARMO BioSciences Appoints Pierre Legault To Board Of Directors   











Tweet








4/26/2017 9:17:30 AM




  Life Sciences Jobs
 


  &bullet; Newest Jobs - Last 24 Hours


  &bullet; California Jobs


  &bullet; Massachusetts Jobs


  &bullet; New Jersey Jobs


  &bullet; Maryland Jobs


  &bullet; Washington Jobs


  View More Jobs


REDWOOD CITY, Calif., April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ARMO BioSciences, Inc., a late-stage immuno-oncology company, today announced the appointment of Pierre Legault to its Board of Directors. Mr. Legault will serve as Chairman of the Audit Committee."Pierre is an experienced executive and board member who has extensive knowledge of the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry and the finance function in both private and publically traded companies," said Peter Van Vlasselaer, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of ARMO.  "We look forward to having Pierre lead our Audit Committee and believe his expertise will complement our board as ARMO continues to evolve into a later-stage immuno-oncology company."Mr. Legault has over 25 years of executive leadership experience in the biopharmaceutical industry. Most recently, he served as Chief Executive Officer of NephroGenex from 2014 to 2016 and has served as Chairman of the Board since 2012. From 2010 to 2012, Mr. Legault was the Chief Executive officer of Prosidion.  Previously, he was the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of OSI Pharmaceuticals from 2009 to 2010. In addition, Mr. Legault was the Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Rite Aid Corporation and President of Eckerd Corporation. Earlier in his career, Mr. Legault worked for Sanofi-Aventis and predecessor companies over a 16 year period in several leadership positions, including President of Worldwide Dermatology Operations and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Legault studied at McGill University, HEC Montreal and Harvard Business School. He holds an MBA, BAA, CA, CPA and Six Sigma Green Belt diplomas.Mr. Legault also serves as a member of the board of directors at Poxel, Syndax, and Iroko Pharmaceuticals.About ARMO BioSciencesARMO BioSciences is a late-stage immuno-oncology company that is developing a pipeline of novel, proprietary products that activate the immune system of cancer patients to recognize and eradicate tumors. The Company's lead product candidate, AM0010, stimulates the survival, expansion and killing (cytotoxic) potential of a particular type of white blood cell in the immune system called CD8+ T cells.  CD8+ T cells recognize and kill cancer cells and an increased presence of intra-tumoral CD8+ T cells may result in improved prognosis and survival in patients. In addition, ARMO is developing a robust immuno-oncology pipeline that includes validated product candidates aimed at treating a variety of cancers in combination with standard of care treatments and emerging immunotherapies. For more information, please visit www.armobio.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/armo-biosciences-appoints-pierre-legault-to-board-of-directors-300445815.htmlSOURCE  ARMO BioSciences, Inc.






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
ARMO BioSciences Announces First Patient Dosed In Pivotal Phase III Trial Of Immunotherapy AM0010 For Advanced Pancreatic Cancer  The Billionaire And The Drug Price-Fixing Scandal  ARMO BioSciences' Immunotherapy AM0010 Receives Orphan Designation In Europe For The Treatment Of Pancreatic Cancer  Gilead (GILD)'s Rumored M&A Target Incyte (INCY) Doubled CEO's Pay Package in 2016  ARMO BioSciences Announces Clinical Data Presentation For Immunotherapy AM0010 At The 12th European International Kidney Cancer Symposium Men Still Hold 9 Out Of 10 Life Science Director Positions  ARMO BioSciences Announces Clinical Data Presentations For Immunotherapy AM0010 At ASCO 2017 Annual Meeting  Ophthotech (OPHT) Co-Founder and CEO to Step Down, CFO Named New Leader  ARMO BioSciences Release: Company Presents New Phase Ib Clinical Data For AM0010 In Advanced Pancreatic Cancer Patients At 2017 Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) Shakes Up Management, CSO To Leave In June  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            ARMO BioSciences




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 



















































































































T 450 777-2707

Contact


Français 




Industrial Business Directory
















INDUSTRIES GRANBY INC.
Business sector : Metallic products


Company informations




Sébastien Provost
 

Yves Legault
 

Mario Bouchard
 

Pierre Fournier




                                        150 employees



Tank accessories
Skid tanks
Tanks for petroleum products, storage aboveground
Tanks for oil (residential)
Oil furnaces








Contact the business




450 378-2334 


www.granbyindustries.com



1020, rue André-Liné, Granby, QC, J2J 1J9, Canada




 















Granby and Region Industrial Development. 


1300, boulevard IndustrielGranby (Québec) J2J 0E5
T 450 777-2707 | 1 877 777-3779
F 450 777-2924
info@granby-industriel.com



Invest in Granby
Find a Business
Contact us
Version française







L'INFO INDUSTRIELLE
Subscribe to our newsletterIn French only

Subscribe here




























T 450 777-2707


Contact


Français 



About us/Our services

Mission
Our Services
Business Financing Programs
Our Partners
Team and Board of Directors
Industrial Park


Invest inGranby
EntrepreneuriatHaute-Yamaska

Services and Territory
Support for Entrepreneurs
Available Financing


IndustrialIncubator (CITIG)

Welcome to CITIG
Admission Criteria
Services and Advantages
Personalised Support Committee
Incubated Businesses
Meeting Room Rental


IndustryProfile

Profile of Industry
Poles of Excellence and Regional Assets
Business Directory
Foreign Subsidiaries
Economic Statistics
Granby in Numbers
A Bit of History


Economics news/Newsletter

Media Zone
Documents






