

William Lenehan, Four Corners Property Trust Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





William "Bill" Lenehan

President/CEO,
Four Corners Property Trust Inc






Career History




President/CEO
Four Corners Property Trust Inc, 8/2015-PRESENT


Special Advisor
Evoq Properties Inc, 6/2012-12/2014


Interim CEO
MI Developments Inc, 6/2011-12/2011









Website:
www.fourcornerspropertytrust.com






Corporate Information
Address:

591 Redwood Highway
Suite 1150
Mill Valley, CA 94941
United States


Phone:
1-415-965-8030


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.fourcornerspropertytrust.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Claremont Mckenna College
Bachelor's Degree








Memberships



Board Memberships




Macy's Inc


Board Member, 4/2016-PRESENT




Four Corners Property Trust Inc


Board Member, 2015-PRESENT




Gramercy Property Trust Inc


Board Member, 4/2013-2015




Darden Restaurants Inc


Board Member, 10/2014-11/2015




Stratus Properties Inc


Board Member, 5/2012-5/2015




Gramercy Capital Corp


Board Member, UNKNOWN-4/2013




MI Developments Inc


Board Member, UNKNOWN-12/2011



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































DRI William H. Lenehan Insider Trades for Darden Restaurants Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Darden Restaurants Inc.

                  NYSE: DRI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Darden Restaurants Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 5:25 p.m.


DRI

/quotes/zigman/151942/composite


$
86.25




Change

-0.60
-0.69%

Volume
Volume 16,096
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/151942/composite
Today's close

$
			86.63
		


$
				86.85
			
Change

+0.22
+0.25%





Day low
Day high
$86.55
$87.19










52 week low
52 week high

            $59.50
        

            $95.22
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




William H. Lenehan






Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value








        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Eugene I. Lee 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Michael  Beacham 
President-Operation & Senior VP-Franchising




Mr. Ricardo  Cardenas 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Chris  Chang 
Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Doug  Milanes 
Chief Supply Chain Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Matthew R. Broad 
Secretary, Chief Compliance Officer & Senior VP




Mr. David C. George 
Executive Vice President




Mr. Nana  Mensah 
Director




Mr. William R. White 
Senior Vice President & Treasurer




Mr. John W. Madonna 
Chief Accounting Officer, Senior VP & Controller




Mr. Kevin  Kalicak 
Investor Relations Contact




Ms. Susan M. Connelly 
Senior VP-Communications & Corporate Affairs




Mr. Rich  Jeffers 
Media Contact




Ms. Sarah H. King 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Senior VP




Mr. Charles M. Sonsteby 
Chairman




Mr. William S. Simon 
Independent Director




Ms. Margaret Shân Atkins 
Independent Director




Mr. Bradley D. Blum 
Independent Director




Mr. James P. Fogarty 
Independent Director




Ms. Cynthia Todd Jamison 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




6:47 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:08pPayPal earnings: A boost from partnerships, but are the benefits already priced in?
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:19pWhy you should avoid Jared Kushner’s weirdly casual approach to meetings
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
5:15pHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:06pUSANA Health Sciences shares drop after company misses earnings, cuts outlook
5:03pWells Fargo raises dividend by 3% to 39 cents a share
5:00pWhy oil prices scored their biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:00p3M Co's logs worst-ever price drop, caps Dow's McDonald's-Caterpillar fueled rally
4:59pS&P 500, Nasdaq notch records, but historic collapse in 3M stock caps Dow's rally 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15































































William H. Lenehan - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















William H. Lenehan
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Four Corners Property Trust, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you William H. Lenehan? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William H. Lenehan's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in William H. Lenehan's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William H. Lenehan's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William H. Lenehan through your network of contacts.
												








William H. Lenehan's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Four Corners Property Trust, Inc.


Board Member, 
Macy's, Inc.


Past
To view William H. Lenehan's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
40

 
 


William H. Lenehan's Biography



William H. Lenehan has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since 2015 and joined the Board in 2015. Mr. Lenehan is a real estate industry professional with significant experience in net leased properties and public company corporate governance matters. Mr. Lenehan served on the board of directors of Darden from October 2014 until he resigned effective as of November 9, 2015 to become our President and Chief Executive Officer. From June 2012 until its sale in late 2014, Mr. Lenehan served as a special advisor to the board of directors of EVOQ Properties, Inc., the owner of a substantial portfolio of development assets in downto ...
(Read More)

			William H. Lenehan has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since 2015 and joined the Board in 2015. Mr. Lenehan is a real estate industry professional with significant experience in net leased properties and public company corporate governance matters. Mr. Lenehan served on the board of directors of Darden from October 2014 until he resigned effective as of November 9, 2015 to become our President and Chief Executive Officer. From June 2012 until its sale in late 2014, Mr. Lenehan served as a special advisor to the board of directors of EVOQ Properties, Inc., the owner of a substantial portfolio of development assets in downtown Los Angeles, California. Previously, Mr. Lenehan was the Interim Chief Executive Officer of MI Developments, Inc., now named Granite REIT, an owner of net leased industrial and manufacturing real estate, where he was a member of their Strategic Review Committee and was a director. In addition, Mr. Lenehan served on the board of directors for Gramercy Property Trust Inc., a publicly traded net lease real estate investment trust ("REIT"), from January 2012 until December 2015, where he was Chairman of the Investment Committee, and served on the board of directors of Stratus Properties Inc., a real estate development company, from May 2012 to May 2015. He also spent approximately 10 years as an investment professional at Farallon Capital Management, LLC. Mr. Lenehan has served as a director of Macy's, Inc. ("Macy's"), a retailer, since April 2016, and is also a member of the Audit Committee for Macy's. Mr. Lenehan is a graduate of Claremont McKenna College.   Mr. Lenehan's qualifications for election to the Board include his extensive executive experience in the real estate industry, including his service as our President and Chief Executive Officer, and his leadership, corporate governance and risk management abilities gained through his experience described above.
		
Source: Four Corners Property Trust, Inc. on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William H. Lenehan's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like William H. Lenehan. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in William H. Lenehan's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William H. Lenehan's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William H. Lenehan through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: William H. Lenehan


















William H. Lenehan's Connections (108)





Sign up now to view William H. Lenehan's 108 connections »









Stephen A. Odland
Board Member, General Mills, Inc.









Elisa D. Garcia C.
Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, Macy's, Inc.









Lionel L. Nowell
Board Member, American Electric Power









G. Wesley Voorheis
Former Chairman, Granite Real Estate Investment Trust









Jeffrey Gennette
Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, Macy's, Inc.









Peter R. Sachse
Former Chief Growth Officer, Macy's, Inc.









Margaret S. Atkins
Board Member, SpartanNash Company









William H. Armstrong
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Stratus Properties Inc.









Barry Gilbertson
Former Board Member, Granite Real Estate Investment Trust









Gerald J. Miller
Former Board Member, West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















Four Corners - Board of Directors





















About Us


Company Overview
Management

William H. Lenehan
GERALD R. MORGAN
JAMES L. BRAT
Niccole M. Stewart
Joshua C. Zhang
Patrick L. Wernig
Carol Dilts
Carlos A. Mosqueda


Board of Directors
Contact




Management







William H. Lenehan
CEO / Board of Directors

E: bill@fcpt.com
T: 415.965.8031 | Vcard




William H. Lenehan was named Chief Executive Officer of FCPT in connection with Darden Restaurant's real estate spin off transaction. Prior to assuming the CEO role, Bill was an active member of Darden Restaurants' Board of Directors, Chair of its Real Estate and Finance Committee and member of its Corporate Governance Committee.
 
Mr. Lenehan has a strong track record of success in real estate and has been active in assembling portfolios of triple net retail properties. In addition, he recently served two years as Special Advisor to the Board of Directors at EVOQ Properties, Inc., which at the time was the owner of a substantial portfolio of development assets in downtown Los Angeles. Prior to that, Lenehan served as Interim CEO of MI Developments, Inc., now named Granite REIT, an owner of net leased industrial and manufacturing real estate, where he was a member of their Strategic Review Committee and was a Director. He also spent approximately 10 years as an Investment Professional in the Real Estate Group of Farallon Capital Management, LLC. Mr. Lenehan is a graduate of Claremont McKenna College.
In addition, Lenehan previously served on the board of directors for Gramercy Property Trust Inc., a publicly traded net lease REIT, where he was Chairman of the Investment Committee and currently serves on the board of directors of Macy’s, Inc.
 






Gerald R. Morgan
CFO

E: gerry@fcpt.com
T: 415.965.8032 | Vcard




Gerald R. Morgan has more than 25 years of real estate and financial management experience across the United States and Europe. Before joining FCPT, Morgan was a managing director of Amstar Advisors, a private real estate investment manager that acquires, manages and develops industrial, office, multifamily and retail properties in select U.S. and international markets. Morgan had CFO responsibilities for the organization’s commingled funds and separate account activity and served on Amstar's Executive and Investment Committees.
 
Prior to that, Morgan was a managing director for Prologis, the global industrial REIT, where he was involved in the company’s capital markets and M&A activities. Prior to Prologis, Morgan was President and CFO of American Residential Communities, which at the time was one of the largest owners and operators of manufactured housing communities in the country. In addition, Morgan has served as a senior officer with Archstone, which was a leading national public apartment REIT before it was sold, and as the CFO of Francisco Partners, a technology-focused private equity fund.
Mr. Morgan obtained a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering and an MBA from Stanford University.
 






James L. Brat
General Counsel

E: jim@fcpt.com
T: 415.965.8033 | Vcard




James L. Brat is the General Counsel of FCPT. Before joining FCPT, Mr. Brat was a partner in the real estate department at the law firm of Pircher, Nichols & Meeks where he has practiced since 1998.
 
He has been involved in all aspects of transactional real estate, with an emphasis on acquisitions and dispositions, financings, joint ventures and development. He also has extensive experience in the financing of real property, including traditional mortgage-based loans, loan participations, mezzanine financing and preferred equity. Mr. Brat received his B.A. in German from Macalester College and his Juris Doctorate from UCLA School of Law.
 






Niccole M. Stewart
Controller

E: niccole@fcpt.com
T: 415.965.8034 | Vcard




Niccole M. Stewart is the Controller at FCPT, where she is responsible for managing the company’s accounting and treasury functions, including financial reporting and internal controls.
 
Prior to joining Four Corners, Ms. Stewart served as Director of SEC Reporting and Technical Accounting at Raptor Pharmaceuticals, Vice President of Technical Accounting and Reporting at Redwood Trust, and as an Auditor at Deloitte. She has extensive experience in complex accounting matters and financial reporting. Ms. Stewart received a B.S. in Accounting and in Business Administration from Chapman University. She is a Certified Public Accountant in California and is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
 






Joshua C. Zhang
Vice President

E: josh@fcpt.com
T: 415.965.8037 | Vcard




Joshua C. Zhang is a Vice President of Acquisitions at FCPT.
 
Prior to joining FCPT, Mr. Zhang worked at Goldman Sachs in their Real Estate Finance Group. While at Goldman Sachs, Mr. Zhang closed approximately $9 billion of commercial real estate debt transactions spanning traditional mortgage based-loans, bank loans and mezzanine financings. He has extensive underwriting experience from single-tenant/single-asset transactions to large portfolio transactions covering various asset classes across the United States for both traditional CMBS transactions as well as Goldman Sachs' bank balance sheet. Mr. Zhang received a B.A. in Economics from Harvard University.
 






Patrick L. Wernig
Vice President

E: pat@fcpt.com
T: 415-965-8038 | Vcard




Patrick L. Wernig is a Vice President of Acquisitions at FCPT.
 
Prior to joining FCPT, Mr. Wernig spent several years at J.P. Morgan’s investment banking group focused on clients in the real estate and gaming sectors. While at J.P. Morgan, Patrick worked on Darden Restaurants’ real estate monetization effort, including the eventual creation and spin off of FCPT. Additionally, Patrick covered numerous net lease clients, assisting with advisory projects and capital raising across asset classes.
Mr. Wernig began his career as an equity research analyst at Barclays Capital based in London, U.K. Patrick hails from Akron, Ohio and received his B.S. in Business Administration and MBA from Georgetown University.
 






Carol Dilts
Vice President of Operations, Kerrow Restaurants

E: CDilts@kerrowrestaurants.com
T: 317-670-7150 | Vcard




Carol Dilts has more than 25 years of restaurant industry experience across the United States. Before joining FCPT as Vice President of Operations for Kerrow Restaurants, Dilts was a Director of Operations for LongHorn Steakhouse, overseeing restaurants in San Antonio and west Texas.
 
Dilts has held leadership positions with increasing responsibility within LongHorn Steakhouse. She has received many leadership and performance-based awards, including Managing Partner of the Year and Presidents club with LongHorn Steakhouse. She also has sales experience with United Airlines and Schwan’s foods.
Carol enjoys volunteering through the Women’s Foodservice Forum, Habitat for Humanity and the San Antonio Food Bank. She studied biochemistry at the University of Michigan and has earned professional certificates from Johnson & Wales University and other organizations.
 






Carlos A. Mosqueda
Senior Manager

E: carlos@fcpt.com
T: 415.965.8035 | Vcard




Carlos A. Mosqueda is the Senior Manager of Finance and Accounting at FCPT. He assists in the management of the company’s accounting, with a focus on the restaurant operations, as well as financial analysis and reporting.
 
Prior to joining FCPT, Mr. Mosqueda developed and implemented the revenue recognition and inventory accounting methodology at Raptor Pharmaceuticals and coordinated the initial financial statement audit of a venture capital portfolio company. Previously, he worked with REIT and Private Equity clients during his audit tenure at KPMG. Mr. Mosqueda received a B.S. in Business Administration from the Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley. He also served honorably with the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force during combat operations in the Middle East.
 









 



William Lenehan Joins Macy’s, Inc. Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































William Lenehan Joins Macy’s, Inc. Board of Directors






March 22, 2016 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--William H. Lenehan, president and chief executive officer of Four 
      Corners Property Trust, Inc., has been elected to the Macy’s, Inc. 
      (NYSE:M) Board of Directors, effective April 1, 2016.
    


      Lenehan, 39, has extensive knowledge and experience in real estate 
      development and management. He was named president and chief executive 
      officer of Four Corners, a publicly traded investment trust focused on 
      foodservice real estate, in August 2015. Previously, he served as 
      special advisor to the board of EVOQ Properties, Inc., owner of a 
      substantial portfolio of development assets in downtown Los Angeles; 
      interim CEO of MI Development (now known as Granite Real Estate 
      Investment Trust), a real estate operating company; and investment 
      professional in the real estate group of Farallon Capital Management 
      LLC, a global asset management firm.
    

      “Bill will contribute to our board’s expertise and working knowledge on 
      matters related to real estate, an important area of activity as we work 
      to create shareholder value through joint ventures or other partnerships 
      related to Macy’s flagship stores and mall properties,” said Terry J. 
      Lundgren, chairman and chief executive officer of Macy’s, Inc. “Bill’s 
      perspective is rooted in his real estate experience in a variety of 
      industry sectors, including net lease, restaurants, mall, office, 
      residential, and mixed-use.”
    

      Lenehan is a graduate of Claremont McKenna College.
    

      The election of Lenehan and that of Frank Blake in November 2015 
      increases the size of the Macy’s, Inc. board to 15 members. Two board 
      members, Meyer Feldberg and Joseph Neubauer, are scheduled to retire at 
      the Macy’s, Inc. Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 20, 2016.
    

      Macy’s, Inc., with corporate offices in Cincinnati and New York, is one 
      of the nation’s premier retailers, with fiscal 2015 sales of $27.079 
      billion. The company operates about 870 stores in 45 states, the 
      District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico under the names of Macy’s, 
      Bloomingdale’s, Bloomingdale’s Outlet, Macy’s Backstage and Bluemercury, 
      as well as the macys.com, bloomingdales.com and bluemercury.com 
      websites. Bloomingdale’s in Dubai is operated by Al Tayer Group LLC 
      under a license agreement.
    

      All statements in this press release that are not statements of 
      historical fact are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the 
      Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are 
      based upon the current beliefs and expectations of Macy’s management and 
      are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results could 
      differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the 
      forward-looking statements contained in this release because of a 
      variety of factors, including conditions to, or changes in the timing 
      of, proposed transactions, prevailing interest rates and non-recurring 
      charges, competitive pressures from specialty stores, general 
      merchandise stores, off-price and discount stores, manufacturers’ 
      outlets, the Internet, mail-order catalogs and television shopping and 
      general consumer spending levels, including the impact of the 
      availability and level of consumer debt, the effect of weather and other 
      factors identified in documents filed by the company with the Securities 
      and Exchange Commission.
    

      (NOTE: Additional information on Macy’s, Inc., including past news 
      releases, is available at www.macysinc.com/pressroom)
    


Contacts

      Macy’s, Inc.Media – Jim Sluzewski, 513-579-7764Investor – 
      Matt Stautberg, 513-579-7780
    

















Contacts

      Macy’s, Inc.Media – Jim Sluzewski, 513-579-7764Investor – 
      Matt Stautberg, 513-579-7780
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























 











William Lenehan Joins Macy's, Inc. Board Of Directors - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































William Lenehan Joins Macy's, Inc. Board Of Directors






Business Wire




Mar 22, 2016 8:00 AM EDT













 




























































  William H. Lenehan, president and chief executive officer of Four Corners Property Trust, Inc., has been elected to the Macy's, Inc. (NYSE:M) Board of Directors, effective April 1, 2016.  Lenehan, 39, has extensive knowledge and experience in real estate development and management. He was named president and chief executive officer of Four Corners, a publicly traded investment trust focused on foodservice real estate, in August 2015. Previously, he served as special advisor to the board of EVOQ Properties, Inc., owner of a substantial portfolio of development assets in downtown Los Angeles; interim CEO of MI Development (now known as Granite Real Estate Investment Trust), a real estate operating company; and investment professional in the real estate group of Farallon Capital Management LLC, a global asset management firm.  "Bill will contribute to our board's expertise and working knowledge on matters related to real estate, an important area of activity as we work to create shareholder value through joint ventures or other partnerships related to Macy's flagship stores and mall properties," said Terry J. Lundgren, chairman and chief executive officer of Macy's, Inc. "Bill's perspective is rooted in his real estate experience in a variety of industry sectors, including net lease, restaurants, mall, office, residential, and mixed-use."  Lenehan is a graduate of Claremont McKenna College.  The election of Lenehan and that of Frank Blake in November 2015 increases the size of the Macy's, Inc. board to 15 members. Two board members, Meyer Feldberg and Joseph Neubauer, are scheduled to retire at the Macy's, Inc. Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 20, 2016.  Macy's, Inc., with corporate offices in Cincinnati and New York, is one of the nation's premier retailers, with fiscal 2015 sales of $27.079 billion. The company operates about 870 stores in 45 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico under the names of Macy's, Bloomingdale's, Bloomingdale's Outlet, Macy's Backstage and Bluemercury, as well as the macys.com, bloomingdales.com and bluemercury.com websites. Bloomingdale's in Dubai is operated by Al Tayer Group LLC under a license agreement.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Michael Kors Confirms With $1.2 Billion Jimmy Choo Deal That Yes, the Mall Is Dying
These boots (and high heels) were made for walking.



Lisa Botter

Jul 25, 2017 6:24 PM EDT
























Amazon Tumbling Almost 40% Is Not as Crazy as It Sounds
Amazon could fall hard.



Bret Kenwell

Jul 25, 2017 4:23 PM EDT
























Consumers Call on Macy's to Drop Ivanka Trump Line Over Labor Conditions
The petition was set up by the women's rights organization UltraViolet.



Amanda Schiavo

Jul 25, 2017 11:47 AM EDT
























Brutal Reactions to Alphabet and Hasbro Results Show You Need to Be a Trading Mercenary
You need to set the bar higher after these results.



Stephen Guilfoyle

Jul 25, 2017 9:55 AM EDT








































 











Trending


AMD Shares Explode on Bitcoin Fueled Earnings Beat


Alphabet's Biggest New Problem, Deconstructed


Advanced Micro Devices Could Explode Another 17% Within Hours: Chart


Facebook's Q2 Results Should Make Snap CEO Evan Spiegel Wish He Had Accepted a $3B Buyout Offer


Apple Moving Closer to Selling an American Made $1,000 iPhone, Trump Hints











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 





















William Lenehan joins Macy’s Board of Directors












































Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.






















NEWS FashionRetailBusinessCulturePeopleFairsExecutive newsEducation newsTagsJOBS Find a jobFind an internshipPost a vacancyDiscover employersNETWORK My passportForumLookbookEVENTSDATA Top 100StatisticsBusiness DataTRENDS USA ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiumCanadaChileChinaColombiaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyMéxicoNew zealandPerúRussiaSpainSwitzerlandThe NetherlandsUnited Kingdom  













https://fashionunited.info











(advertisement) 









 

 

 

 

 








(advertisement)	















Home
Report
William Le...
Share 









REPORT





 William Lenehan joins Macy’s Board of Directors





Prachi Singh |



Wednesday, March 23 2016	




William H. Lenehan, President and CEO of Four Corners Property Trust has
been elected to the Macy's Board of Directors, effective April 1, 2016.
Lenehan has extensive knowledge and experience in real estate development
and management. 
 "Bill will contribute to our board's expertise and working knowledge on
matters related to real estate, an important area of activity as we work to
create shareholder value through joint ventures or other partnerships
related to Macy's flagship stores and mall properties," said Terry J.
Lundgren, Chairman and CEO of Macy's adding, "Bill's perspective is rooted
in his real estate experience in a variety of industry sectors, including
net lease, restaurants, mall, office, residential, and mixed-use." 
 He was named President and CEO of Four Corners, a publicly traded
investment trust focused on foodservice real estate, in August 2015.
Previously, he served as special advisor to the board of EVOQ Properties,
owner of a substantial portfolio of development assets in downtown Los
Angeles; interim CEO of MI Development, now known as Granite Real Estate
Investment Trust, a real estate operating company; and investment
professional in the real estate group of Farallon Capital Management, a
global asset management firm. 
 The election of Lenehan and that of Frank Blake in November 2015 increases
the size of the Macy's board to 15 members. Two board members, Meyer
Feldberg and Joseph Neubauer, are scheduled to retire at the Macy's Annual
Meeting of Shareholders on May 20, 2016. 






Macy's	



william lenehan	







 Prev	



Next  









(advertisement)	


Related news



Macy’s promotes Yasir Anwar as Chief Technology Officer





Macy's Posting Steep Loss In Late-Day Trading





Macy’s Q1 earnings down to 23 cents, sales drop 7.5 percent





Tailored Brands and Macy's end tuxedo rental partnership





Macy’s and G-III sign agreement for DKNY women’s range









Job of the week 



Jewelry Merchandiser - Kearney, NE

Beeline

APPLY NOW






MORE NEWS




GlamCorner raises 3.3. million dollars







J.C. Penney names new CFO







Stella McCartney teams up with Bolt Threads to create sustainable, innovative fabrics







Torrid becomes first plus-size brand to show at NYFW







Arcadia Group delves in childrenwear with Outfit Kids launch







(advertisement)	






Latest jobs

 


Most read


U.S. Fashion Industry Association Releases Fourth Fashion Industry Benchmarking Study




Abercrombie & Fitch to launch on Alibaba’s TMall




Louis Vuitton launches e-commerce in China




The Little “Made in Italy” Label That Could




Find Me A Shoe unveils new personalized shoe shopping method















Fashion Jobs and Fashion News in the USA

Fashion jobs, Fashion news and all other possible information about the fashion world fashion professionals need. Fashion jobs in the United States of America, New York, Los Angeles, Miami and a Fashion News archive and links to international fashion jobs.

Fashion jobs categories

The fashion career center is the best place to look for a job in fashion. Fashion jobs listed at FashionUnited include, retail management jobs, in store jobs, sales jobs, marketing jobs, design jobs, creative jobs, product and supply chain jobs, internships, traineeships, and international jobs in fashion.

Fashion news sections

FashionUnited offers a complete and comprehensive overview for the fashion industry covering all the fashion news, fashion headlines, fashion daily news, trends, fashion weeks, catwalks, fashion industry statistics, fashion education news, and executive news in Fashion.

Career in fashion

Looking for a job in fashion? FashionUnited is the leading destination for people working in fashion. Find jobs, internships, international fashion jobs, career tips, or post your fashion job on the job network.

Fashion World information

Looking for information about the fashion world? FashionUnited provides detailed information about the apparel industry world wide. 80 per cent of the biggest companies in fashion use the services focused on fashion professionals only.


















Report | Executive



























Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.






















NEWS FashionRetailBusinessCulturePeopleFairsExecutive newsEducation newsTagsJOBS Find a jobFind an internshipPost a vacancyDiscover employersNETWORK My passportForumLookbookEVENTSDATA Top 100StatisticsBusiness DataTRENDS USA ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiumCanadaChileChinaColombiaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyMéxicoNew zealandPerúRussiaSpainSwitzerlandThe NetherlandsUnited Kingdom  













https://fashionunited.info











(advertisement) 









 

 

 

 

 








(advertisement)	











EXECUTIVE

MANAGEMENT

REPORT

 INDEXES 


Fashion Top 100

Cotton price Index

Wool Price Index

Facebook Fashion Index

Twitter Fashion Index

Education Index

Richest People In Fashion

Fashion Industry Statistics



SIGN UP


















Home
Report
Share 




Report







Women's fashion boosts weekly sales at John Lewis




Prachi Singh |



Tuesday, July 25 2017 


Total sales at John Lewis for the week ending July 22, 2017, were
79.8million pounds (103 million dollars), up 8.9 percent, with both online
and branches reporting strong sales, with online traffic seeing one of its
biggest weeks of the year. Fashion sales for the week, John Lewis said,
improved 15.5 percent on the same week last year.
The company added that womenswear in particular enjoyed a successful
week, seeing sales rise by 34.5 percent, with new own-label denim lifestyle
brand, AND/OR, a stand out. Beauty, wellbeing and leisure also had a good
week with sales up 13.4 percent, driven by strong sales at our beauty
counters.
Home sales were up 11 percent, with textiles and home accessories
enjoying the strongest week, seeing sales rise by 16.3 percent, while
furniture and flooring also saw a good week of sales growth, up 8.4
percent.
EHT sales were up 2.1 percent with tablets and computers posting a sales
rise of 23 percent, driven by sales of the MacBook Air and 10 inch iPads.
Sales within vision also saw double-digit growth, driven by the launch of
the new Samsung chrome TV.
Picture:John Lewis website











VF Corp invests 40 million USD to accelerate business growth




Vivian Hendriksz |



Tuesday, July 25 2017 



London - US retail group VF Corporation remans confident about its future -
so confident that it is set to invest an additional 40 million USD in its
business to fuel and accelerate its growth for 2018.


The announcement comes after VF Corp published strong results for its
second quarter, which surpassed analyst expectations. “We have really good
momentum as we move into the second half of 2017 and are confident in our
growth engines, as evidenced by an increase in our full year outlook and
our plan to increase our cash returns to shareholders,” said Steve Rendle,
President and Chief Executive Officer of VF Corp in a statement.


“Based on the strength of the first half of 2017 and our expectations for
the second half of the year, we are making
growth-focused investments in our largest brands and platforms to generate
additional value for our shareholders both in the near and long term.” VF
Corp aims to continue investigating what its largest growth opportunities
will be to create more momentum within its businesses. At the moment VF
Corp is currently focusing on streamlining its store portfolio by closing
stores which do not achieve full profitability, according to an interview
with WWD.


However, VF Corp is also set to open another 50 stores for the company’s
three biggest brands, Vans, Timberland and The North Face, as part of the
company’s five-year strategic plan, previously unveiled this March.
Improving VF Corp portfolio remains a key part of the company’s five-year
plan. “We think there are plenty of opportunities in the marketplace. We
are very active in that process,” said Rendle. 

Photo: Vans, VF Corp












Burberry’s stock up on Belgium’s richest man’s renowned investment




Angela Gonzalez-Rodriguez |



Tuesday, July 25 2017 


Burberry shares spiked on Monday afternoon after billionaire Albert
Frère lifted his stake in the high-end fashion retailer to 4 percent from 3
percent.
The shares moved to second on the top 10 risers for the day, up almost 2
percent. They had initially jumped 6 percent on news of the Belgian
tycoon's purchase. Frère is thought to be Belgium’s richest man thanks to
its steel emporium and diversified portfolio of unrelated investments such
as Burberry’s.
This is the second time that Frère manages to boost the high-end British
label’s stock; when he revealed a 3 percent stake in the group in February,
shares went up almost 6 percent, recalls the ‘Financial Times’. The
company’s shares advanced 2 percent on Monday following news of his
increased stake, turning Burberry into the second-biggest gainer on the
FTSE 100 Tuesday. 
In contrast, shares in Burberry suffered their sharpest one-day fall in
six months back to April, when the quintessentially British luxury fashion
company reported a slowdown in global sales growth.











AO Capital rescues bankrupted Rhodes & Beckett and Herringbone




Angela Gonzalez-Rodriguez |



Tuesday, July 25 2017 


The Australian fashion chains Rhodes & Beckett and Herringbone have been
sold as part of a management buyout backed by Hong Kong-based private
equity firm AO Capital, taking the struggling fashion businesses out of
bankruptcy. 
Cor Cordis, the administrators of Rhodes & Beckett, announced Tuesday
that the ailing retailer has been sold by means of a management buyout. The
purchaser, Black Bear Holdings, is led by current brand director Michel
Boutin and supported by Hong Kong-based private equity firm AO Capital. 
It’s worth remembering that negotiations are still underway between the
landlords of the 15 remaining Rhodes & Beckett and Herringbone stores,
which will ultimately determine the new business’ store footprint, reported
local media. 
The new owners of Rhodes & Beckett advanced that the chain will undergo
a relaunch later this year, with the brand set to redevelop its premium
brand both in Australia and internationally. 
Since the appointment of Cor Cordis as Administrators in February 2017,
Herringbone and Rhodes & Beckett stores have continued to trade while
discussions progressed. 
Cor Cordis partner Luke Targett said in a statement that “The Rhodes &
Beckett and Herringbone brands will survive and jobs have been saved. We
feel that our previously announced two stage strategy has paid off. 
"We appointed Gordon Brothers to complete an inventory clearance
program, which then enabled us to successfully negotiate with interested
parties to purchase the business with a fresh start and a new product range
and offering,” added Targett. 











Hibbett Sports’ stock slumps 32 percent on “very challenging” sales trends warning




Angela Gonzalez-Rodriguez |



Tuesday, July 25 2017 


The U.S. based sports apparel retailer Hibbett Sports Inc (HIBB.O) saw
its shares dropped 32 percent on Monday after warning about how "very
challenging" sales trends would affect its results. 
The retailer estimated an increase of pressure on its gross margins
based on a decline of about 10 percent in its comparable-store sales for
the second quarter, ending on July, 29. "Despite the difficult retail
environment, the company remains focused on improving its business for the
long term," Hibbett Sports Chief Executive Jeff Rosenthal said in a
statement. 
As reported by Reuters, shares of the athletic apparel brand fell 6.37
dollars to 13.32 dollars right before the market close. Data gathered by
Reuters reveal the stock has jumped about 64 percent so far this year. 
Hibbett Sports wasn’t the only stock in this market feeling the hit as
shares of rivals Foot Locker Inc (FL.N), Dick's Sporting Goods (DKS.N),
Finish Line Inc (FINL.O) and Genesco Inc (GCO.N) all fell more than 4
percent. "The fashion has changed, the consumer is less interested, judging
based on the results of these companies," said Quo Vadis Capital analyst
John Zolidis commenting this news. 
Hibbett Sports operates about 1,000 stores in the U.S. South, Southwest,
Mid-Atlantic and Midwest.











JCPenney names Jeffrey Davis as Chief Financial Officer




Prachi Singh |



Tuesday, July 25 2017 


J. C. Penney Company has announced the appointment of Jeffrey Davis as
the company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The
company said, he will succeed Andrew Drexler, who has been serving as
interim chief financial officer while the company completed its search.
Davis will report to Marvin R. Ellison, Chairman and CEO of JCPenney.
"On behalf of the board of directors and executive leadership, I'm
pleased to welcome Jeff to JCPenney. He brings decades of finance, treasury
and strategy experience from a host of leading companies, and will make an
outstanding addition to our team," said Ellison in a statement, adding,
"Jeff's expertise will also be a tremendous asset to JCPenney as we
continue to differentiate our business in a competitive retail climate and
further strengthen our balance sheet moving forward."
Jeffrey Davis appointed CFO of JCPenney
In his role, JCPenney said Davis will be responsible for all financial
operations of the company, including the oversight of finance teams at the
JCPenney home office and shared services center in Salt Lake City. Among
his primary objectives will be to continue the company's progress in
identifying earnings growth opportunities, optimizing pricing, exercising
SG&A discipline, managing inventory levels and deleveraging debt.
"JCPenney is a mainstay in American retailing, and I'm proud to have the
opportunity to sustain its rich legacy alongside a group of dedicated
associates committed to differentiating the company from its traditional
competitors," added Davis.
Davis most recently served as chief financial officer at Darden
Restaurants, overseeing finance and accounting, corporate reporting, tax,
internal audit, treasury and investor relations. He also maintained
oversight of Darden's real estate acquisitions, as well as the company's
restaurant development.
Prior to Darden, Davis served as executive vice president and chief
financial officer for Walmart US stores. Upon joining Walmart in 2006, he
served as vice president of finance for its US specialty division before
assuming positions of increasing responsibility, including senior vice
president of finance and strategy, followed by a promotion to senior vice
president and treasurer. Before Walmart, Davis held multiple
finance-related positions with Lakeland Tours, McKesson Corporation and The
Hillman Company.
Picture:JCPenney website











Shop Direct’s ecommerce director Jonathan Wall resigns




Prachi Singh |



Monday, July 24 2017 


After seven years at Shop Direct, ecommerce director Jonathan Wall has
decided to leave the business in mid-August, said a statement by the
company. The company added that during his time at the Shop Direct, Wall
built a multi-award winning ecommerce team, overseen the creation and
development of Shop Direct’s five star-rated apps, led retail firsts
including Very.co.uk’s soon-to-be AI-enabled chatbot, and played a large
part in placing mobile at the heart of the customer journey.
Commenting on his departure from the company, Wall said: “When I arrived
at Shop Direct, we were still very much a catalogue-focused business. Our
ambition was to grow online to 70percent of total sales by the end of 2010
– a target that we smashed thanks to the relentless drive of the
outstanding ecommerce team we have here.”
Jonathan Wall leaves Shop Direct
Sales via mobile devices represented 68 percent of Shop Direct’s online
sales over Christmas 2016, and the business was named Retail Week’s etailer
of the year for the last three years in a row. 
“To look at everything the business has achieved since then – in
particular making the bold decision to cut the catalogue last year to
become 100 percent online, while continuing to hit record sales and profits
– makes me extremely proud. Shop Direct has huge ambitions for the future
and, while the time is right for me to go after something new, I have no
doubt that the team here will continue to succeed,” Wall added.
Jon Rudoe, group retail and technology director at Shop Direct, said:
“On behalf of the whole board, I want to thank Jonathan for everything he’s
achieved during his time at Shop Direct. His leadership, innovation,
commitment and customer focus have moved us much closer to our ambition of
becoming a world-class digital retailer. He’ll leave a real legacy here,
and we’re very grateful for that.”











VF’s CEO Steven Rendle to succeed Eric Wiseman as Chairman




Prachi Singh |



Monday, July 24 2017 


VF Corporation’s executive chairman and director Eric C. Wiseman has
decided to retire effective October 28, 2017. VF’s board of directors has
elected President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Steven E. Rendle,
to the role of Chairman effective upon Wiseman’s retirement. The company
said, Wiseman’s retirement completes VF’s planned leadership succession,
which began with the promotion of Rendle to president and chief operating
officer in June 2015, and to CEO in January of this year.
“Now is the right time to take this final step in our leadership
succession plan,” Wiseman said in a statement, adding, “With credit to our
board of directors, the plan and its implementation have proven successful.
Steve’s transition to CEO has gone smoothly, and just as he was the right
person to serve as VF’s next CEO, Steve is the right person to now serve as
our chairman of the Board.”
VF’s chairman Eric Wiseman to retire in October
“Succession planning at the highest levels of VF’s senior leadership
team is a key component of the company’s long-term success, a
responsibility the board takes very seriously,” said Alan McCollough, Lead
Independent Director of VF’s Board of Directors in a media release, adding,
“The decision to select Steve as Chairman was made following a thorough
evaluation of the required skill and leadership capabilities necessary to
fuel the company’s continued global growth.”
The company said, Wiseman began his career with VF in 1995 when he
joined the company as executive vice president of the JanSport business. He
then held a progression of leadership roles, including chairman of VF's
sportswear and outdoor coalitions and executive vice president, Global
Brands. He was named president and chief operating officer in 2006, and
elected to VF's board of directors that same year. Wiseman was named CEO in
January 2008 and chairman of the Board in August 2008.
“Eric is a proven leader and throughout his career he has inspired
others to excellence. His success has always been guided by values that are
core to who he is, including respect, integrity, determination and grit.
During his time as VF’s chairman and CEO, Eric helped to successfully guide
the company through the great recession and its aftermath, and he grew VF’s
business presence around the world. And, it’s especially noteworthy that
during Eric’s time as CEO the company’s share price more than tripled,”
added Rendle.
Picture:Steven Rendle, VF website











Diesel-owner denies eyeing up Belstaff




Vivian Hendriksz |



Monday, July 24 2017 



OTB Group, the fashion group held by the founder of Diesel Renzo Rosso, has
denied it has made an offer for Belstaff following a report from the Sunday
Times.


Belstaff, currently owned by JAB Holdings, the parent company of Coty and
Reckitt Benckiser, was previously put up for sale in April as the company
aimed to focus its business on coffee and consumer goods. OTB Group is said
to have submitted an offer for the British fashion brand to JAB Holdings
owners, the billionaire German Reimann family.


The family also placed its controlling stake in Jimmy Choo up for sale
recently, sparking interest from CVC Capital Partners and Chinese firm Hony
Capital.


The family, which also put up its controlling stake in Jimmy Choo for sale
this year, is said to have drawn interest from private equity CVC Capital
Partners and Hony Capital. JAB is believed to be seeking as little as 3
million pounds for the brand, which was acquired by the company back in
2011 for 100 million pounds, as the brand reported a 4.8 million pound loss
in FY 2015.


However, OTB has denied making an offer for the London-based apparel brand
according to WWD. FashionUnited has reached out to Belstaff and OTB for
additional commentary.


Photo: Diesel











KappAhl Group CFO Anders Düring resigns




Prachi Singh |



Monday, July 24 2017 


KappAhl has announced that Anders Düring has decided to leave his
position as CFO and member of the KappAhl Group Management. The company has
initiated a recruitment process to find his successor.
 "I regret that Anders chooses to leave KappAhl but understand and
respect his decision. Anders has had a constructive and important role in
the change process that has taken place over the past years," said Danny
Feltmann, President and CEO of KappAhl in a statement.
The company said, Düring will remain as CFO during his term of
notice.
Picture courtesy: KappAhl






 Page 1 of 170 
1234...678910 



Management News


The Top 10 Richest People in Fashion 2017




​Rich List 2017: 3 Rising​ Billionaires ​making their Fortune in Fashion ​




Hermes posts 11 percent revenue growth in H1




Skechers reports 17 percent jump in Q2 net sales




Kinnevik NAV improves 3 percent, provides update on new investments




Louis Vuitton’s rebound in China goes online with new local e-commerce site




Quiz takes the London’s AIM by storm eyeing 200 million float




Michael Kors acquires Jimmy Choo for 1.2 billion US dollars




VF Q2 revenues increase 2 percent




Luxottica reports 4.2 percent revenue growth in H1




Most read


U.S. Fashion Industry Association Releases Fourth Fashion Industry Benchmarking Study




Abercrombie & Fitch to launch on Alibaba’s TMall




Louis Vuitton launches e-commerce in China




The Little “Made in Italy” Label That Could




Find Me A Shoe unveils new personalized shoe shopping method




Czech Republic latest country to ban fur farms




UBM Fashion opens its door to first ever consumer-facing show







Latest jobs

 









(advertisement) 







Job of the week 



Jewelry Merchandiser - Kearney, NE

Beeline

APPLY NOW

















Fashion Jobs and Fashion News in the USA

Fashion jobs, Fashion news and all other possible information about the fashion world fashion professionals need. Fashion jobs in the United States of America, New York, Los Angeles, Miami and a Fashion News archive and links to international fashion jobs.

Fashion jobs categories

The fashion career center is the best place to look for a job in fashion. Fashion jobs listed at FashionUnited include, retail management jobs, in store jobs, sales jobs, marketing jobs, design jobs, creative jobs, product and supply chain jobs, internships, traineeships, and international jobs in fashion.

Fashion news sections

FashionUnited offers a complete and comprehensive overview for the fashion industry covering all the fashion news, fashion headlines, fashion daily news, trends, fashion weeks, catwalks, fashion industry statistics, fashion education news, and executive news in Fashion.

Career in fashion

Looking for a job in fashion? FashionUnited is the leading destination for people working in fashion. Find jobs, internships, international fashion jobs, career tips, or post your fashion job on the job network.

Fashion World information

Looking for information about the fashion world? FashionUnited provides detailed information about the apparel industry world wide. 80 per cent of the biggest companies in fashion use the services focused on fashion professionals only.










    William Lenehan | Four Corners Property Trust Inc | ZoomInfo.com

William Howard Lenehan IV: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 6:47 PM ET
Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Company Overview of Four Corners Property Trust, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
William Howard Lenehan IVCEO, President & Director, Four Corners Property Trust, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 8 different industries.See Board Relationships40$2,755,266As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. William Howard Lenehan IV, also known as Bill, has been the Chief Executive Officer of Four Corners Property Trust, Inc. since joining it on August 17, 2015 and has also been its President and Member of the Board of Directors since 2015. Mr. Lenehan has extensive experience in real estate and has been active in assembling portfolios of triple net retail properties. He is also an independent real estate industry consultant. Mr. Lenehan previously served as a Special ... Advisor to the Board of Directors of EVOQ Properties, Inc. from June 2012 to 2014. Prior to that, he was the Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director of Granite Real Estate Inc. and Granite Real Estate Investment Trust from March 2011 to December 2011. Before that, Mr. Lenehan spent ten years in the Real Estate Group at Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C. from August 2001 to February 2011. He was involved with numerous private equity investments in the real estate sector at the firm. Mr. Lenehan has also worked at CIBC World Markets Corp.'s Leveraged Finance group. He specialized in providing debt capital and advisory services to financial buyers and companies in the gaming, lodging and leisure industries at this firm. Mr. Lenehan has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of Macy's, Inc. since April 1, 2016. He previously served as an Independent Director of Gramercy Property Trust Inc. since January 20, 2014. Mr. Lenehan was a Director of Stratus Properties Inc. until May 7, 2015. He served as a Director of Darden Restaurants, Inc. from 2014 to November 9, 2015. Mr. Lenehan holds a BA degree with Honors from Claremont McKenna College with a double major in Economics and Classics.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
501 Redwood HighwayMill Valley, California 94941United StatesPhone: 415 965 8030Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2015-PresentCEO, President & DirectorFour Corners Property Trust, Inc.2016-PresentIndependent Non-Executive DirectorMacy's, Inc.
Education
BA Claremont McKenna College
Other Affiliations
Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C.Macy's, Inc.Stratus Properties Inc.Darden Restaurants, Inc.CIBC World Markets Corp.Claremont McKenna CollegeGranite Real Estate Investment TrustGramercy Property Trust, Inc.Evoq Properties, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$475,000Total Annual Compensation$475,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$1,767,098All Other Compensation$14,418
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$988,168Total Short Term Compensation$475,000Other Long Term Compensation$1,781,516Total Calculated Compensation$2,755,266




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Four Corners Property Trust, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























