












































LENTZ–Mary L.A. – Goodspeed's History of Tennessee




























 


Skip to content





				Goodspeed's History of Tennessee
			

 








			LENTZ–Mary L.A.		




LENTZ, James M. 
September 20, 2015June 10, 2017 by Taneya 


JAMES M. LENTZ was born in Bedford County February 15, 1828.  His father, Benjamin Lentz, was born in 1800 in North Carolina, and immigrated to Tennessee in 1818, settling five and a half miles southwest of Shelbyville, and lived there to the date of his death, which occurred in 1878.  Our subject’s mother, Penelope (Bussy) Lentz, was born about 1808, and is still living.
Our subject grew to manhood on the farm and received his education in the common district schools.  At the age of twenty-one he went to New Orleans, and engaged in the lumber business, remaining there about six or seven  years.  He then engaged in the carpenter’s trade, and continued this business about six or seven years, after which he began farming, and has successfully continued this occupation up to the present time.
He was married, February 14, 1861, to Elizabeth Lawell, a native of Tennessee, born April 15, 1837, and to them were born nine children: John H., Samuel J., Robert M., Ethan A., Babe, Mary L. A., Necy, Eddie E., and one died unnamed.  Mr. Lentz is politically a Democrat.  He is a self-made man, having accumulated his wealth by his own unaided efforts.
Transcribed by Kathryn Hopkins
Goodspeed Publishing Co. History of Tennessee from the Earliest Time to the Present: Together with an Historical and a Biographical Sketch of Maury, Williamson, Rutherford, Wilson, Bedford & Marshall Counties, Besides a Valuable Fund of Notes, Reminescences [Sic], Observations, Etc., Etc. Easley, S.C.: Southern Historical Press, 1988.










Search for:



 

Volunteers Many thanks to our volunteer transcribers! Joann Banse, Bernice Hoyle, Debbie Hyland, Kathryn LaMance, & Michael Penn.
 








 
 

 
 

 
 




















Mary McGuigan  Obituary  - Red Lion, Pennsylvania - Burg Funeral Home, Inc.

































































 


Family Login:















134 W. BroadwayRed Lion, PA, 17356 • View Phone NumberTel. (717) 244-4567





Send Flowers


View Recent Services


Receive New Obituaries via Email




National Obituary Search



















Mary L. (Lentz) McGuigan Obituary
			












Mary L. (Lentz) McGuigan



                	March  1, 1934 - August 21, 2011
                	
                	
                		




                    Red Lion, Pennsylvania
                    



Set a Reminder for the Anniversaryof Mary's Passing




Forward to Family & Friends




Share a Memory



Make a Charitable Donation



Add a Photo




Print



Contact Us






Click on the item you would like to print.





Obituary





Services





All










Share This Obituary












Resources










Arrangements made by








Burg Funeral Home, Inc.


 
	    134 W. Broadway 
        
		
        Red Lion,
		PA
        17356
    	
		
    	
    	
    	
		
            Get Directions

Profile of Burg Funeral Home, Inc.

View Phone NumberTel. (717) 244-4567
Email Us
Receive Obituary Notifications by Email





Cancel




Contact Me Inquiry Form


Please complete the fields below and one of our funeral service professionals will be in touch with you shortly.




Your Name:
					

Your Email:
		        	

Your Phone:
		        	

Subject:
					Choose One
Funeral Services
Cremation Services
Pre-Arrangements
Social Security Benefits
Veterans Benefits
Aftercare
Other

Message:								
					



					*For security purposes, please type the text that appears below.
					







Thank You!
Your inquiry has been forwarded to Burg Funeral Home, Inc..

Go Back






Send Flowers




Order flowers from Lincolnway Flower Shop











			Obituary
        


Funeral Services


Add A Photo


Memory Book











							SignMemory Book
							




							Record An Audio Memory
							




						Light A Candle
						














RED LION Mary L. (Lentz) McGuigan, 77, entered into rest after a brief illness at 4:52 a.m. Sunday, August 21, 2011, at Manor Care Health Services-South. She was the wife of George McGuigan, who entered into rest on November 22, 1993. Born in York, on March 1, 1934, she was the daughter of the late Paul Lentz and Pauline (Kornbau) Emig. She worked at New Concept in Emigsville as an assembler, retiring in 2009. Mary was a member of American Legion Post #543 Red Lion Ladies Auxillary. She is survived by two stepsons, Michael K. McGuigan of York and his wife, Carol, and Mitchell R. McGuigan of Dallastown and his wife, Janell; four stepgrandchildren, Christie Bear, Tara Klein, Abbie Kendig, and Samantha Vega; and two step great-grandchildren, Brittney and Brandon Bear. She was preceded in death by two brothers, Paul Lentz and John Emig. There will be a viewing from 1 to 2 p.m. Friday, followed by a 2 p.m. service at Burg Funeral Home, Inc., 134 W. Broadway, Red Lion. The Rev. Roger H. Mentzger, pastor of Bethlehem U.M. Church in Dallastown, will officiate. Burial will be at Susquehanna Memorial Gardens. Contributions may be offered to York Health Foundation, Cancer Patient Help Fund, 912 S. George St., York, PA 17403






Viewing


				
				 	
						


	

	
	
		
			August 26, 2011
			
			 1:00 PM
			 to  2:00 PM
			
		
		
	



Burg Funeral Home

	        	
	
				
				
				
		
		         
		            
		            	
						
							134 W. Broadway
							
						
		
						
							Red Lion, PA 17356
							
						
						
		
						
						
		            
		
					
					  (717)244-4567
					
		      	
		      	
	      	
Get Directions

Burg Funeral Home, 134 W. Broadway, Red Lion, PA 17356
Viewing for Mary L. (Lentz) McGuigan
http://www.tributes.com/obituary/show/Mary-L.-Lentz-McGuigan-92201193#services
http://www.tributes.com/obituary/get_ics/92201193?service=1195303&tr=




Funeral Service


				
				 	
						


	

	
	
		
			August 26, 2011
			
			 2:00 PM
			
			
		
		
	



Burg Funeral Home

	        	
	
				
				
				
		
		         
		            
		            	
						
							134 W. Broadway
							
						
		
						
							Red Lion, PA 17356

Get Directions

Burg Funeral Home, 134 W. Broadway, Red Lion, PA 17356
Funeral Service for Mary L. (Lentz) McGuigan
http://www.tributes.com/obituary/show/Mary-L.-Lentz-McGuigan-92201193#services
http://www.tributes.com/obituary/get_ics/92201193?service=1195304&tr=















Create An Online Memorial For Mary L. (Lentz) McGuigan
The beautiful and interactive Eternal Tribute tells Mary's life story the way it deserves to be told in words, pictures and video.
Create an online memorial to tell that story for generations to come, creating a permanent place for family and friends to honor the memory of your loved one.
Select An Online Memorial Product:


Eternal Tribute
					



Military Tribute
					





View Example


View Example




View Example




$50.00
			
		
		Eternal Tribute
	

Online multimedia memorial with unlimited pictures, videos, music and more
Elegant, immersive format honors your loved one
Customizable themes, backgrounds and music give it that personal touch
Interactive Guest Book lets everyone share their memories and provide support


Processing...

Upgrade





			Tributes.com online obituaries now support Integrated Fundraisers powered by:
			
			If you create a GiveForward Fundraiser with your online obituary, it will be provided at no charge (a $50 value, discounted at checkout).
		








View Example




$50.00
			
		
		Military Tribute
		
	

Enjoy all the features of the Eternal Tribute
Preserve the memory and sacrifices of a loved one’s national service
Choose from five elegant military branch themes
Highlight military service details
Unlimited photos and military record information


Processing...

Upgrade













				Leave A Memory
			






							SignMemory Book
							




							Record An Audio Memory
							




						Light A Candle
						

















































Mary L Lentz | Free Public Records | PublicRecords360
















Login | Register








Search Options




First Name *



Middle Name



Last Name *



City



State

All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 








 


Safe Search


Your search is confidential. Mary L Lentz will not be notified of your purchase.

 
Related SearchesMarie LentzMary Ellen LentzM L LentzMary N LentzMary Y Lentz

Connect With Us











38 Matching Results!Showing Top 20. Use filters to see more.
Filter By Age:All AgesNo Age30 - 3940 - 4950 - 5960 - 6970 - 7980 - 8990 - 99Has lived in:All CitiesAR - BentonvilleAR - ClevelandAR - FayettevilleAR - RogersAZ - TucsonCA - Camp PendletonCA - Diamond BarCA - DowneyCA - FullertonCA - Grass ValleyCA - Lake ElsinoreCA - Los AngelesCA - MurrietaCA - Nevada CityCA - PenngroveCA - PittsburgCA - PlacentiaCA - SacramentoCA - Santa CruzCA - Scotts ValleyCA - WestminsterCO - Colorado SpringsCO - PuebloFL - Bonita SpringsFL - MiamiFL - Port CharlotteFL - VeniceGA - ClarkstonGA - DecaturIL - ChampaignIL - GalesburgIL - KnoxvilleIL - Mount VernonIN - BirdseyeIN - GeorgetownIN - LogansportIN - LoogooteeIN - PaoliIN - PekinIN - PeruIN - RochesterIN - WabashKS - HutchinsonKS - Shawnee MissionKY - Mount WashingtonKY - SulphurLA - Denham SpringsLA - WalkerLA - WatsonMA - BostonMA - South BostonMA - WaylandMD - NottinghamMD - ParkvilleMD - Perry HallMI - BirminghamMI - ClimaxMI - DetroitMI - FarmingtonMI - Grosse PointeMI - Harper WoodsMI - KalamazooMI - Saint Clair ShoresMI - South LyonMN - OsseoMO - BrookfieldNC - Blowing RockNC - CharlotteNC - SalisburyNM - Santa FeNM - TaosNV - Las VegasNY - DunkirkOH - ClevelandOH - ColumbusOH - FindlayOH - HubbardOH - SevilleOK - DuncanOK - NormanOK - TulsaOR - EddyvilleOR - ScappooseOR - South BeachOR - ToledoPA - BethlehemPA - ConshohockenPA - PittsburghPA - PottstownPA - WarrenSC - ConwaySC - Murrells InletSC - Myrtle BeachTN - ColumbiaTN - CulleokaTN - ShelbyvilleTX - AustinTX - BrazoriaTX - Harker HeightsTX - HoustonTX - KilleenTX - La MesaTX - San AntonioVA - LeesburgWA - SeattleWI - Eau ClaireWI - Green BayWI - Milwaukee




Select a record below to get Complete Report
Aliases
Has lived in
Related to




 


View Details


Mary L LentzAge 71

Mary L DeatonMary L Lentz-deatonMary L SturgeonMary S DeatonMary M DeatonMary H SturgeonMary S Henon
Mount Washington, KYPaoli, INPittsburgh, PAGeorgetown, INPekin, INBrazoria, TXBirdseye, IN
Janina BurnsJonathan DeatonGordon HenonJanet LauerJames Deaton


 


View Details


Mary Lynn LentzAge 44


Osseo, MNMiami, FLSouth Lyon, MICleveland, OHFarmington, MIGrosse Pointe, MI



 


View Details


Mary Lane LentzAge 63


Wayland, MABoston, MASouth Boston, MABonita Springs, FL
Robert LentzBob LentzSamuel LentzMartin Lentz


 


View Details


Mary L LentzAge 76

Mary Ellen LentzMary L Smith
Blowing Rock, NC
Charles Lentz


 


View Details


Mary Jo LentzAge 53

Mary Lynn LentzMary-jo L Lentz
Columbus, OHPottstown, PA
Donia HaasMichael HaasDorrell LentzDerek LentzLeesha Lentz


 


View Details


Mary Lou LentzAge 75

Mary Lou Mughmaw
Rochester, INWabash, INPeru, INCleveland, ARLogansport, INMount Vernon, IL
Richard MughmawChester LentzBarbara MughmawRick Mughmaw


 


View Details


Mary Louise LentzAge 83

M L Lentz
Fullerton, CAHouston, TXLas Vegas, NVBethlehem, PADiamond Bar, CACharlotte, NCLos Angeles, CA
Robert LentzJill LentzJacqueline LentzAnnabelle LentzKurt Lentz


 


View Details


Mary L LentzAge 46

Mary Lynn Szakal
Warren, PAKilleen, TXTucson, AZColorado Springs, COPueblo, COHarker Heights, TX
Steven Szakal


 


View Details


Mary L LentzAge 64

Mary L Murphy
Santa Cruz, CANevada City, CAScotts Valley, CAGrass Valley, CAPittsburg, CA
Ashley LentzJames LentzBarry Lentz


 


View Details


Mary Jane LentzAge 90

Mary Lou LentzMary N LentzMarylou L Lentz
Charlotte, NCMyrtle Beach, SCMurrells Inlet, SCConway, SC
Lisa LentzPenny QuickThomas LentzSteven LentzPewe Lentz


 


View Details


Mary Lee LentzAge 57

Maryann C Lentz
Detroit, MIHarper Woods, MIGrosse Pointe, MISaint Clair Shores, MI
Brian LentzGregory LentzRachael Lentz


 


View Details


Mary H LentzAge 75

Mary Lou LentzMary N Lentz
Eddyville, ORSouth Beach, ORScappoose, ORToledo, OR
Anne HarrisonAustin LentzNathanial LentzNed Lentz


 


View Details


Mary Lisa LentzAge 62

Lisa Lisa LentzLisa N Lentz
Fayetteville, ARBentonville, ARTulsa, OKRogers, AR
James LentzAndrew LentzBubba LentzMilton LentzRebecca Lentz


 


View Details


Mary Loree LentzAge 40

Marie LentzMary Loree ZierenbergMary Loree Wheeler
Murrieta, CACamp Pendleton, CALas Vegas, NVLake Elsinore, CA
David WheelerDarleen WheelerAnthony WheelerCarrie EimenMatthew Zierenberg


 


View Details


Mary L LentzAge 82

Mary A Lentz
Clarkston, GADecatur, GASalisbury, NC



 


View Details


Mary L LentzAge 50

Mary L Davison
Watson, LADenham Springs, LAWalker, LA
Dwight LentzRay DavisonFrances DavisonWayne LentzConnie Lentz


 


View Details


Mary Lee LentzAge 63


Pottstown, PALeesburg, VAConshohocken, PA
Richard Lentz


 


View Details


Mary L LentzAge 85


Shelbyville, TNCulleoka, TNColumbia, TN
Paul LentzCharity Lentz


 


View Details


Mary Lynn LentzAge 81


Parkville, MDNottingham, MDPerry Hall, MD
Robert Lentz


 


View Details


Mary L LentzAge 74

Mary Y Lentz
Champaign, ILGalesburg, ILKnoxville, IL
Rebecca LentzJanella LentzWilliam Lentz




 

PublicRecords360
is designed to help you safely find people and learn about others. PublicRecords360
does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual's eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA.
Learn more about FCRA restrictions. By using our website you agree to our Terms
of Service and Privacy Policy.









© copyright 2012 - 2017 PublicRecords360.com

Home

Notes

Terms

Privacy

Contact
















Mary-Jo L Lentz - Pottstown, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Mary-Jo L Lentz in Pottstown, PA


Mary-Jo L Lentz

                                                                                       Intelius found that Mary-Jo L Lentz  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from Pottstown, PA.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Mary Lynn Lentz
Mary Jo Lentz


Get Report Now

Age

Mary-Jo L Lentz is in her 50s

Mary-Jo Has Lived In

Pottstown, PA
Columbus, OH

Mary-Jo's Relatives

Donia Haas
Michael Haas
Dorrell Lentz
Derek Lentz







Mary-Jo L Lentz



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderFemale



Professional Status
District Manager - La Senza at Limited Brands Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Mary-Jo? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Mary-Jo, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Mary-Jo L Lentz
Get a Criminal Check on Mary-Jo L Lentz
Get a Public Record Report on Mary-Jo L Lentz
Get a People Search Report on Mary-Jo L Lentz


Mary-Jo L Lentz's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Mary-Jo L Lentz has lived as well as Mary-Jo L Lentz's phone numbers and email addresses.




Mary-Jo L Lentz Has Lived in 2 States
Pennsylvania Address for Mary-Jo L Lentz


406 N S******* R* 

Pottstown, PA


Has Lived In

Pottstown, PA
Columbus, OH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Mary-Jo L Lentz

(610) ***-**** - Pottstown, PA 
(484) ***-**** - Pottstown, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Mary-Jo L Lentz

m*******2@***.com


Get Email Report




Mary-Jo L Lentz's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Mary-Jo L Lentz's academic history.  Find out which schools Mary-Jo L Lentz attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Mary-Jo L Lentz received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Mary-Jo L Lentz Has Attended 1 School
Pottsville High School 1978 – 1982                              


Mary-Jo L Lentz's Professional Information
Information regarding Mary-Jo L Lentz's professional history.  Find out previous places Mary-Jo L Lentz has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Mary-Jo L Lentz Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Limited Brands Inc.
               Title: District Manager - La Senza
Company: Elk Lake Wilderness Resort
               Title: Owner
Mary-Jo L Lentz's Experience
Title: District Manager - La Senza
               Company: Limited Brands Inc.
Job Details
               L Brands, through Victorias Secret, PINK, Bath & Body Works, La Senza and Henri Bendel, is an international company. The company operates 3,007 company-owned specialty stores in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, and its brands are sold in more than 700 additional noncompany-owned locations worldwide. The companys products are also available online at www.VictoriasSecret.com, www.BathandBodyWorks.com, www.HenriBendel.com and www.LaSenza.com.
Title: Owner
               Company: Elk Lake Wilderness Resort
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Mary-Jo L Lentz

 See Mary-Jo L Lentz's LinkedIn Profile



Mary-Jo L Lentz's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Mary-Jo L Lentz


Mary-Jo L Lentz's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Mary-Jo L Lentz's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Mary-Jo Lentz
Username Matches

                  Mary-JoLentz
                  LentzMary-Jo
                  Mary-Jo.Lentz
                  Lentz.Mary-Jo
                  Mary-Jo_Lentz
                  Lentz_Mary-Jo
                  Mary-Jo-Lentz
                  Lentz-Mary-Jo
                  MLentz
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Lentz







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














INDB Mary L. Lentz Insider Trades for Independent Bank Corp.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Independent Bank Corp.

                  NASDAQ: INDB
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Independent Bank Corp.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 5:09 p.m.


INDB

/quotes/zigman/73822/composite


$
72.40




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 1,213
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/73822/composite
Today's close

$
			71.20
		


$
				72.40
			
Change

+1.20
+1.69%





Day low
Day high
$71.65
$73.15










52 week low
52 week high

            $46.75
        

            $73.15
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Mary L. Lentz



Ms. Mary L. Lentz is on the Board of Directors at Independent Bank Corp. (Massachusetts). She received her undergraduate degree from Boston College and a graduate degree from MIT Sloan School of Management.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/23/2017
500


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/14/2016
725


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Christopher  Oddleifson 
President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Robert D. Cozzone 
Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer




Mr. Barry H. Jensen 
Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. David Byron Smith 
Chief Investment Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Jane L. Lundquist 
EVP, Director-Retail Banking & Business Banking




Mr. Michael P. Hogan 
Director




Ms. Jennifer  Marino 
Chief Marketing Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Kathryn T. Robson 
Chief Internal Auditor & Senior Vice President




Mr. Mark J. Ruggiero 
Chief Accounting Officer, Senior VP & Controller




Ms. Ellen  Molle 
Vice President & Head-Media Relations




Mr. Raymond G. Fuerschbach 
Senior Vice President & Director-Human Resources




Mr. Edward H. Seksay 
Secretary & General Counsel




Ms. Donna L. Abelli 
Chairman




Mr. Frederick  Taw 
Independent Director




Mr. John J. Morrissey 
Independent Director




Ms. Mary L. Lentz 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas R. Venables 
Independent Director




Mr. William P. Bissonnette 
Independent Director




Mr. Daniel F. O'Brien 
Independent Director




Mr. Carlos  Ribeiro 
Independent Director




Mr. Kevin J. Jones 
Independent Director




Mr. John H. Spurr 
Independent Director




Mr. Brian S. Tedeschi 
Independent Director




Ms. Eileen C. Miskell 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




6:52 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:08pPayPal earnings: A boost from partnerships, but are the benefits already priced in?
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:19pWhy you should avoid Jared Kushner’s weirdly casual approach to meetings
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
5:15pHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:06pUSANA Health Sciences shares drop after company misses earnings, cuts outlook
5:03pWells Fargo raises dividend by 3% to 39 cents a share
5:00pWhy oil prices scored their biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:00p3M Co's logs worst-ever price drop, caps Dow's McDonald's-Caterpillar fueled rally
4:59pS&P 500, Nasdaq notch records, but historic collapse in 3M stock caps Dow's rally 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



























































Skin Care - Catalog - MaryKay



 




















Menu








0
 





About Mary Kay 
Satisfaction Guarantee 




español




















Find an Independent Beauty Consultant 
 



Bag (0) item(s)



0 in your Bag
X








Your bag is currently empty empty

Shop for products you like







How it works
Mary Kay products are available for purchase exclusively through Independent Beauty Consultants.


Buy Online with a Beauty Consultant


































 
Unmask Your Natural Beauty.
NEW! Clear Proof® Deep-Cleansing Charcoal Mask
LEARN MORE

 

 
TimeWise Repair® Volu-Firm® Set
Embrace a more youthful outlook.
LEARN MORE

 

 
Help Skin 
Bounce Back.
TimeWise® Replenishing Serum+C®
DISCOVER IT NOW

 

 
Mary Kay Skin CARE
There’s a skin care regimen for you and your needs.
LEARN MORE

 















Skin Care











            Filter By

                            
            


Filter



Concern

All                        

Concern

Advanced Age-Fighting (12)
Dark Spots (1)
Age-Fighting (25)
Balancing (1)
Blemishes / Acne (11)
Botanicals (15)
Cellulite (2)
Cleansing (6)
Dryness (4)
Exfoliation (6)
Firming (5)
Foot Care (1)
Hand Care (1)
Mens (6)
Moisturizing (18)
Sensitive Skin (13)
Sun Care (4)
Sun Protection (5)




Skin Type

All                        

Skin Type

Combination (14)
Combination/Oily (40)
Dry (45)
Normal (42)
Normal/Dry (39)
Oily (45)




Product Type

All                        

Product Type

Bags & Tools (2)
Body & Sun (11)
Cleanser (21)
Exfoliation (2)
Eyes (8)
Eye Care (5)
Face (57)
Lip Balm (2)
Lip Care (3)
Lips (3)
Makeup Remover (1)
Mask (10)
Moisturizer (25)
Primer (1)
Serum (8)
Sets (16)
Targeted Solutions (38)
Toner / Freshener (9)
Tools (3)




Body Part Target Area

All                        

Body Part Target Area

Body (5)
Eyes (11)
Face (63)
Hands (1)
Lips (4)




Collection

All                        

Collection

Acne-Prone Skin System (7)
Botanical Effects (15)
Clear Proof® (1)
Customized Skincare (3)
MKMen (6)
Satin Lips (3)
TimeWise (25)
TimeWise Repair (10)








84  Products
    

View All


1
2
3
4
5
6



1
2
3
4
5
6

                / 6

Next

 


Quick View





Mary Kay® Facial Cleansing Cloths







$15.00








Quick View





NEW!
Mix & Mask







$46.00








Quick View





MKMen® Advanced Eye Cream







$26.00








Quick View





Mary Kay® Intense Moisturizing Cream (Dry)







$32.00








Quick View





Mary Kay® Extra Emollient Night Cream







$14.00








Quick View





Mary Kay® Oil Mattifier







$16.00








Quick View





Mary Kay® Oil-Free Hydrating Gel (Normal/Oily)







$32.00








Quick View





Our Little Miracle (Combination/Oily)







$127.00








Quick View





Our Little Miracle (Normal/Dry)







$127.00








Quick View





Past Perfect







$115.00








Quick View





Clear Proof® Clarifying Cleansing Gel**







$16.00








Quick View





NEW!
Clear Proof® Deep-Cleansing Charcoal Mask







$24.00








Quick View





Mary Kay® Oil-Free Eye Makeup Remover







$15.00








Quick View





Clear Proof® Pore-Purifying Serum*







$17.00








Quick View





Satin Lips® Set







$22.00








Quick View





MKMen® Cooling After-Shave Gel







$15.00








84  Products
    

View All


1
2
3
4
5
6



1
2
3
4
5
6

                / 6

Next

 





Connect With a Beauty Consultant Today
 


FREE Skin Care Consultation 
You’ll enjoy personalized advice for creating a customized skin care regimen that’s right for you.
Find a Beauty Consultant Today







Satisfaction Guarantee 
All Mary Kay® products are backed by the Mary Kay® Satisfaction Guarantee.
Get the Full Scoop!








    All prices are suggested retail.







×



















x

                    We use cookies and other similar tools to help you discover what you love about Mary Kay. By continuing to use this site, you consent to the use of cookies on your device unless you have disabled them. You can change your cookie settings using the controls on your web browser at any time, but parts of our site may not function correctly without them. (Click To Close)
                

















Mary Kay ™ | Buy Makeup, Skin Care, Beauty Products Online

































Direct Sales Aid













Mary Kay







31 review(s)



Anyone who is familiar with the direct selling industry has heard of Mary Kay. For over four decades now, the name Mary Kay has been tantamount to quality and success. With more than two million independent consultants all over the world, Mary Kay is continuously expanding its horizons to offer better business opportunities to everyone.
Learn More »







                Compare
              


Toggle Dropdown


Popular Comparisons


                        LimeLight by Alcone vs. Mary Kay vs. Younique
                      



                        Mary Kay vs. Nerium International vs. Rodan and Fields
                      



                        Mary Kay vs. Younique
                      




















	The Mary Kay Story

Mary Kay is known to a lot of people as one of the most successful direct selling companies in the world but it is not known to many how this world-renowned company came to be. A woman named Mary Kay Ash established Mary Kay, after she resigned from her position as National training director at a direct selling company. Like many women in the corporate world, Mary Kay Ash found herself being overworked and yet underappreciated.

	Soon after she left the company, she set out to start her very own direct selling company with the help of her son. Mary Kay Ash used up all of her savings to start “Beauty by Mary Kay”—a lifestyle direct selling company that is aimed at making every woman, regardless of occupation, feel special.  She opened the very first office in a small business location in Dallas.

	When Mary Kay first opened its doors in the fall of 1963, they were only limited to selling skincare and makeup products. It did not take too long for Mary Kay to expand its product base, in 1965, Mary Kay launched its first clothing line—a selection of suits made especially for women who wanted to dress for success. 

	Mary Kay Ash started Beauty by Mary Kay primarily to give women a chance to make something out of their lives without having to give up their family life to launch and maintain their careers. The Company now has over 2 million independent consultants, serving 35 markets all over the world. Mary Kay is, without a doubt, one of the biggest and most successful direct selling companies in the world.

	Mary Kay Beauty Products

	Mary Kay offers a wide-range of products that every woman can enjoy. The company is best known for their skincare and makeup products, as their line of Mary Kay makeup and skincare has been around since the company’s inception in 1963. From basic skin care to anti-aging products, there is a Mary Kay product for all women regardless of age.

	Mary Kay also features a line of fragrances for both men and women. Their line of Mary Kay products for men also includes basic skin care and sun care. Having been in the industry for almost five decades, the company ensures that all products are sold with their customer’s satisfaction guaranteed.

	When Mary Kay Ash founded the company in 1963, she knew that for any company to succeed it was necessary to provide products that are of high quality while still managing to keep prices at a reasonable rate. She wanted a company that was made especially to understand the needs of women and this is exactly what Mary Kay is all about—a company that provides great opportunities for all women from all walks of life. Having been in the direct selling industry herself before she started her own company, Mary Kay Ash knew that for any salesperson to succeed it was necessary to believe in the products that she sold. With Mary Kay products, every distributor can be assured that what they are selling their customers have been tested for quality and since the company has already built a name for itself in the direct selling industry, selling the products need not be as difficult as selling a new product that is unknown to the public.

	Whether you want to focus on selling Mary Kay cosmetics alone or you want to branch out into their other collections, you can choose which products and how much of each you would like to sell.

	Mary Kay Business Opportunity

	As one of the biggest direct selling companies in the world, interested consultants are presented with a business opportunity that would be very difficult to refuse. An opportunity to earn large amounts of profit in retail sales, comprehensive training, and a host of great rewards are but a few of what Mary Kay consultants can expect from joining the company.

	Anyone can join Mary Kay and become an independent consultant for just $100 and this fee is inclusive of all the tools you need to get your business launched successfully. With the number of ways that one can market and sell Mary Kay products, profit is almost always guaranteed for all consultants. Be it in person through one-on-one consultations and hostess parties or through the Internet marketing, the possibilities are endless.

	Mary Kay Starter Kit

	Upon joining the company and paying the $100 fee, you will receive your Mary Kay starter kit in the mail within a few days. The kit contains sample products so you can market them immediately to friends and family. The kit contains enough products for thirty people and several free catalogs to share with your customers. The kit is also inclusive of a free personalized makeup kit with colors of your choice and as well as free business cards for your business. Mary Kay consultants also get an announcement e-mail for free to help them announce the launch of their business. The Mary Kay starter kit is essential for all new consultants, as it is their key to launching their business to start earning money.

	Mary Kay Compensation Plan

	Mary Kay offers one of the most attractive compensation plans in the direct selling industry. Mary Kay consultants get a chance to earn 50% profit in retail sales. This is one of the highest rates in the industry and since it is up to you to decide how much you want to sell, you have complete control over your schedule and how much you earn.  Whether you just want to earn a few extra dollars to cover the bills or you want to match how much you used to earn with a full-time job, you are given complete control over your financial future.

Mary Kay’s rewards program has always been around even when the company was just starting out. All Mary Kay consultants are given the chance to earn great rewards and bonuses, as the company wants to make sure that all your hard work for the company is paid off. With enough hard work and dedication, you too can own a Mary Kay company car or a free vacation with your special someone all courtesy of the company. You can also choose other great prizes such as elegant jewelry pieces, a television set, and everything else that your heart desires. Mary Kay has been providing these items of luxury to top consultants for almost five decades now and the company’s rewards system just keeps getting better and better.

	With a business that allows you to earn your own income and be your own boss plus great rewards for your milestones, consultants can’t really ask for more. Mary Kay stays true to her promise of making every woman a success.

	Mary Kay Parties and Hostess Rewards

	With the company of great friends, fun makeovers, and a chance to purchase high-quality beauty products, what woman wouldn’t want to host a Mary Kay party? Aside from getting the chance to enjoy the company of great people, Mary Kay hostesses are also in for a lot of great rewards and treats just for hosting a party.

Mary Kay hostesses can earn free products for opening up their homes to Beauty Consultants. You get to choose what rewards you want in exchange for hosting a party. You can earn up to 20% in FREE Mary Kay products for hosting one party and booking two new parties or you can choose to avail of a $40 discount when purchasing Mary Kay products. The company also has special rewards that are available for a limited time only so you should make sure to ask your Beauty consultant about this at your party.

Hosting a Mary Kay party isn’t that difficult, as you will get all the help you need from your beauty consultant. Just be creative when organizing the party and you’ll surely end up with happy guests, a happy consultant and a host of new Mary Kay products all to yourself. 

Mary Kay has been in the industry for 48 years and its founder has been into direct selling for 25 years before she started the company. With this much experience in direct selling, consultants can be assured that their mentors at Mary Kay are already industry experts. Mary Kay is one of the few companies that deliver what they promise. They do not boast of attractive compensations only to leave their consultants disappointed, instead, they make sure that each product sold is credited to the consultant in terms of commission and retail sales.






Company Specs


Founded
1963
Est. Consultants
1,700,000
Commission
50%
Downline Commission
13%
Startup Cost
$100
Products Sold
--
 


Most Active States


        Alabama
        


        Virginia
        


        Michigan
        


        California
        


        Kansas
        














Reviews

          Write a Review
        

Users Say


5



Emily Reed



                1 year ago
              


              I love the company been a consultant for just two months I love the rewards you get from it and the fact you can work when ever you want
            



5



Ann Sherman



                1 year ago
              


              I have been a  Mary Consultant for 39 years. Started out to earn just  a little income to add to the family budget.  However like so many I found I could do  better.   I am living the MK dream.  Great products, great clients,great unit.  Thank you, Mary Kay !
            



5



Michelle Sidari



                1 year ago
              


              In my opinion, Mary Kay is the BEST company around! I will be celebrating my 10 year anniversary in May and this opportunity has forever changed my life! I started out as a broke college student and I was able to retire from teaching to do what I absolutely love... Building confidence in women and enriching women's lives with this wonderful opportunity! Mary Kay is number one on the list and it does not surprise me one bit! If you are willing to have a positive attitude and you are coachable, the sky is the limit for YOU! Thank you Mary Kay!
            



5



Ashley Chirico-baker



                1 year ago
              


              A + income opportunity, top notch products at reasonable prices that are ALWAYS on trend, mentoring and training that personally develops the sales force continuously!  The corporate staff are so supportive that I just cannot believe it.  I only started a business to see what would happen and didn't even have a goal in mind, but caught this company's passion and mission and am thriving ever since.  The financial rewards are great and appreciated, but the personal development, joy, networking, friendships, and flexibility were all bonuses far more valuable to me than I knew.  + I love my skin!
            



5



Patricia Roy-pagé



                1 year ago
              


              It changes life! Amazing products, Amazing opportunity! Blessed to be in the MK family since 4 years!
            



5



Johanna Giese



                1 year ago
              


              Amazing Products!  Have used for 27 years!  Best that MK comes with an educated Consultant and a 100% satisfaction guarantee!
            



5



Anita Rodriguez



                1 year ago
              


              Because God is First, Family Second, Career 3 all the products are the best and the guarantee is 100%.  And the commission are the best!
            



5



Gloria Ayers Mcguire Stakemiller



                1 year ago
              


              I will be eternally grateful  that I signed my Consultant Agreement in 1970... Absolutely the best Company and latest on trend Products.  Priorities of Family second, and Career  third ..allowing me to build a good solid Career with   ...Executive income while working flexible hours, earning free use of Career Cars,(Pink Cadillacs )New every 2 years since 1980!  Loving my life! PTL!!
            



5



Christy Brown



                1 year ago
              


              I previously used those department store brands for years at great expense and finally realized they weren't helping my skin.  I used Mary Kay's Miracle Set for 1 week and I was amazed at how much better my skin felt and looked.
            



5



Joan Merten



                1 year ago
              


              What an opportunity of a lifetime!!  The support from Corporate is amazing.  The products are truly the best out there backed by a 100% guarantee and great customer service.  The quality of the products is above and beyond, the results women (and men) see when using our skin care products is phenomenal. The training that Corporate provides for us is amazing, we have every tool needed to make this career a success.  With the recognizable Pink Cadillac's as a  sign of success,  what women achieve on the inside when pursuing their Mary Kay career is life changing.   Fabulous company!
            



5



Kristina Miller



                11 months ago
              


              I have been a consultant for almost  2 years now, I initially came in for the extra income.  However after attending my first Career Conference, I found that this company offers a woman SO much more than skin care and makeup...acceptance, a sisterhood, and an overabundance of support!!  So I came into Mary Kay for the money, but I am staying for the sisterhood!!
            



5



Darla Greenwood



                6 months ago
              


              I've been using Mary Kay for 40 years. I've been an Independent Beauty Consultant for 7 years and still wonder why I waited so long.
            



5



Mikayla Jared Harriman



                6 months ago
              


              You get 50% sales! They've been around a lot longer and both companies are debt free, but Mary Kay  teaches how to get debt free!
            



5



Bethany Grace Karaman



                5 months ago
              


              Reasons MK  is the best: You get to try before you buy The products are high quality and yet very affordable It was founded on the golden rule Consultants make 50% off of every $ that is the highest in direct sales!!! You can win a car Have I mentioned how amazing the products are? I sell Mary Kay and it was the best decision I ever made. And when you become a consultant they have a 90% buy back! So you can start your company for no great risk to you or your finances!  Might be biased but I did my research and Mary Kay proves to be the best DS out there! What a legacy to be apart of!
            



5



Elise Gordon



                5 months ago
              


              Love the company, the products, the mission:  Uplift, Empower, Validate!
            



5



Shelbi Sexton Boyce



                5 months ago
              


              Mary Kay is the best! It gave me an amazing life style growing up as a MK kid with my mom a top Cadillac director and now gives so much to my own family's life...more than just an income, a life style & relationships to last a lifetime!
            



5



Sheri Miter



                5 months ago
              


              Totally agree except to my knowledge Mary Kay never sold clothes ?? I've been with Mary Kay for over 20 years , having tried other companies, I can honestly say it's by far the best company! Yes,  the income potential is amazing but it's our culture that truly stands out. MK is about enriching women's lives, creating a positive & rewarding environment for personal growth, &  letting women live out the values of God, family, career while building a career . So Grateful that I was able to raise my 3 boys , work around my husband's schedule & build a successful business for over 22 ye...
            



5



Gale Woolsey



                5 months ago
              


              I fell in love with Mary Kay products over 22 years ago when I became a consultant for this company.  I was hooked the first time I used the skin care and cosmetics. Nothing I've tried has come close to the radiant glow that Mary Kay products give me!  I haven't found another direct sales company where I can make 50% profit and earn commissions, prizes, awards, trips, and earn the use of a free car!  Would I do it all over again?  Absolutely!  Mary Kay:  I'm here to stay!  Thank you for empowering women to put God first, family second and career third!
            



5



Katie Woods



                4 months ago
              


              My go to. They have been around forever and treat you like family. Great products and a company I can stand behind
            



5



Katie Lawrence



                4 months ago
              


              Great products! Great customer service! Great prices! I love everything about Mary Kay skin care and makeup! Everything smells pleasant!
            



5



Kelly Loneker



                4 months ago
              


              Often imitated because of the success of the company for over 50 years; but can not be duplicated because of the faith, vision,  values and ethics passed down from the founder. Simple plan that is all about helping others succeed, feel beautiful and condiedent while you do the same.  It is not a get rich quick scheme- but rather a build wealth over time opportunity that works when you work it! Amazing products. Amazing opportunity .
            



2



Kelli Reece Vance



                4 months ago
              


              Mary kay is not a starter make up. There is a lot to finding the perfevt match of anything with mary kay. And its not as chemical free. There is nothing wrong with mary kay . Its not a bad company. But with my experience the make up is not for me. But their make up remover is the bam.com okay. If you have not tried it. Try it.
            



5



Sarah White



                3 months ago
              


              No other skincare products have consistently delivered results I could depend on.  I know I could spend more on other brands, but I won't get more for what I spend.    I have confidence that I am using the very best in skincare on the market today.
            



5



Betsy



                3 months ago
              


              I love Mary Kay because it is trusted  brand, in the market for 53 years. The products are made  in the US and  made with the best ingredients. I love my skincare! I love how my skin feels, people tell me I look 10- 15 years younger!  Also Mary Kay people are always positive and happy, I love my Mary Kay! :)
            



5



Kym Charles



                3 months ago
              


              Started using MK @ 11yrs old for my skin. Became a consultant at 18 to help put a single mom through college. At 44, 2 successful adult children and 1 more still in college, 2 grandkids & and 24 yr marriage blessed by the values of Faith, Family, & Career being a focus; Mary Kay is still  a tradition thats beauty is much deeper than makeup. The philosopher Cicero once said, "The face is a picture of the mind as the eyes are its interpreter."  Itheater is an honor & privilege to have relationships w/ my clients.  Skin care & make-up is merely the Avenue to which I put more smile...
            



5



Stephanie June Powers



                2 months ago
              


              Because hello it's mary Kay people  not only is it an amazing company to work for but you don't have come workers you have sisters a support team and we are the only company the makes 50% of everything we sell unlike other you take profit away from other people!
            



5



Tj Deller



                2 months ago
              


              My girlfriend has tried just about every brand out there and raves about Mary Kay!
            



5



Inesa Kozlovienė



                1 month ago
              


              Jau 10 metų naudoju šios kompanijos produktus. Esu patenkinta kaip atrodau ir žinau, kad mano oda yra visapusiškai prižiūrėta. Žaviuosi kompanijos filisofija, vizija bei misija. Mary Kay Ash sukūrė tai, ko labiausiai reikia moterims.
            



5



Tine



                1 month ago
              


              Mary Kay has the best quality at a reasonable price. You get a 100% return guarantee - not only for 14 days! - but as long as there is a small left over remains in the container.  AND: The Mary Kay marketing plan is the most rewarding in the direct selling. It has been a reliable Partner since so many years for millions of women. 80% of all female selmade-millionairs are Mary Kay Consultants. So why would anyone want to work with younique??
            



5



Gerry Garcia 



                2 weeks ago
              


              I have tried several Mary Kay products and when I stop using Mary Kay and use drugstore brands I totally miss Mary Kay.  Even though some of their items are more expensive they are definitely worth it. When I go back to using Mary Kay I can tell the difference. My skin totally reacts differently when using Mary Kay.  Some drugstore products are OK and some are definitely not, then I start using Mary Kay.  I absolutely love their moisturizers and the firming eye cream. The moisturizing eyemake up remover is absolutely the best! The revealing  radiance facial peel I absolutely love!
            



5



Stephanie Sato



                4 days ago
              


              PROVEN Success Record and a Company who stands behind their Product and their Consultants.
            























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip

















 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on lentz  family
We found ((number)) records for lentz  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for lentz  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the lentz  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the lentz family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the lentz family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on brown  family
We found ((number)) records for brown  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for brown  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the brown  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the brown family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the brown family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on davis  family
We found ((number)) records for davis  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for davis  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the davis  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the davis family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the davis family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on jones  family
We found ((number)) records for jones  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for jones  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the jones  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the jones family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the jones family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on wilson  family
We found ((number)) records for wilson  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for wilson  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the wilson  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the wilson family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the wilson family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎














mary lentz - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found Mary Lentz | PublicRecordsNow.com



Ad
 ·
PublicRecordsNow.com/​Mary Lentz



Mary Lentz Instant-Address, Phone, Age & More- Search Now





Background Check Instant



Criminal?




People Search NOW



Reverse Phone Search





We Found Mary Lentz | BeenVerified.com



Ad
 ·
www.BeenVerified.com



1) Mary Lentz's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





We Found Mary Lentz | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Mary Lentz



1) Mary Lentz's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Location History



Photos & Videos



Email Address





Searches related tomary lentz



mary lentz attorney


mary lentz facebook


mary lentz boston


mary lentz arrested


mary lentz obituary



lentz kalamazoo


mary lentz malden mo


mrs lentz beavercreek ohio


daniel lentz edward lentz




Web Results

Mary Lentz Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Mary-Lentz


View the profiles of people named Mary Lentz. Join Facebook to connect with Mary Lentz and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to share...


Top 10 Mary Lentz profiles | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/mary/lentz


View the profiles of professionals named Mary Lentz on LinkedIn. There are 62 professionals named Mary Lentz, who use LinkedIn to exchange information, ideas, and ...


Top 25 Mary Lentz profiles in United States | LinkedIn

https://us.linkedin.com/pub/dir/Mary/Lentz/us-0-United-States


View the profiles of professionals named Mary Lentz on LinkedIn. There are 61 professionals named Mary Lentz, who use LinkedIn to exchange information, ideas, and ...


MARY LENTZ - McCall & Almy

mccallalmy.com/team/mary-lentz


A little about Mary. To say Mary is a force in our industry would be a slight understatement. She’s built a reputation for being hardworking, fair and extremely ...


Mary Lentz's Phone Number, Email, Address, Public Records ...

https://www.spokeo.com/Mary-Lentz


478 records for Mary Lentz. Find Mary Lentz's phone, address, and email on Spokeo, the leading online directory


Mary Lentz (Dayton, Ohio Area) on LinkedIn | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/mary-lentz-4608145


View Mary Lentz’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Mary Lentz discover inside ...


Mary Lentz Obituary - Norristown, PA | Times Herald

www.legacy.com/obituaries/timesherald/obituary.aspx?pid=173986648


Mary Lentz of Orwigsburg Mary (Erickson) Lentz, age 96, of Orwigsburg formally of Centre Square went home to the Lord on January 26, 2015. Wife of Elmer Lentz who ...


Mary Lentz | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/Mary-Lentz


View phone, address history, email, public records for the 212 people named Mary Lentz. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.


Mary Lentz Obituaries | Legacy.com

www.legacy.com/obituaries/name/by/lentz/mary


Looking for Mary Lentz obituaries? Browse these and more at Legacy.com


Mary Lentz - 50 Public Records Found - Instant Checkmate

https://www.instantcheckmate.com/people/mary-lentz


Mary Lentz was found 50 times in our database. Matches found in 92 cities including Sierra Madre, California, Altadena, California & Duquesne, Pennsylvania.










We Found Mary Lentz | PublicRecordsNow.com



Ad
 ·
PublicRecordsNow.com/​Mary Lentz



Mary Lentz Instant-Address, Phone, Age & More- Search Now





Background Check Instant



Criminal?




People Search NOW



Reverse Phone Search





We Found Mary Lentz | BeenVerified.com



Ad
 ·
www.BeenVerified.com



1) Mary Lentz's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





We Found Mary Lentz | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Mary Lentz



1) Mary Lentz's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Location History



Photos & Videos



Email Address




Searches related tomary lentz



mary lentz attorney


mary lentz facebook


mary lentz boston


mary lentz arrested


mary lentz obituary



lentz kalamazoo


mary lentz malden mo


mrs lentz beavercreek ohio


daniel lentz edward lentz




12345Next






Answers







Ella Mae Lentz



Ella Mae Lentz (born May 5,1954) is an Deaf American author, poet, teacher, and advocate. Lentz was born in Berkeley, California to two deaf parents....

more






Whistle Stop (film)



(Victor McLaglen), a friend of Kenny's who works for Lentz, talks him into a scheme to rob and kill Lentz at a train station as he leaves for Detroit,...

more






List of postminimalist composers



Janice Giteck Jean Hasse Dennis Kam Guy Klucevsek Joseph Koykkar Jonathan Kramer Paul Lansky Elodie Lauten Mary Jane Leach Daniel Lentz John McGuire...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








