

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 



LEO Pharma - Products | LEO Pharma


























≡










Search










 

 








Products
At LEO Pharma, we are dedicated to developing drugs and therapies that deliver unique value to patients and societies all around the world.


Adapting quickly to new demands, we supply medicines and solutions to patients suffering from skin infections and diseases such as psoriasis, acne and eczema, as well as conditions that require supportive treatments such as thrombosis, kidney disease and cancer.
 
Individualised care
With the comfort of the patient always in focus, we enable nurses and doctors to offer their patients individualised care – so wherever possible, they get once-a-day treatment, rapid results and a therapy that suits their lifestyle.
We communicate ethically and impartially with all doctors, nurses and healthcare administrators, so you are assured of honest advice and quality products.



Therapeutic areas
LEO Pharma's vision is to become the preferred dermatology care partner improving people’s lives around the world.
 
Read more about our therapeutic areas


Report side effects
To report side effects relating to LEO Pharma products, please click here


 
 




 



Products | LEO Pharma



























≡










Search










 

 


 


Products


At LEO Pharma, we are dedicated to developing competitive drugs and therapies that deliver value to patients and societies all around the world. Adapting quickly to new demands, we supply effective medicines to patients suffering from skin diseases such as plaque psoriasis, as well as conditions that require critical care and supportive treatments such as thrombosis.
With the comfort of the patient always in focus, we strive to enable nurses and doctors to offer their patients individualized care – so wherever possible, they get once-a-day treatment, rapid results and a therapy that suits their lifestyle.
We communicate ethically and impartially with all doctors, nurses and healthcare administrators, so you are assured of honest advice and quality products.
 
 



Therapeutic Areas
Read more about our therapeutic areas


LEO Pharma Products
Read more about our products


 
 



 








	GF: Product Catalog






















































































Marketplace Login


PRODUCTS


Bathroom Safety
Beds
Furniture
Lumex Healthcare Seating
Medical, Surgical and Physician
Mobility
Parts
Patient Lifts
Patient Room
Personal Care
Respiratory
Therapeutic Support Surfaces
Wheelchairs



USA MANUFACTURING
COMPANY
COMMUNITY
RESOURCES












Product Catalog




Bathroom Safety
Beds
Furniture
Healthcare Seating
Medical, Surgical and  Physician
Mobility
Patient Lifts
Patient Room
Personal Care
Respiratory
Therapeutic Support Surfaces
Wheelchairs
Parts


















Site Map
Simmons Trademark





        ©2010-2016 GF Health Products, Inc. All rights reserved.Use of the website signifies your agreement to theTerms of Use and Online Privacy Policy














GF MARKETPLACE LOGIN 





PRODUCTS


By Category

BATHROOM SAFETY
BEDS, EXTENDED CARE
BEDS, HOMECARE
FURNITURE
HEALTHCARE SEATING
MEDICAL / SURGICAL
MOBILITY
PATIENT LIFTS
PATIENT ROOMS
PERSONAL CARE / DAILY LIVING AIDS
RESPIRATORY
SUPPORT SURFACES
STRETCHERS / CHAIRS
WHEELCHAIRS



By Brand

BASIC AMERICAN MEDICAL PRODUCTS
EVEREST & JENNINGS
GRAFCO
HAUSTED
JOHN BUNN
LABTRON
LUMEX
LUMISCOPE
SIMMONS CLINICAL CARE




USA MANUFACTURING



ATLANTA, GEORGIA
WARWICK, RHODE ISLAND
FOND-DU-LAC, WISCONSIN




COMPANY



ABOUT GF 
CAREERS
CONTACT
DISTRIBUTION CENTERS
EVENTS
LEADERSHIP
NEWS & PRESS RELEASES
OUR BRANDS
OUR HERITAGE
QUALITY




COMMUNITY

RESOURCES



FORMS 
LITERATURE 
PRODUCT EDUCATION 
SAFETY DATA SHEETS 
VIDEOS






 
         
        


















Button View
List View



        Categories Filter categories





Bathroom Safety

Select


Beds

Select


Furniture

Select




Healthcare Seating

Select


Medical, Surgical and  Physician

Select


Mobility

Select




Patient Lifts

Select


Patient Room

Select


Personal Care

Select




Respiratory

Select


Therapeutic Support Surfaces

Select


Wheelchairs

Select




Parts

Select










Product Catalog

Catalog Home

























GF Health Products, Inc. is one of the world's leading manufacturers of medical products, with 300 US-based employees, marketing our internationally recognized brands.


HOME
PRIVACY POLICY
SITE MAP
SIMMONS TRADEMARK
CONTACT US






©2010-2016 GF HEALTH PRODUCTS, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. USE OF THE WEBSITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS OF USE AND ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY.











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Leo Health, Inc. - Companiesny.com





























Search











Leo Health, Inc. - Companiesny.com



Searching...





Showing 0 (zero) companies.
Follow the instructions below to perform your search

Use quotation marks for compound terms , for example, "Google Fiber".
Make sure all words are correctly written.
In case no results are found try to use less terms.

Search
You can perform an advanced search to filter the results according to your needs. Some examples:

name:"Google payment" address:"Albany"
name:google status:inactive










      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      




<- Previous
1
2
3
4
5
Next ->














Leo Health, Inc.


Tweet







Company Overview Leo Health, Inc. is a corporation based in Delaware and it's registered under DOS number 4601191. Leo Health, Inc. was registered in July      02, 2014. The company's status is listed as Active as recorded in documents filed with New York Department of State.
Entity Name Leo Health, Inc.
DOS ID # 4601191
Initial DOS Filing Date July      02, 2014
County New York
Jurisdiction Delaware
Entity Type Foreign Business Corporation
Entity Status Active






Address Leo Health, Inc., 230 West 79Th Street, Apt 64N, New York, New York, 10024
Registered Agent None
Number of Shares  
Stock Type No Information Available
Share Value  
Name History Jul 02, 2014Leo Health, Inc.

Are you the owner? If you are the owner of this company and wish to remove it from this site, you can submit a removal request.

























Search companies
About Companiesny.com






 



LEO Pharma Products | LEO Pharma



























≡










Search










 

 





LEO Pharma products
Click on the links below to learn more about LEO Pharma products available in the United States.


Dermatology

Enstilar® (calcipotriene and betamethasone dipropionate Foam, 0.005%/0.064% 
Taclonex® (calcipotriene 0.005% and betamethasone dipropionate 0.064%) Topical Suspension
Picato® (ingenol mebutate) gel, 0.015%, 0.05%
Taclonex® (calcipotriene 0.005% and betamethasone dipropionate 0.064%) Ointment
Dovonex® (calcipotriene 0.005%) Cream
Protopic® (tacrolimus) Ointment, 0.03% and 0.1% 

 
 
 
 





 
 



 








 

 
  


 

 
  

  

    
 
  
 Health and Beauty | DrLeonards.com 
  
 

  
    


















 















 

   




 

Click here to sign up and save 15% today!

 
 

Request Catalog|
					See Virtual Catalog| 
					Order Status|
					
Email Sign up|
					
1-800-785-0880|
					My Account|						Sign In|					My Wishlist|
					Customer Service

 


Cart

									() 
									$

 

 
	                                    Your Shopping Cart ( items)
	                                 
[x] Close









	                                        Order Summary
	                                    


	                                        Merchandise Total:
Applicable discounts will show in cart
 $  Continue Shopping
Check Out 



  



 
 

  

  
 






  Health & Beauty 
  

										Arthritis Pain Relief
									
 

										Blood Pressure Monitors
									
 

										Diabetic Socks & Supplies
									
 

										Diet and Exercise
									
 

										Eye Ear & Dental Care
									
 

										Foot Care Products
									
 

										Hair and Nail Care
									
 

										Health Products
									
 

										Incontinence Products
									
 

										Mens Sexual Aids
									
 
 

										Reading Glasses
									
 

										Skin Care Products
									
 

										Womens Sexual Aids
									
 

   
						  		Anti-Arthritis Gloves							 
 
				            	$9.99							


> Shop Now
 
  
  

  Mobility & Support 
  

										Back Supports
									
 

										Canes
									
 

										Compression Socks
									
 

										Compression Stockings
									
 

										General Support
									
 

										Knee Supports
									
 

										Walkers
									
 

										Wheelchairs
									
 

   
						  		Tripod Cane Tip							 
 
				            	$9.99							


> Shop Now
 
  
  

  Womens Clothing 
  

										Bras
									
 

										Caftans
									
 

										Dresses and Sets
									
 

										Fashion Jewelry
									
 

										Hats and Gloves
									
 

										Hosiery
									
 

										Intimate Apparel
									
 

										Loungewear
									
 

										Pants & Skirts
									
 

										Purses
									
 
 

										Shapewear
									
 

										Tunic Tops
									
 

										Wallets for Women
									
 

										Womens Accessories
									
 

										Womens Coats
									
 

										Womens Robes
									
 

										Womens Rompers
									
 

										Womens Separates
									
 

										Womens Pajamas
									
 

   
						  		Keyhole Bra 
							 
 
				            	$12.99							


> Shop Now
 
  
  

  Mens Clothing 
  

										Mens Accessories
									
 

										Mens Belts
									
 

										Mens Coats
									
 

										Mens Gloves
									
 

										Mens Hats
									
 

										Mens Wallets
									
 

										Menswear
									
 

   
						  		Men's Heated Gloves
							 
 
				            	$14.99							


> Shop Now
 
  
  

  Shoe Dept 
  

										Dr Scholl's Shoes
									
 

										Mens Slippers
									
 

										Shoe Accessories
									
 

										Shoes for Men
									
 

										Shoes for Women
									
 

										Womens Boots
									
 

										Womens Sandals
									
 

										Womens Slippers
									
 

   
						  		2-Way Shoe Stretchers
							 
 
				            	$14.99							


> Shop Now
 
  
  

  Home Decor   
  

										Accent Furniture
									
 

										Bathroom Accessories
									
 

										Bedding
									
 

										Floor Mats
									
 

										Furniture Covers
									
 

										Holiday Decor
									
 

										Room Decor
									
 

										Table Linens
									
 

										Wall Decor
									
 

										Window Treatments
									
 

   
						  		Leg Rest
							 
 
				            	$19.99							


> Shop Now
 
  
  

  Housewares 
  

										Cleaning Solutions
									
 

										Cookware
									
 

										Household Helpers
									
 

										Gotham Steel
									
 

										Kitchen Gadgets
									
 

										Kitchen Utensils
									
 

										Pet Supplies
									
 

										Storage Solutions
									
 

										Vinyl Tablecloths
									
 

   
						  		Hurricane Spin Broom
							 
 
				            	$19.99							


> Shop Now
 
  
  

  Outdoor & Garden 
  

										Lanterns and Lighting
									
 

										Lawn and Garden
									
 

										Outdoor Decor
									
 

										Outdoor Helpers
									
 

										Patio Furniture Covers
									
 

										Pest Control
									
 

										Plants
									
 

   
						  		Taclight Lantern
							 
 
				            	$14.99							


> Shop Now
 
  
  

  Auto & Leisure 
  

										Auto Accessories
									
 

										Home Entertainment
									
 

										Knick Knacks
									
 

										Toys and Games
									
 

   
						  		Rocket Copters							 
 
				            	$9.99							


> Shop Now
 
  
  

 





 
 
   
 
     
Catalog Quick Shop










   













 
	        Narrow Results
         

You've Selected
 



Remove

                            Category
                        

 


Remove

                                        Health & Beauty
                                    
 
 
Clear All


 
Sub Category
  Arthritis Pain Relief (13) Blood Pressure Monitors (5) Diabetic Socks & Supplies (6) Diet and Exercise (26) Eye Ear & Dental Care (65) Foot Care Products (39) Hair and Nail Care (41) Health Products (105) Incontinence Products (13) Mens Sexual Aids (46) Reading Glasses (15) Skin Care Products (44) Womens Sexual Aids (59) 



Brand
  20 Minute Dental White RX (1) Activ-otc (1) Advanced Clinicals (1) American Tourister (2) AutoDrop (1) Beautyko (1) Bell-Horn (3) Biologic Solutions (1) BioNutraceuticals (1) Copper Fit (3) Dr. King's Natural Medicine (2) Dr. Laura Berman (2) MagniLife (3) Native Remedies (2) North American Health & Wellness (5) Ped Egg (2) SmithSorensen Nutraceuticals (2) Tri Derma MD (2) Wearever (4) WrisTech (2) 



Price
  Under $10 (170) $10 - $20 (178) $20 - $30 (48) Over $30 (54) 



Size
  10 (Wide) (4) 11 (Wide) (4) 2.5X (28) 3.0X (22) 3.5X (23) 34C (5) 34D (5) 36D (5) 38D (4) 4.0X (15) 46D (5) Extra Large (1X) (21) Extra Large (2X) (15) Extra Large (3X) (11) Extra Large (4X) (5) Large (25) Large-Extra Large (5) Medium (21) Small (14) Small-Medium (5) 



Color
  Beige (6) Black (12) Blue (1) Brown (2) Burgundy (1) Camel (1) Dark Brown (1) Gold (1) Gray (2) Light Blue (1) Light Brown (1) Medium Brown (1) Multi (3) Navy (1) Pastel (1) Pink (3) Purple (1) Red (2) Turquoise (2) White (13) 



Fabric
  Acrylic (4) Cotton (28) Fleece (3) Leather (2) Lycra (4) Nylon (30) Polyester (28) Satin (5) Spandex (20) Terry (1) Thermal (1) Velvet (4) Wool (3) 



New Products
  No (429) Yes (21) 



As Seen on TV Items
  Yes (48) 



Clearance Items
  Yes (41) 



Gender
  Female (59) Male (46) Unisex (345) 



Avg. Rating
  (26) (114) (64) (21) (23) (202) 

 
 
 
          Home > Health & Beauty (462 Items)  Health & Beauty    

			Dr. Leonard's is your trusted source for high-quality, affordable products to support your health and beauty. In addition to our popular product categories of foot care, incontinence, blood pressure monitors, arthritis and pain relief, diabetic supplies, and sexual health, among others, we're also a great resource for beauty and skincare products. Some of our most popular beauty and skincare items include moisturizers and cleansers, wrinkle reducers and skin firming, skin first aid and medical issues, and cosmetics and makeup help.
  View All 
 




						       	Featured Products
							

    




   

 
 Anti-Arthritis Gloves




								More colors available					


						Price: $9.99					

  
 


  


   




   

 
 Health Tracker




								More colors available					


						Price: $9.99					

  
 


  


   




   

 
 Reading Magnifier




								 					


						Price: $3.99					

  
 


 


 


    


  
   




   

 
 Hammer Toe Separator




								 					


						Price: $6.99					

  
 


 


 


    


   




   

 
 Finishing Touch Flawless
As Seen on TV



								 					


						Price: $19.99					

  
 


 


 


    


   




   

 
 Cotton Bra Liners




								 					


						Price: $9.99					

  
 


  


  
   




   

 
 Instant Relief Urinal




								 					


							Price: $4.99					

  
 


  


   




   

 
 TitanMen® Erection Ring
Clearance



								 					


						Price: $9.99					

  
 


 


 


    


   




   

 
 Lazy Readers
Clearance



								 					


                    SALE! $9.99.... $5.99					

 
									 					


 


 


    


  
   




   

 
 Lotion Applicator




								 					


						Price: $3.99					

  
 


 


 


    


   




   

 
 Butterfly Kiss Personal Massager




								 					


						Price: $19.99					

  
 


 


 


    


   




   

 
 WrisTech Blood Pressure Monitor




								 					


						Price: $19.99					

  
 


 


 


    


  
   




   

 
 Women's Diabetic Crew Socks




								 					


							Price: $12.99 to $19.99					

  
 


  


  
  
Back to top



Foot Care

			Foot care products at Dr. Leonard’s are designed to help you take a step in the right direction for better foot health. From in-shoe supports to skin and nail health and therapeutic items for conditions such as bunions and calluses, you’ll find a variety of products and solutions at great value.

Incontinence Products

			Incontinence affects millions of people and can be a result of age, illness, or post-surgery. Dr. Leonard’s offers personal incontinence solutions for men and women as well as waterproof furniture covers and pads.

Blood Pressure Monitors

			Blood pressure is an important indicator of overall health as well as an important marker for the risk of a variety of diseases and health conditions. At Dr. Leonard’s, we offer a variety of bicep and wrist blood pressure monitors designed to make the process easy and accurate for better health management.

Arthritis Pain Relief

			Whether you shop our catalog or our website, Dr. Leonard’s is your source for products to address and relieve arthritis pain. While over-the-counter and prescription pain medicines can provide relief, there are many other options to help reduce arthritis pain, including: topical relief, heating/cooling products, massagers and joint support.

Diabetic Supplies

			Whether you suffer from type 1 diabetes or type 2 diabetes, Dr. Leonard’s has a host of products to help keep you healthy, including diabetic socks, glucose monitoring supplies and skin care products.

Diet & Exercise

			We want to help you eat healthy, feel healthy and be healthy. We offer customers of all ages a vast collection of nutritional supplements, diet aids and exercise accessories to help you reach your health and fitness goals. Many of our exercise products are perfect for persons with limited mobility.

Eye, Ear & Dental Care

			Our online healthcare catalog is packed with items to help you see better, hear better and enjoy healthy teeth and gums. Check out our giant selection of readers in a variety of colors and styles at great prices. Our hearing aids and sound amplifiers ensure you won’t miss a sound. And our dental collection includes items for denture and appliance care as well as tools and accessories for good oral health.

Men’s Grooming

			Discover our selection of scissors and groomers, handy manicure and pedicure sets, hair products, hair growth treatments, shaving products and more.

Reading Glasses

			Reading glasses are some of our most popular items at Dr. Leonard’s. Men and women will find quality readers made with high-impact lenses, sturdy frames and spring hinges for a comfortable fit. Most of our readers are available in sets of three or four, so you get several styles and colors to match your clothing, mood or activity.

Sexual Health

			Dr. Leonard’s believes sexual health is vital to overall health and wellness, so we offer a wide range of products for men and women. You’ll find popular and unique items including massagers, gels and oils, supplements and how-to DVDs.

Skincare

			We offer many products and solutions to help keep your skin as healthy, young-feeling and as good-looking as possible. When it comes to skin care – both everyday care and responding to illness or damage – look to Dr. Leonard’s and our wide variety of options to care for your body’s largest organ.

Shopping for Health & Beauty at Dr. Leonard’s

			We understand your priorities – you’re looking for health and beauty products that are effective, high quality and a great value. At Dr. Leonard’s, that’s what we deliver. No matter what type of health and beauty products you need, we’ll make the shopping process easy and convenient. Our Customer Service Representatives are ready to help you find just what you need, via telephone, mail, fax, email or even online live chat. When you’re ready to order, use our catalog quick shop or search DrLeonards.com to find products to meet your individual needs. You can also choose to shop from our Virtual Catalog to bring the catalog shopping experience to your computer, page by page. No matter how you shop Dr. Leonard’s, your satisfaction is our top priority. If for any reason you are not 100% satisfied with any product you purchase from us, you may return it for a prompt refund.
 
View All
 Sponsored Advertisement



 

Back to top        





Diabetes
Hair Loss   

Hearing Loss & Ear Care
Eye Care & Vision  


Gray Hair
Sleep Disorders  


Weight Loss
Stop Smoking  
 
Dental Care
Foot & Nail Care  


Pain Management
 
 






 



        		Shop our
			




					Current
				


					Deals
				
 








Shop online from our  

Virtual Catalog    






Catalog quick shop











 





    YOU'VE ADDED TO YOUR SHOPPING CART:
            

[x] Close



   

You have  item(s) in your shopping cart.  




                You may also like these products...
              


  




 Product line 
  - Health & Beauty  - Mobility & Support  - Womens Clothing  - Mens Clothing  - Shoe Dept  - Home Decor   
  - Housewares  - Outdoor & Garden  - Auto & Leisure  
- Clearance Outlet
- As Seen On TV





 Customer Service 

- Catalog Request
- Contact Us
- Help
- Shipping Information
- Site Map
- Press Room
- Return & Exchange





  Quick Links 

- About Us
- Privacy Policy
- Secure Shopping
- Terms & Conditions
- Affiliate Program





 Follow us on 

  
  







  



 Questions? Call us at
          1-800-455-1918
2000 - 2017 Dr Leonard's Healthcare Corp. -
          All Rights Reserved.
PO Box 7821, Edison, NJ
          08818-7821 
Visit our other site:
CarolWrightGifts.com
 


 
			We Gladly Accept
			
 



 Security Assurance 



 

ABOUT TRUST ONLINE
 







CLMX6    













LEO stock quote - Dreyfus Strategic Municipals, Inc. Common Stock price - NASDAQ.com




































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search



























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    LEO















Dreyfus Strategic Municipals, Inc. Common Stock Quote & Summary Data 


LEO 
$8.99
*  
0.01

0.11%
Get LEO Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 25, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading LEO now
				        




Exchange:NYSE 
 
Community Rating:  
View: 
 
				    LEO After Hours



















LEO





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks











































News




PriceCharts






TradeHistory





Annual Report










EarningsReport Date





Dynamic quotes: Turn Off
















1 Year Target





                                            Today's High /Low
                                            


                                                    "Today's High" The highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours, the intra-day high.
                                                    
                                                    "Today's Low" The lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours, the intra-day low.
                                                




$ 9.03 / $ 8.95




                                            Share Volume
                                            


                                                    "Share Volume" is the number of shares of the stock traded on the listing exchange during current trading hours. It does not include after hours volume.
                                                





86,498





                                        90 Day Avg. Daily Volume
                                        


                                                This is the average share volume for the past 50 trading days, for NASDAQ stocks and 90 trading days for Non-NASDAQ stocks. This field allows you to compare today's trading to the average daily volume. 
                                            




87,243




                                            Previous Close
                                            


                                                    "Previous Close" is the previous trading day's last reported trade price during official trading hours.
                                                




$ 9




                                            52 Week High/Low
                                            


                                                    "52 Week High" is the highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                    
                                                    "52 Week Low" is the lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                





                                        $ 9.45 / $ 8.17
                                    


 



                                            Market cap
                                            


	                                                “Market Capitalization” is a measure of the estimated value of the common equity securities of the company or their equivalent. It does not include securities convertible into the common equity securities. “Market Capitalization” is derived from the last sale price for the displayed class of listed securities and the total number of shares outstanding for both listed and unlisted securities (as applicable). NASDAQ does not use this value to determine compliance with the listing requirements.
                                                




$ 557,290,379 


Annualized dividend
$ .52




                                            Ex Dividend Date
                                            


                                                    The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




7/12/2017


Dividend Payment Date
7/31/2017




                                            Current Yield
                                            


                                                    Indicated yield represents annual dividends divided by current stock price. The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




5.72 %




                                            Beta
                                            


                                                    "Beta" is a volatility measurement of a stock mutual fund or ETF versus a comparable benchmark like the S&P 500 stock index. A stock fund or ETF with a higher beta than the S&P 500 will rise or fall to a greater degree. In contrast, a stock fund or ETF with a low beta will rise or fall less.
                                                




0






Intraday Chart




5d


1m


6m


12m


More Charting








































News for LEO









                        Municipal Bond Market Weekly - July 18, 2017
                    

7/23/2017 7:57:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        Dreyfus Strategic Municipals, Inc. (LEO) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for July 12, 2017
                    

7/11/2017 9:00:03 AM - NASDAQ.com News



                        Municipal Bond Market Weekly - June 27, 2017
                    

7/3/2017 3:45:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        Q2 2017 Municipal Credit
                    

7/1/2017 7:19:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        Hope For The Best But Prepare For The Worst (With Gold And Munis)
                    

6/12/2017 6:20:00 PM - Seeking Alpha




 Subscribe


                More LEO News & Commentary



                Read LEO Press Releases






























Analyst Info


Annual EPS Est:
$


Quarterly EPS Est:



PEG Ratio:
N/A


Mean Recommendation:





            Data is provided by Zacks Investment Research





View All



View Summary


































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX

















































Leo Health, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 6:53 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of Leo Health, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Leo Health, Inc. develops a mobile application that provides data and health information, premium education content, and tools to help coordinate care to parents and children. Its applications enable users to send messages to child care team; schedule appointments; access child's health data; and submit school forms. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is based in New York, New York.


16 West 22nd Street6th FloorNew York, NY 10010United StatesFounded in 2014



www.leohealth.com







Key Executives for Leo Health, Inc.




Mr. Ben Siscovick


      	Founder and Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Nayan Jain


      	Head of Technology
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'LightArrow Inc. United States @RISK, Inc. United States @YourGate LLC United States 100Insights, Inc. United States 101 Edu, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Leo Health, Inc., please visit www.leohealth.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























