



Thomas Leonard  Obituary  - Milton, Wisconsin - Tributes.com























































- ADVERTISEMENT -















		Play Music
	


		Pause Music
	



A
A
A










Tweet





Help





 | 

Login

 | 

Sign Up











 Obituary Search Advanced Search


State
AL
AK
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
PR
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WI
WV
WY

















Obituary   Search

Advanced Search
Browse by Location
Browse Most Recent
Browse by Date
Find a Funeral Home




Celebrity Deaths

Celebrity Death News
Celebrity Deaths by Category
This Week in History
Year in Review





Sympathy Flowersby your Local Florist



CreateObituary


Grief RecoveryCenter



					Start a Family Tree
	                





Find aFuneral Home











Celebrity Obituaries

Review this week's trending celebrity news stories









Thomas C. Leonard Obituary
			








Remember
		


Thomas C. Leonard



                	March 30, 1936 - March  9, 2009
                	
                	
                		




                    Milton, Wisconsin
                    



Set a Reminder for the Anniversaryof Thomas' Passing




Forward to Family & Friends




Share a Memory



Make a Charitable Donation



Add a Photo




Print



Contact Support


Death Certificates






Click on the item you would like to print.





Obituary





Guestbook





Services





All










Share This Obituary





















			Obituary
        


Funeral Services


Send Condolences


Upgrade


Memory Book






Memories & Candles
Previous




				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“My condolences to your family.  Tom was a wonderful man!  I originally met him through Scouting (religious instruction training) and went on to meet...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
1 of 9 | Posted by: Kari Johnson - Janesville,  WI





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“to the Leonard family, I am sorry for your loss.
To Chris: We know you have been a faithful and regular visitor with your family. May the ties you...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
2 of 9 | Posted by: Richard V. Wagner - Highland,  IL





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“I was sorry to hear about Mr. Leonard's passing!  My brother, Mark reminded me of him being a bus driver in Janesville years ago which is where I...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
3 of 9 | Posted by: Serena Schiefelbein Geil -  WI





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“Katherine and family-
         My thoughts and prayers are with you during this hard time. 
chassidy
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
4 of 9 | Posted by: chassidy -  WI





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“Dear Leonard family, 

We greive with you in the loss of your dad.  We've had a few good times together over the years and will keep them in our...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
5 of 9 | Posted by: Don Eckert - janesville,  WI





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“My condolences to you and your family over your loss.  I shall keep you and your family in my thoughts and prayers.
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
6 of 9 | Posted by: Michael Southers - Janesville,  WI





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“Diana, 
What a wonderful caring daughter you were to your father, especially in these past few years when he needed you.  I'm sure your mother would...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
7 of 9 | Posted by: Kathleen Holford - Janesville,  WI





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“I am sorry to hear of Mr. Leonards death. I was one of his boy scouts.
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
8 of 9 | Posted by: Eric Steinborn - Janesville,  WI





				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“Diana, Paula, Chris, and Tim,
I was so sorry to hear about your father's passing. He was a wonderful person and I'm glad that I had the opportunity...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
9 of 9 | Posted by: Denny Luster - Janesville,  WI





Next




View All


Leave A Memory



Leave Audio Memory



Light A Candle












Sympathy Flowers


				
					Delivery Details provided for:
Schneider Apfel Schneider & Schneider Funeral Directors







JANESVILLE--- Thomas C. Leonard, age 72, of Milton, died on Monday, March 9, 2009, at home. He was born in Alton, IL on March 30, 1936, the son of Leland and Winifred (Magee) Leonard. He graduated from Southern Illinois University-Edwardsville, with a B.S. in Education. Thomas married Donna M. Reisinger on Feb. 16, 1957, in St. Louis, MO and she preceded him in death on July 10, 1998. He had been a Janesville resident for 27 years and a Milton resident for the past 12 years. He was a member of St. Mary Catholic Church, Milton, Boy Scouts of America since 1945, former Scoutmaster for Troop 511, and a member of the Knights of Columbus where he was a Grand Knight. Thomas enjoyed playing poker, studying history, especially the Civil War, and was an avid fan of the St. Louis Cardinals and the Notre Dame Fighting Irish. He especially enjoyed spending time with his grandchildren and great grandchildren. 
He is survived by his 4 children: Diana (Mark) Arneson of Janesville, Paula (Rick Hanson) Leonard of Milton, Chris (Clara) Leonard of Patton, MO and Tim (Heather) Leonard of Franksville, WI; 11 grandchildren: Kirk (Amanda) Arneson, Katherine (Robert James Forde) Arneson, Cassi (Kyle) Larsen, Zack Leonard, Nathan Hanson, Melissa, Wyatt, Kayleigh, Hannah, Joshua and Madeline Leonard; 4 great grandchildren: Megan, Lauren, Kailyn and Arianna; sister, Patricia (Harry) Hardwick of Jackson, TN; and 2 brothers, John Richard (Shirley) Leonard of Fort Smith, AR, and James (Velma) Leonard of Jackson, TN. He was preceded in death by his parents; wife, Donna; and son, Philip Leonard.
A Funeral Service will be held at 11:00 a.m. on Friday, March 13, 2009, at SCHNEIDER APFEL SCHNEIDER & SCHNEIDER FUNERAL HOME with Msgr. James Uppena officiating. Interment will be in Mt. Olivet Cemetery. A visitation will be held on Friday from 10:00 to 11:00 a.m. at SCHNEIDER APFEL SCHNEIDER & SCHNEIDER FUNERAL HOME.



Funeral Home


Schneider Apfel Schneider & Schneider Funeral Directors

				
					1800 E Racine St.
				
				
					Janesville, WI 53545
				
				
		        
					Email Us



Profile of Schneider Apfel Schneider & Schneider Funeral Directors


Send Flowers















Send Condolences

Previous





Send Flowerss





Send Food





Plant a Tree in the Holy Land





Send a Personalized Card





Plant a Tree in the U.S.



Make a Donation




Send a Soup Gift Basket





Create An Oral History





Support Library





Plant Trees in Israel





Memorial Cards & Bookmarks




Next







SEARCH OTHER SOURCES










Visitation


				
				 	
						


	

	
	
		
			March 13, 2009
			
			10:00 AM
			 to 11:00 AM
			
		
		
	



Schneider Apfel Schneider & Schneider Funeral Home

	        	
	
				
				
				
		
		         
		            
		            	
						
							1800 East Racine Street
							
						
		
						
							Janesville, WI 53547
							
						
						
		
						
						
		            
		
					
					  (608) 754-4444
					
		      	
		      	
	      	
Get Directions

Schneider Apfel Schneider & Schneider Funeral Home, 1800 East Racine Street, Janesville, WI 53547
Visitation for Thomas C. Leonard
http://www.tributes.com/obituary/show/Thomas-C.-Leonard-85475733#services
http://www.tributes.com/obituary/get_ics/85475733?service=142684&tr=




Funeral Service


				
				 	
						


	

	
	
		
			March 13, 2009
			
			11:00 AM
			
			
		
		
	



Schneider Apfel Schneider & Schneider Funeral Home

	        	
	
				
				
				
		
		         
		            
		            	
						
							1800 East Racine Street
							
						
		
						
							Janesville, WI 53547
							
						
						
		
						
						
		            
		
					
					  (608) 754-4444
					
		      	
		      	
	      	
Get Directions

Schneider Apfel Schneider & Schneider Funeral Home, 1800 East Racine Street, Janesville, WI 53547
Funeral Service for Thomas C. Leonard
http://www.tributes.com/obituary/show/Thomas-C.-Leonard-85475733#services
http://www.tributes.com/obituary/get_ics/85475733?service=142700&tr=




Interment


				
				 	
						


	

	
	
		
			Friday March 13 2009
			
		
	



Mt. Olivet Cemetery

	        	
	
				
				
				
		
		         
		            
		            	
						
							1827 N. Washington St
							
						
		
						
							Janesville, WI 53545
							
						
						
		
						
						
		            
		
					
					  (608) 754-3472
					
		      	
		      	
	      	
Get Directions

Mt. Olivet Cemetery, 1827 N. Washington St, Janesville, WI 53545
Interment for Thomas C. Leonard
http://www.tributes.com/obituary/show/Thomas-C.-Leonard-85475733#services
http://www.tributes.com/obituary/get_ics/85475733?service=142664&tr=















Create An Online Memorial For Thomas C. Leonard
The beautiful and interactive Eternal Tribute tells Thomas' life story the way it deserves to be told in words, pictures and video.
Create an online memorial to tell that story for generations to come, creating a permanent place for family and friends to honor the memory of your loved one.
Select An Online Memorial Product:


Eternal Tribute
					



Military Tribute
					





View Example


View Example




View Example




$50.00
			
		
		Eternal Tribute
	

Online multimedia memorial with unlimited pictures, videos, music and more
Elegant, immersive format honors your loved one
Customizable themes, backgrounds and music give it that personal touch
Interactive Guest Book lets everyone share their memories and provide support


Processing...

Upgrade





			Tributes.com online obituaries now support Integrated Fundraisers powered by:
			
			If you create a GiveForward Fundraiser with your online obituary, it will be provided at no charge (a $50 value, discounted at checkout).
		








View Example




$50.00
			
		
		Military Tribute
		
	

Enjoy all the features of the Eternal Tribute
Preserve the memory and sacrifices of a loved one’s national service
Choose from five elegant military branch themes
Highlight military service details
Unlimited photos and military record information


Processing...

Upgrade













				Memories & Candles
			






							SignMemory Book
							




							Record An Audio Memory
							




						Light A Candle
						
















My condolences to your family.  Tom was a wonderful man!  I originally met him through Scouting (religious instruction training) and went on to meet him again when we both worked for the Janesville Transit System.
He was fun to be around...once you got past the gruff persona.  Underneath, he was a big ol' Teddy Bear!
Rest in peace, my friend.




			
				
				Posted by: Kari Johnson - Janesville,  WI   Apr 06, 2009
			










to the Leonard family, I am sorry for your loss.
To Chris: We know you have been a faithful and regular visitor with your family. May the ties you have maintained be a comfort to you.
Dick Wagner




			
				
				Posted by: Richard V. Wagner - Highland,  IL   Apr 06, 2009
			










I was sorry to hear about Mr. Leonard's passing!  My brother, Mark reminded me of him being a bus driver in Janesville years ago which is where I knew him.




			
				
				Posted by: Serena Schiefelbein Geil - Milwaukee,  WI   Apr 06, 2009
			










Katherine and family-
         My thoughts and prayers are with you during this hard time. 
chassidy




			
				
				Posted by: chassidy -  WI   Apr 06, 2009
			










Dear Leonard family, 
We greive with you in the loss of your dad.  We've had a few good times together over the years and will keep them in our memories.
Mary and I were better people to have met and mixed with the Leonards.
We pray for those gone and you the survivors.  Keep up the good work. 
Peace!  Don and Mary




			
				
				Posted by: Don Eckert - janesville,  WI   Apr 06, 2009
			










My condolences to you and your family over your loss.  I shall keep you and your family in my thoughts and prayers.




			
				
				Posted by: Michael Southers - Janesville,  WI   Apr 06, 2009
			










Diana, 
What a wonderful caring daughter you were to your father, especially in these past few years when he needed you.  I'm sure your mother would have been proud of you.  You and your family are in my thoughts and prayers.




			
				
				Posted by: Kathleen Holford - Janesville,  WI   Apr 06, 2009
			










I am sorry to hear of Mr. Leonards death. I was one of his boy scouts.




			
				
				Posted by: Eric Steinborn - Janesville,  WI   Apr 06, 2009
			










Diana, Paula, Chris, and Tim,
I was so sorry to hear about your father's passing. He was a wonderful person and I'm glad that I had the opportunity to get to know him. I know that he had been through a lot in the last several years and am comforted to know that he now has a place in heaven with your mother and Phil. Please know that I am thinking of all of you and your respective families.




			
				
				Posted by: Denny Luster - Janesville,  WI   Apr 06, 2009
			







Send Condolences




Send Flowerss





Send Food





Plant a Tree in the Holy Land





Send a Personalized Card





Plant a Tree in the U.S.



Make a Donation




Send a Soup Gift Basket





Create An Oral History





Support Library





Plant Trees in Israel





Memorial Cards & Bookmarks


















- ADVERTISEMENT -

















At Tributes.com we believe that Every Life has a Story  that deserves to be told and preserved.
Tributes.com is the online source for current local and national obituary news and a supportive community where friends and family can come together during times of loss and grieving to honor the memories of their loved ones with lasting personal tributes.
© 2017 Tributes, Inc. All rights reserved.

Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Site Map




About

About Us
Media Center
Advertise with Us
Join our Media Network
Visit Legacy.com




Partners

Funeral Home Partners
Television & Radio Partners
Business Partners



Customer Service

FAQ
Contact Us
Latest Obituaries
Pet Tributes



Funeral Homes

Find a Funeral Home
Become a Partner
Partner Information
Funeral Home Central


























                         Book recommendation: Thomas C. Leonard’s ‘Illiberal Reformers’ - The Washington Post                                                                      2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off                    Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                                   The Volokh Conspiracy   Opinion     Opinion  Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events       Book recommendation: Thomas C. Leonard’s ‘Illiberal Reformers’               The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                 By David Bernstein  By David Bernstein   February 4, 2016    Thomas C. Leonard, with whom I co-authored an article several  years ago, has a new book out, “Illiberal Reformers: Race, Eugenics & American Economics in the Progressive Era.” The book won’t be news to those who have been following Tim’s copious writings, but it may come as a shock to those who think that one can draw a straight line from pre-New Deal progressivism to the liberal “rights revolution” of the post-World War II era. As Leonard’s title suggests, as a rule early progressives were far from liberal in the broad sense of the word. Instead, combining a belief in eugenics and trendy pseudo-science, a distrust of markets, a disavowal of the American natural rights tradition and a broad faith in the power of government to shape society for good, they sought public policies that would benefit “fit” white male breadwinners of northern European origin and their families at the expense of “unfit” African Americans, Eastern and Southern Europeans, women and Northern European men with physical or mental disabilities. Thus, for example, rather than disputing the notion that minimum wage laws would lead to the exclusion of the latter groups from the labor market, progressive reformers thought that this was a strong point in favor of such laws. Moreover, as this favorable book review in the New Republic acknowledges, “in the early twentieth century, progressives displayed an open contempt for individual rights.” Leonard’s book focuses on economists, while my own book, “Rehabilitating Lochner: Protecting Individual Rights from Progressive Reform,” discusses similar intellectual trends in the legal profession, albeit in the broader context of the development of constitutional law. We should not blame modern liberals/progressives for the sins of the original progressives. We should, instead, recognize that modern legal liberalism is an amalgam of progressive ideas (e.g., near-absolute judicial deference to economic regulation), classical liberal ideas (e.g., fundamental rights that trump even valid police power interventions by government) and a dash of labor and other forms of radicalism (e.g., the influence of the ACLU, founded and led by Roger Baldwin, who by 1928 was effusively praising workers’ liberty in Stalin’s USSR, on the development of civil liberties doctrines). (UPDATE: To be clear, the ACLU eventually became an important part of the mainstream liberal establishment, but in its early years, when modern rights-based liberalism was first emerging on the Supreme Court, it was a radical-left organization.) In addition to the New Republic review noted above, Virginia Postrel discusses “Illiberal Reformers” here.         opinions  volokh-conspiracy Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters           opinions  volokh-conspiracy Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters                Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                  David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the Antonin Scalia Law School, George Mason University of Law in Arlington, VA. His latest book, Lawless: The Obama Administration's Unprecedented Assault on the Constitution and the Rule of Law, was published in November.                      Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                                Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series.   You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series.             ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series.        Most Read        1   How ISIS nearly stumbled on the ingredients for a ‘dirty bomb’       2   Charlie Gard’s parents curse, sob and storm out of courtroom over brain scan       3   Sessions discussed Trump campaign-related matters with Russian ambassador, U.S. intelligence intercepts show       4   Germans are learning to love Germany again, and Merkel takes note       5   Former Obama spy chiefs upbraid Trump for his remarks about his intelligence agencies            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe           opinions  volokh-conspiracy     Success! Check your inbox for details.        Please enter a valid email address    You might also like:                 Sign Up No Thanks   See all newsletters        washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices        Close video player   Now Playing                       Read content from allstate           Content from Allstate  This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio.   We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.                                                     










Thomas C. Leonard













Skip to main content












Thomas C. Leonard
Research Scholar, Council of the Humanities    Lecturer, Department of Economics
Robertson Hall,  Princeton UniversityPrinceton, NJ 08544
    (email)
 

 




 
























Winner of the 2017 Joseph J. Spengler Best Book Prize,        History of Economics SocietyFinalist for the 2017 Hayek Prize, The Manhattan InstituteOne of Bloomberg View’s Great History Books of 2016

Thomas Leonard has crafted an elegant, original, andcleverly argued account of core progressive ideas. Illiberal Reformers is deeply researched, and far ranging in the deployment of primary sources. Leonard has not justrecycled material from the voluminous secondary literatures on eugenics, economics, immigration, race ‘theory,’labor studies, and Darwinism. Instead he has invariablyread key thinkers’ publications and quotes from theseprimary documents, often to devastating effect.The book is a major achievement.
– Desmond King, Andrew W. Mellon Professor of American Politics,         Nuffield College, University of Oxford.



 



 






















   Leonard Thomas | TA Instruments Ltd | ZoomInfo.com




Thomas Leonard - Pat Mac's Pack































































 









 

 Pat Mac's Pack
SUPPORTING PEDIATRIC BRAIN TUMOR RESEARCH














Thomas Leonard




Thomas Leonard has raised $200 in donations!









			Amount of Donation ( $ )	



Donate




Thank you to my generous sponsors:James Connors




Description



On Friday June 23rd I will be riding 100K (62 miles) in an effort to find a cure for pediatric brain cancer. Your contribution and support of my ride will truly make a difference in helping the many children and their families who are battling this disease.
THANK YOU!
Thomas



Related Products


Tom McNamara
Donate


Greg Adams
Donate


Walt Dohrman
Donate


Thad Murphy
Donate





 
Search Riders

Search for:




Riders


 Michael Boyle




 Quentin Green




 Vince Sheridan




 Paul O'Keefe




 Matt Ingersoll




 Sean Hopkins




 Tommy Hopkins




 Ryan Foster




 Matt Hoffman




 Skinny Sheahan




 Steve Carvallo




 Tom Ingersoll




 Gavin Grant




 Terry "Boots" Gallagher




 Pete Amraen




 Brendan Duffy




 Tim Shevlin




 Brian McDonagh




 A.J. Lisanti




 Tommy Thanasouras




 John Gibbons




 Kevin Fitzgerald




 Jack Millerick




 Jack Millerick, Jr




 Michael Skrobuton




 Tom Sullivan




 Brian Quinn




 Jack Fahey




 Dylan Dineen




 Mike Swiatowiec




 Chuck Coughlin




 Kevin Henneberry




 Kurt Diana




 Joe Callahan




 Bill Hannigan




 Joe Leonard




 Thomas Leonard




 Tim Rooney




 Joe Murphy




 David Dunne




 Patrick McNulty




 Brendan Cullen




 Michael Jennings




 Mark O'Farrell




 John Staunton




 Daniel Sweeney




 Ed Featherstone




 Dan Hack




 Will Johns




 Sean Kenny




 Bob Millerick




 Drew Youpel




 Mike Striedl




 Bill McDonagh




 Brendan Conroy




 Matt Campbell




 Trevor Martin




 Jon Nelson




 Bob "Heff" Heffernan




 Joe LaRocco




 Tim Campbell Jr




 Mike McCarihan




 Tom Hlousek




 Joe McDonagh




 Mike McCabe




 Dominic LoVerde




 Luke Somerville




 Bill Beemsterboer




 Paul Benson




 Tom Finegan




 Bill Schrader




 Joe Healy




 Bart Clifford




 Steve Bailey




 Mike Lynch Jr




 Jim Fahey




 Matt O'Shea




 Tim Kelly




 Bart Winters




 James Henneberry




 Neill Malone




 Pat Sweeney




 Rich Fitzgerald




 Dan O'Neill




 Mike Hoffman




 Kevin McDonough




 Jim Sullivan




 Conor McNamara




 Dan Sullivan




 Mark Kelly




 Matt Grant




 Sean Flood




 Rob Dunleavy




 Don Mitchell




 Jim Mitchell




 Tim Doody




 Dommie Colletti




 Pat McGrath Sr.




 Mike Lynch




 Pat Grant




 David Manglano




 Jim Malone




 Bob McNamara




 Pat Coakley




 Terry Burke




 Jack McMahon




 Gerry Doherty




 Bob Jennings




 Mike McCarthy




 Kevin Jendra




 Matt McNicholas




 Tim Campbell Sr




 Brian Bonner




 Jamie Lawler




 Thad Murphy




 Mike Muckian




 Tom Finn




 Patrick O'Donnell




 Tim Stevens




 Ray Bauer




 Pat McLaughlin




 Walt Dohrman




 Joe Mueller




 Greg Adams




 Willie Winters




 Tom McNamara




 Donate



Recent News2016 Ride A Success!July 5, 2016On Friday, June 24th, Pat’s Pedaling Pack hit the road …Read More »Pat Mac’s Pack Recognizes 2017 Ride Sponsors and Supporters!June 4, 2016We are proud to recognize the individuals and organizations who …Read More »













            
                                
            Menu Title                
                        
        
Home
Patrick’s Story

Patrick’s Story
Pat Mac’s Pack Mission Statement
History of Pat Mac’s Pack
Our Impact
The Inspiration For Our Logo
Board and Advisors


Donate
Recent News
Events
Pat’s Pedaling Pack

Sponsor a Rider
2017 Supporters


Contact Us
Gallery





































Thomas C. Leonard - Wikipedia





















 






Thomas C. Leonard

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Thomas C. Leonard is a lecturer at the Department of Economics at Princeton, who has written papers on the history of economics.[1] He is author of the 2016 book Illiberal Reformers: Race, Eugenics, and American Economics in the Progressive Era, where he examines the eugenic roots of progressivism.
References[edit]



^ "Research". Scholar.princeton.edu. Retrieved April 11, 2016. 







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Thomas_C._Leonard&oldid=786105504"					
Categories: Princeton University faculty 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 17 June 2017, at 09:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Heartfelt Sympathies Store | Leonard Thomas


























Send Flowers


Plant a Tree


Light a Candle


Donations








For questions or help ordering please call
    1-844-249-9510

















Need help with your order?
1-844-249-9510
|
support@heartfeltsympathies.com



Memorial Candle










 There are some errors in your form.













                                            One Month                                        


                                                $10.00                                            
















                                            One Year                                        


                                                $20.00                                            
















                                            Forever                                        


                                                $50.00                                            








Enter Value:



$







 Candle From *
            0/50


                This field is required.
            

                The name or signature to be displayed with your online memorial candle.
            





 Message
            0/500


                The message to be displayed with your memorial candle.
            





Continue to Checkout










Description


Product Details




                    The solitude and quiet peace of a flickering candle has long been a symbol of remembrance.
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with hosting this Tribute 
Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded
 and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the 
family and friends of Leonard Thomas can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each 
other and enhance this tribute for future generations.

                



Candle will be lit for the limited time of one month


Candle will be lit for the limited time of one year


Candle will be lit indefinitely

Candle message preserved on the memorial site for perpetuity





















© Heartfelt Sympathies 2017
Terms of Use
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policy



















Thomas C Leonard - Naples, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Thomas C Leonard in Naples, FL


Thomas C Leonard

                                                                           Intelius found that Thomas C Leonard  is  a male between 80 and 90 years old from Naples, FL.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Thomas C Leonard is in his 80s

Thomas Has Lived In

Naples, FL
Londonderry, NH
Topsfield, MA

Thomas's Relatives

Irma Leonard
Crystal Williams
Nicholas Leonard
Craig Leonard







Thomas C Leonard



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Thomas? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Thomas, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Thomas C Leonard
Get a Criminal Check on Thomas C Leonard
Get a Public Record Report on Thomas C Leonard
Get a People Search Report on Thomas C Leonard


Thomas C Leonard's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Thomas C Leonard has lived as well as Thomas C Leonard's phone numbers and email addresses.




Thomas C Leonard Has Lived in 3 States
Florida Address for Thomas C Leonard


2342 C******* W** 

Naples, FL


Has Lived In

Naples, FL
Londonderry, NH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Thomas C Leonard

(239) ***-**** - Naples, FL 
(978) ***-**** - Topsfield, MA 
(941) ***-**** - Naples, FL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Thomas C Leonard



Get Email Report




Thomas C Leonard's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Thomas C Leonard


Thomas C Leonard's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Thomas C Leonard's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Thomas Leonard
Username Matches

                  ThomasLeonard
                  LeonardThomas
                  Thomas.Leonard
                  Leonard.Thomas
                  Thomas_Leonard
                  Leonard_Thomas
                  Thomas-Leonard
                  Leonard-Thomas
                  TLeonard
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Leonard







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings










































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























