




LEONARD RAY - GILMER, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



GILMER



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            LEONARD RAY
                                    



 





















L 


LEONARD RAY
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4391 PRIVATE ROAD 1132 GILMER, TX 75645
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $70,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts LEONARD RAY







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Leonard Ray was founded in 2005, and is located at 4391 Private Road 1132 in Gilmer. It employs 1 employees and is generating approximately $70,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















Sugar Ray Leonard - Wikipedia






















 






Sugar Ray Leonard

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sugar Ray Leonard



Leonard in 2007



Statistics


Real name
Ray Charles Leonard[1]


Nickname(s)
Sugar


Weight(s)



Welterweight
Light middleweight
Middleweight
Super middleweight
Light heavyweight





Height
5 ft 10 in (178 cm)


Reach
74 in (188 cm)


Nationality
American


Born
(1956-05-17) May 17, 1956 (age 61)[1]
Wilmington, North Carolina, U.S.[1]


Stance
Orthodox


Boxing record


Total fights
40


Wins
36


Wins by KO
25


Losses
3


Draws
1




Medal record



Men's amateur boxing


Representing  United States


Olympic Games



1976 Montreal
Light welterweight


Pan American Games



1975 Mexico City
Light welterweight







Ray Charles Leonard (born May 17, 1956), best known as "Sugar" Ray Leonard, is an American former professional boxer, motivational speaker, and occasional actor. Often regarded as one of the greatest boxers of all time, he competed from 1977 to 1997, winning world titles in five weight divisions; the lineal championship in three weight divisions;[2] as well as the undisputed welterweight title.[3] Leonard was part of "The Fabulous Four",[4] a group of boxers who all fought each other throughout the 1980s, consisting of himself, Roberto Durán, Thomas Hearns and Marvin Hagler.
"The Fabulous Four" created a wave of popularity in the lower weight classes that kept boxing relevant in the post-Muhammad Ali era, during which Leonard defeated future fellow International Boxing Hall of Fame inductees Hearns, Durán, Hagler, and Wilfred Benítez.[5][6] Leonard was also the first boxer to earn more than $100 million in purses, and was named "Boxer of the Decade" in the 1980s.[7] The Ring magazine named him Fighter of the Year in 1979 and 1981, while the Boxing Writers Association of America (BWAA) named him Fighter of the Year in 1976, 1979, and 1981.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Amateur career

2.1 Achievements


3 Change in plans
4 Professional career

4.1 Early professional career
4.2 First world title

4.2.1 Leonard vs. Benitez
4.2.2 Leonard vs. Green


4.3 The Brawl in Montreal
4.4 Revenge in New Orleans
4.5 Second world title

4.5.1 Leonard vs. Bonds
4.5.2 Leonard vs. Kalule


4.6 The Showdown


5 Retirement and return

5.1 The Super Fight
5.2 Another comeback

5.2.1 Leonard v Lalonde
5.2.2 Leonard v Hearns
5.2.3 Leonard v Duran
5.2.4 Leonard v Norris


5.3 The last comeback


6 Professional boxing record
7 Media appearances
8 Personal life

8.1 Family
8.2 Charity work
8.3 Molestation


9 See also
10 References
11 External links



Early life[edit]
Leonard, the fifth of seven children of Cicero and Getha Leonard, was born in Wilmington, North Carolina.[1] He was named after Ray Charles, his mother's favorite singer.[8] The family moved to Washington, D.C., when he was three, and they settled permanently in Palmer Park, Maryland when he was ten. His father worked as a supermarket night manager and his mother was a nurse. He attended Parkdale High School, Leonard was a shy child, and aside from the time he nearly drowned in a creek during a flood in Seat Pleasant, Maryland, his childhood was uneventful. He stayed home a lot, reading comic books and playing with his dog. His mother said: "He never did talk too much. We never could tell what he was thinking. But I never had any problems with him. I never had to go to school once because of him."[9]
Amateur career[edit]
Leonard started boxing at the Palmer Park Recreation Center in 1969. His older brother, Roger, started boxing first. Roger helped start the boxing program, urging the center's director, Ollie Dunlap, to form a team. Dave Jacobs, a former boxer, and Janks Morton volunteered as boxing coaches. Roger won some trophies and showed them off in front of Ray, goading him to start boxing.
In 1972, Leonard boxed in the featherweight quarterfinals of the National AAU Tournament, losing by decision to Jerome Artis. It was his first defeat. Later that year, he boxed in the Eastern Olympic Trials. The rules stated that a boxer had to be seventeen to box in international competition, so Leonard, only sixteen, lied about his age.[10] He made it to the lightweight semifinals, losing a disputed decision to Greg Whaley, who took such a beating that he wasn't allowed to continue in the trials and never boxed again.[11]
Sarge Johnson, assistant coach of the U.S. Olympic Boxing Team, said to Dave Jacobs, "That kid you got is sweet as sugar". The nickname stuck. However, given his style and first name, it was probably only a matter of time before people started calling him Sugar Ray, after the man many consider to be the best boxer of all time, Sugar Ray Robinson.[12]
In 1973, Leonard won the National Golden Gloves Lightweight Championship, but lost to Randy Shields in the lightweight final of the National AAU Tournament. The following year, Leonard won the National Golden Gloves and National AAU Lightweight Championships. Leonard suffered his last two losses as an amateur in 1974. He lost a disputed decision to Anatoli Kamnev in Moscow, after which, Kamnev gave the winner's trophy to Leonard. In Poland, Kazimierz Szczerba was given a decision victory over Leonard, even though he was dominated in the first two rounds and dropped three times in the third.[13]
Leonard won the National Golden Gloves and National AAU Light Welterweight Championships in 1974. The following year, he again won the National AAU Light Welterweight Championship, as well as the Light Welterweight Championship at the Pan American Games.
In 1976, Leonard made the U.S. Olympic Team as the light welterweight representative. The team also included Leon and Michael Spinks, Howard Davis, Jr., Leo Randolph, Charles Mooney, and John Tate. Many consider the 1976 U.S. team to be the greatest boxing team in the history of the Olympics.[14] Leonard won his first four Olympic bouts by 5–0 decisions. He faced Kazimierz Szczerba in the semifinals and won by a 5–0 decision, avenging his last amateur loss.
In the final, Leonard boxed the great Cuban knockout artist Andrés Aldama, who scored five straight knockouts to reach the final. Leonard landed several good left hooks in the first round. In the second, he dropped Aldama with a left to the chin. Late in the final round, he again hurt Aldama, which brought a standing eight count from the referee.
With only a few seconds left in the fight, a Leonard combination forced another standing eight count. Leonard was awarded a 5–0 decision and the Olympic Gold Medal. Afterward, Leonard announced, "I'm finished...I've fought my last fight. My journey has ended, my dream is fulfilled. Now I want to go to school." He was given a scholarship to the University of Maryland, a gift from the citizens of Glenarden, Maryland. He planned to study business administration and communications.[15] He finished his amateur career with a record of 145–5 and 75 KO's.[16]
Achievements[edit]

1973 National Golden Gloves Lightweight Champion, defeating Hilmer Kenty.
1973 National AAU Light Welterweight Championship runner-up, losing to Randy Shields.
1974 National Golden Gloves Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Jeff Lemeir.
1974 National AAU Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Paul Sherry.
1974 North American Championships Gold Medalist, defeating Robert Proulx.
1975 National AAU Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Milton Seward.
1975 North American Championships Gold Medalist, defeating Michel Briere.
1975 Pan American Games Light Welterweight Gold Medalist, defeating Victor Corona.
1976 Olympic Light Welterweight Gold Medalist, defeating Andrés Aldama.


Olympic Results


Defeated Ulf Carlsson (Sweden) points 5–0
Defeated Valery Limassov (Soviet Union) points 5–0
Defeated Clinton McKenzie (Great Britain) points 5–0
Defeated Ulrich Beyer (East Germany) points 5–0
Defeated Kazimierz Szczerba (Poland) points 5–0
Defeated Andrés Aldama (Cuba) points 5–0[17]

Change in plans[edit]
Juanita Wilkinson, Leonard's high school girlfriend, told him she was pregnant in the summer of 1973. They decided to have the baby but marriage would be put off until after the Olympics in 1976. Leonard would continue to pursue his Olympic dream while she and the baby, Ray Charles Leonard, Jr., lived with her parents. When Leonard boxed in the Olympics, he had a picture of Wilkinson taped to his sock.
Shortly before the Olympics, Wilkinson had filed an application to receive $156 a month in child support payments from Prince George's County. She named Leonard as the father and the county's state attorney's office filed a civil suit against Leonard to establish paternity and get support payments for the child. Leonard learned of the suit several days after returning home from the Olympics. The headline in the Washington Star read, "Sugar Ray Leonard Named in Welfare Dept. Paternity Suit".[18]
Wilkinson went to the Olympics to watch Leonard box, but she did not tell him about the suit and never asked him for any money. "I didn't feel like being bothered by all those complications by asking him for any money for support", she said. Leonard pledged he would support his son, even if he had to scrap plans to attend college.[19]
Leonard had hoped to get lucrative endorsements following his gold medal win, but the negative publicity from the paternity suit chased off any big commercial possibilities. To make matters worse, his father was hospitalized with meningitis and his mother suffered a heart attack. With neither parent able to work, with his child and the mother of his child to support, and without any endorsement opportunities, Leonard decided to become a professional boxer.[20]
Professional career[edit]
Early professional career[edit]
When Leonard decided to turn professional, Janks Morton introduced him to Mike Trainer, a friend of his who was an attorney. Trainer talked 24 of his friends and clients into underwriting Leonard's career with an investment of $21,000 to be repaid within four years at 8% interest. Trainer then made Leonard the sole stockholder in Sugar Ray Leonard, Inc. Angelo Dundee, Muhammad Ali's trainer, was brought in to be Leonard's trainer and manager. Many of the people being considered wanted absolute control and a cut somewhere near the manager's traditional 33%. Dundee had a different proposition. Although he would prescribe the training procedures, he would leave the day-to-day work to Dave Jacobs and Janks Morton. He would also choose Leonard's opponents. For his services, Dundee would get 15% of Leonard's purse.[21]
Leonard made his professional debut on February 5, 1977 before a crowd of 10,270 at the Civic Center in Baltimore. He was paid $40,044 for the fight. His opponent was Luis "The Bull" Vega, whom he defeated by a six-round unanimous decision.[22] After the fight, Leonard paid back his $21,000 loan to the investors.[23]
In his fourteenth professional fight, Leonard fought his first world-ranked opponent, Floyd Mayweather, who was ranked seventeenth. The fight took place on September 9, 1978.[citation needed] Leonard won by a tenth-round knockout.[24] A month later, Leonard defeated his old amateur nemesis Randy Shields by a ten-round unanimous decision.[25][26]
On August 12, 1979, Leonard knocked out Pete Ranzany in four rounds to win the NABF Welterweight Championship.[27] The following month, he made his first title defense against Andy Price. Many felt that Price would give Leonard a tough fight, but Leonard took him out in the first round, advancing his record to 25–0 with 16 knockouts.[28]
First world title[edit]
Leonard vs. Benitez[edit]
Leonard fought Wilfred Benítez for the WBC Welterweight Championship on November 30, 1979, at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada. There was a capacity crowd of about 4,600. Leonard received $1 million and Benitez, a two-division champion with a record of 38–0–1, received $1.2 million.
It was a highly competitive and tactical battle. In the first round, Leonard rocked Benitez with a left hook that came off a jab and right cross. Late in the third, Leonard dropped Benitez on the seat of his pants with a stiff left jab. More embarrassed than hurt, Benitez got up quickly.
Benitez started to do better in the fourth, slipping numerous punches and finding the range with his right hand. "I wasn't aware I was in a championship early because I hit him so easy", Leonard said. "But then he adjusted to my style. It was like looking in a mirror".
In the sixth, there was an accidental clash of heads, which opened a cut on the forehead of Benitez. Blood flowed down his forehead and the bridge of his nose but stayed out of his eyes.
Leonard landed the harder punches and had Benitez hurt several times late in the fight, but Leonard couldn't put him away. Benitez was very slick. "No one, I mean no one, can make me miss punches like that", Leonard said.
Going into the final round, Leonard led by scores of 137–130, 137–133, and 136–134. The two went toe-to-toe in the fifteenth. Late in the round, Leonard dropped Benitez with a left. He got up, but after a few more punches, the referee stopped the fight. The time was 2:54 of round fifteen.[29]
The Boxing Writers Association of America and The Ring named Leonard "Fighter of the Year" for 1979.
Leonard vs. Green[edit]
Leonard made his first title defense in Landover, Maryland, on March 31, 1980. His opponent was Dave "Boy" Green. The British challenger had a record of 33–2. In the fourth round, Leonard knocked Green out with a devastating left hook. Leonard called it "the hardest single punch I ever threw."[30]
The Brawl in Montreal[edit]
On June 20, 1980, Leonard returned to the Olympic Stadium in Montreal to defend his title against Roberto Durán before a crowd of 46,317. Durán, the former Undisputed World Lightweight Champion for 6 1/2 years, had a record of 71–1 and was the #1 welterweight contender and considered the best "Pound for Pound" fighter in the world. Durán received $1.5 million and Leonard, working for a percentage of the closed-circuit gate as well as a guarantee, received over $9 million.
Angelo Dundee counseled Leonard to box, to move side to side and not to get caught on the ropes. However, Leonard decided to fight Durán's way. "Flat-footed", he said. "I will not run."[31]
Durán forced the issue and took the fight to Leonard, cutting off the ring and denying Leonard space to fight his fight. Durán attacked at almost every turn. Leonard battled back again and again, but he had to work just to find room to breathe and swing, at times simply to survive. In the second, Durán rocked Leonard with a left hook, sending him into the ropes. Leonard started to do better by the fifth round, finding some punching room and throwing numerous multi-punch combinations. The two fought with great intensity throughout the fight. According to Bill Nack:

It was, from almost the opening salvo, a fight that belonged to Durán. The Panamanian seized the evening and gave it what shape and momentum it had. He took control, attacking and driving Leonard against the ropes, bulling him back, hitting him with lefts and rights to the body as he maneuvered the champion against the ropes from corner to corner. Always moving forward, he mauled and wrestled Leonard, scoring inside with hooks and rights. For three rounds Durán drove at Sugar Ray with a fury, and there were moments when it seemed the fight could not last five. Unable to get away, unable to counter and unable to slide away to open up the ring, Leonard seemed almost helpless under the assault. Now and then he got loose and countered—left-right-left to Durán's bobbing head—but he missed punches and could not work inside, could not jab, could not mount an offense to keep Durán at bay.[31]

Durán was awarded a unanimous decision, although it was mistakenly read as a majority decision in the ring. The scorecard of judge Angelo Poletti was incorrectly added and announced as 147–147. He actually scored it 148–147. In rounds, he had it three for Durán, two for Leonard, and ten even. Sports Illustrated called his scorecard "a monument to indecision." Judges Raymond Baldeyrou and Harry Gibbs scored the fight 146–144 and 145–144, respectively. Associated Press had it 144–141 for Durán, while The New York Times had Leonard ahead 144–142.
"I did the best I could", Leonard said. "I think I pretty much fought from the heart." Asked if Leonard was the best he ever fought, Durán thought for a moment and then answered, "Si, si." Durán said. "He does have a heart. That's why he's living."[32][33]
Revenge in New Orleans[edit]
The rematch, billed as "Stone vs. Sugar.. Once Again", took place November 25, 1980 at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans in front of 25,038 fans. Leonard received $7 million and Durán received $8 million.
Dave Jacobs disagreed with the decision to have an immediate rematch with Durán and terminated his relationship with Leonard when the rematch was made. "My idea is that he should have a tuneup fight before he fights with Roberto again", Jacobs said. "I think he won the fight with Durán, but I don't think it is healthy for him to be fighting Durán right away".[34]
After the Montreal fight Durán went on a partying binge and ballooned in weight. Leonard was aware of this, and in an interview for Beyond the Glory he said: "My intention was to fight Durán ASAP because I knew Durán's habits. I knew he would indulge himself, he'd gain 40–50 lbs and then sweat it off to make 147." Unlike the fight in Montreal, Leonard used his superior speed and movement to outbox and befuddle Durán. "The whole fight, I was moving, I was moving", Leonard said. "And Voom! I snapped his head back with a jab. Voom! I snapped it back again. He tried to get me against the ropes, I'd pivot, spin off and Pow! Come under with a punch."
In round seven, Leonard started to taunt Durán. Leonard's most memorable punch came late in the round. Winding up his right hand, as if to throw a bolo punch, Leonard snapped out a left jab and caught Durán flush in the face. "It made his eyes water", Leonard said. He continued to taunt Durán mercilessly. He stuck out his chin, inviting Durán to hit it. Durán hesitated. Leonard kept it up, continuing to move, stop, and mug.
In the closing seconds of the eighth round, Durán turned his back to Leonard and quit, saying to referee Octavio Meyran, "No Mas." Leonard was the winner by a technical knockout at 2:44 of round eight, regaining the WBC Welterweight Championship. Leonard led by scores of 68–66, 68–66 and 67–66.[35]
Durán said he quit because of stomach cramps, caused by overeating after the weigh-in. "At the end of the fifth round, I got cramps in my stomach and it kept getting worse and worse", Duran later said. "I felt weaker and weaker in my body and arms." He then announced, "I am retiring from boxing right now." During the night Durán was admitted to a hospital with stomach pains, and discharged the following day.
Everyone was surprised by Durán's actions, none more so than his veteran trainers, Freddie Brown and Ray Arcel. "I was shocked", Brown said. "There was no indication that he was in pain or getting weak."[36] Arcel was angry. "That's it", he said. "I've had it. This is terrible. I've handled thousands of fighters and never had anyone quit on me. I think he needs a psychiatrist more than he needs anything else." Durán's manager, Carlos Eleta, said, "Durán didn't quit because of stomach cramps. He quit because he was embarrassed. I know this."[37] According to Randy Gordon, who witnessed Durán's antics beforehand and was in his dressing room immediately afterwards, Durán quit because of his huge eating binge prior to the fight.[38]
"I made him quit", Leonard said. "To make a man quit, to make Roberto Durán quit, was better than knocking him out."[39]
Second world title[edit]
Leonard vs. Bonds[edit]
On March 28, 1981, Leonard defended his title against Larry Bonds, the WBC sixth-ranked contender, at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse, New York. Bonds was a southpaw, which made him a good opponent for Leonard, given that his next opponent was scheduled to be the WBA Light Middleweight Champion Ayub Kalule, a southpaw.
Leonard was the aggressor throughout, with Bonds circling the ring. He staggered Bonds with a right in the fourth round and dropped him with a follow-up combination. Bonds got up and continued to move, with Leonard in pursuit. Leonard dropped him again in the tenth. Bonds rose but Leonard didn't let him off the hook. The referee stopped the fight with Bonds taking punishment in a corner.[40]
Leonard vs. Kalule[edit]
Leonard moved up to the junior middleweight division and faced Kalule on June 25, 1981 at the Astrodome in Houston, Texas. Kalule, who was 36–0, had been the WBA Light Middleweight Champion for two years.
Kalule and his handlers had expected Leonard to use lateral movement against him, but Leonard took the fight to Kalule. After eight tough rounds, Leonard was ahead although Kalule appeared to be coming on strong in the eight and ninth. Leonard finally hurt him with a right to the head. Shortly afterward, Leonard dropped him with a flurry of punches. Kalule got up but the referee waved it off. Leonard celebrated his victory with a full 360-degree, no-hands flip.[41] Despite an official stoppage time of 2.59, the fight was actually stopped at 3.06 into the round, meaning Kalule should have been saved by the bell.[42]
The Showdown[edit]
Main article: Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Thomas Hearns
Promoted as "The Showdown", Leonard fought Thomas Hearns on September 16, 1981 at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas to unify the World Welterweight Championship in a scheduled fifteen-rounder. They fought before a live crowd of 23,618. Hearns was paid $5.1 million, and Leonard made over $11 million. The fight grossed over $35 million. The live gate was $5.9 million, and the revenue from pay-per-view was $7.5 million.
Hearns, 32–0 with 30 knockouts, won the WBA Welterweight Championship in 1980, scoring a second-round knockout of José "Pipino" Cuevas in Detroit, Michigan. He made three successful title defenses, stopping Luis Primera, Randy Shields, and Pablo Baez.
The fight began as expected, Leonard boxing from a distance and Hearns stalking. Leonard had difficulty with Hearns' long reach and sharp jab. By the end of round five, Leonard had a growing swelling under his left eye, and Hearns had built a considerable lead on the scorecards. Leonard, becoming more aggressive, hurt Hearns in the sixth with a left hook to the chin. Leonard battered Hearns in rounds six and seven, but Hearns regrouped. Hearns started to stick and move, and he started to pile up points again. The roles reversed: Leonard became the stalker and Hearns became the boxer. The fight billed as a classic showdown between a powerful knockout artist and the best boxer/puncher the welterweight division had seen in decades devolved into a tactical and boring fight.
Hearns won rounds nine through twelve on all three scorecards. Between rounds twelve and thirteen, Angelo Dundee told Leonard, "You're blowing it, son! You're blowing it!".
Leonard, with a badly swollen left eye, came out roaring for the thirteenth round. After hurting Hearns with a right, Leonard exploded with a combination of punches. Hearns' legs were clearly gone and after more pressure from Leonard he was bundled through the ropes, no knockdown was given as it wasn't a punch that sent him there. Hearns managed to rise, but was dropped by a flurry of hard punches near the end of the round.
In round fourteen, after staggering Hearns with an overhand right, Leonard pinned Hearns against the ropes, where he unleashed another furious combination, prompting referee Davey Pearl to stop the contest and award Sugar Ray Leonard the Unified World Welterweight Championship. Hearns was leading by scores of 124–122, 125–122, and 125–121.
After the fight, there was controversy due to the scoring of rounds six and seven. Even though Leonard dominated, hurting Hearns and battering him, all three judges gave both rounds to Leonard by a 10–9 margin. Many felt that the ten-point must scoring system was not properly used and those rounds should have been scored 10–8.[43] Some also considered the stoppage premature. Veteran ringside commentator Don Dunphy said "They're stopping the fight. I don't believe it. Hearns was ahead on points." However, Emanuel Steward, Hearns' manager and trainer, said, "I felt that the referee was justified in stopping the fight ... Tommy did not have enough energy to make it through the fight."[44]
The fight was named "Fight of the Year" by The Ring.
Leonard was named "Fighter of the Year" by The Ring and The Boxing Writers Association of America. He was also named "Athlete of the Year" by ABC's Wide World of Sports and "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.[45]
Retirement and return[edit]
On February 15, 1982, Leonard defended the unified title against Bruce Finch, the WBC fourth-ranked contender. Leonard knocked him out in the third round.[46] Leonard's next fight was scheduled to be against Roger Stafford on May 14, 1982, in Buffalo, New York. While training, Leonard started to see floaters. He went to a doctor and discovered that he had a detached retina. The fight was cancelled, and Leonard had surgery to repair the retina on May 9, 1982.[47]
On November 9, 1982, Leonard invited Marvin Hagler and other boxing dignitaries to a charity event in Baltimore, Maryland to hear him announce whether he would continue his career. Standing in a boxing ring with Howard Cosell, the master of ceremonies, Leonard announced his retirement, saying a bout with Hagler would unfortunately never happen. Leonard maintained his eye was fully healed, but that he just didn't want to box anymore.[48]
Missing the limelight and the competition, Leonard announced in December 1983 that he was returning to the ring. Leonard boasted that he would have a couple of ten-round bouts and then take on Milton McCrory, Donald Curry, Durán, Hearns and finally Hagler. This decision was met with a torrent of criticism from fans and the media, who felt Leonard was taking unnecessary risks with his surgically repaired eye.[49]
A bout with Philadelphia's Kevin Howard, who was 20–4–1, was scheduled for February 25, 1984. The fight was postponed when Leonard had minor surgery on his right eye to fix a loose retina. This latest eye problem further fueled the flames of those who opposed Leonard's comeback.[50]
Before the fight with Howard, Dave Jacobs rejoined Leonard's team in a limited role. Jacobs had quit in 1980, disagreeing with Leonard's decision to have an immediate rematch with Durán.[51]
Leonard and Howard fought on May 11, 1984, in Worcester, Massachusetts. Howard knocked Leonard flat on his back in the fourth round. It was the first knockdown of Leonard's professional career. Leonard came back to stop Howard in the ninth round, but the stoppage was disputed, with some feeling that the referee stopped the fight prematurely. Leonard was ahead on all three scorecards at the time of the stoppage. At the post-fight press conference, Leonard surprised everyone by announcing his retirement again, saying he just didn't have it anymore.[52]
The Super Fight[edit]
On March 10, 1986, Marvin Hagler knocked out John Mugabi in eleven rounds to retain the Undisputed World Middleweight Championship for the twelfth time and advance his record to 62–2–2. "I was ringside", Leonard said. "I'm watching John 'The Beast' Mugabi fight Hagler. Of all people, John 'The Beast' Mugabi." It was then that Leonard decided to come back and fight Hagler. He called Mike Trainer and said, "I can beat Hagler".
On May 1, 1986, Leonard announced on a Washington, D.C. talk show that he would return to the ring to fight Hagler. The announcement generated a lot of controversy because of Leonard's inactivity and eye injuries, yet it also excited many sports fans who had hoped to see them fight years earlier. Hagler took a few months to decide, then agreed to the match.[53]
The fight, promoted as "The Super Fight" and "The King of the Ring", was scheduled for April 6, 1987, at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. Leonard was guaranteed $11 million, and Hagler was guaranteed $12 million. Hagler was a heavy favorite. The odds started at 4–1, then settled at 3–1. A paying crowd 12,379 generated a live gate of $6.2 million. According to Bob Arum, the fight grossed $78 million which would equates to $170m in 2016.
The original fight plan for Leonard was to go toe-to-toe with Hagler and try to cut him, but the plan changed about five days before the fight. Leonard got hit by sparring partner Quincy Taylor and was badly buckled. "He almost knocked me out", Leonard said. After that, Leonard decided to box Hagler.[54]
Many were surprised that Hagler, a natural southpaw, opened the fight boxing out of an orthodox stance. After the quick and slick Leonard won the first two rounds on all three scorecards, Hagler started the third round as a southpaw. Hagler did better, but Leonard's superior speed and boxing skill still allowed him to control the fight. Hagler looked stiff and mechanical and missed the speedy Leonard time and again prompting ringside commentator for the NBC network re-broadcast Gil Clancy to remark "...and is he ever missing...Leonard isn't doing anything to make him miss, he's just missing!"
By the fifth, Leonard, who was moving a lot, began to tire and Hagler started to get closer. Hagler buckled Leonard's knees with a right uppercut near the end of the round, which finished with Leonard on the ropes. Hagler continued to score somewhat effectively in round six. Leonard, having slowed down, was obliged to fight more and move less. However, he was able to outpunch Hagler along the ropes and got the better of several bristling exchanges. Hagler never seized total control of the fight as he had against Thomas Hearns two years earlier, when he brutalized Hearns and scored a third-round knockout. Hagler's punches lacked snap and, although he was scoring solidly to the body, he looked nothing like the powerful fighter who had dominated the middleweight division for the previous five years. Leonard's observation that the Hagler who beat John Mugabi was older and slower proved to be spot on. In rounds seven and eight, Hagler's southpaw jab was landing solidly and Leonard's counter flurries were less frequent.
Round nine was the most exciting round of the fight. Hagler hurt Leonard with a left cross and pinned him in a corner. Leonard looked to be in trouble, but he furiously fought his way out of the corner. The action see-sawed back and forth for the rest of the round, with each man having his moments. However, Hagler's moments were more spectacular and one of Hagler's cornermen: Roger Perron (in an interview that took place on an episode of HBO's Legendary Nights episode segments in 2003) later stated that: "the ninth round was probably Marvin (Hagler)'s, best round".
Round ten was tame by comparison, as the pace slowed after the furious action of the previous round but with Hagler having more spectacular moments. Despite Leonard's obvious fatigue, he boxed well in the eleventh. Every time Hagler scored, Leonard came back with something flashier and more eye-catching, if not as effective. But at that point in the fight, Hagler appeared to be slightly more ring-general and clearly more aggressive. Between rounds eleven and twelve, Leonard's trainer: Angelo Dundee, implored Sugar Ray to get up off his stool yelling "We got three minutes...new champ...new champ!" Leonard yelled "Yeah!" and played to the screaming crowd. Hagler's corner was much more reserved prompting Clancy to comment: "They're talking to him like it's an IBM meeting or something...no emotion." In the final round, Hagler continued to chase Leonard. He hit Leonard with a big left hand and backed him into a corner. Leonard responded with a furious flurry, landing few punches but whipping the upset-hoping crowd into a frenzy. Hagler backed off, and Leonard danced away with Hagler in pursuit. The fight ended with Hagler and Leonard exchanging along the ropes. At the final bell, even uniformed ringside security rushed into the ring applauding and lauding Leonard's effort.[55]
Leonard threw 629 punches and landed 306, while Hagler threw 792 and landed 291.[56]
Leonard was awarded a controversial split-decision. Judge Dave Moretti scored it 115–113 for Leonard, while judge Lou Filippo had it 115–113 for Hagler. Judge José Guerra scored the fight 118–110 for Leonard. Many felt that Hagler deserved the decision because he was the aggressor and landed the harder punches. Scottish boxing journalist Hugh McIlvanney wrote that Leonard's plan was to "steal rounds with a few flashy and carefully timed flurries....he was happy to exaggerate hand speed at the expense of power, and neither he nor two of the scorers seemed bothered by the fact that many of the punches landed on the champion's gloves and arms."[57]
Many others felt that Leonard deservedly got the decision, arguing that Leonard landed more punches and showed better defense and ring generalship. Jim Murray, long-time sports columnist for the Los Angeles Times, wrote, "It wasn't even close...He didn't just outpoint Hagler, he exposed him. He made him look like a guy chasing a bus. In snowshoes.... Leonard repeatedly beat Hagler to the punch. When he did, he hit harder. He hit more often.... He made Hagler into what he perceived him to be throughout his career—a brawler, a swarmer, a man who could club you to death only if you stood there and let him. If you moved, he was lost."[58]
The fight was named "Fight of the Year" and "Upset of the Year" by The Ring.
Despite requests from the Hagler camp, Leonard was uninterested in a rematch and retired on May 27, 1987. "I'll try, I'll give it a shot", Leonard said of his latest retirement. "But you guys know me."[59] A month after Hagler's formal retirement in June 1988 Leonard would announce another comeback.
Another comeback[edit]
Leonard v Lalonde[edit]
On November 7, 1988, Leonard made another comeback, facing Don Lalonde at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas. They fought for Lalonde's WBC Light Heavyweight Championship and the newly created WBC Super Middleweight Championship, which meant that Lalonde had to make 168 lbs. Many were critical of Leonard for stipulating that his opponent—a natural 175 pounder—should weigh less than his usual fighting weight, which could possibly weaken him. However, Lalonde later told HBO's Larry Merchant that he didn't have any trouble making weight.[60]
Lalonde, 31–2 with 26 knockouts, was guaranteed at least $6 million and Leonard was guaranteed over $10 million.
This would be Leonard's first professional fight without Angelo Dundee. For Leonard's fight with Hagler, Dundee worked without a contract and received $175,000, which was less than 2% of Leonard's purse. Dundee was unhappy with that amount. He requested a contract for the Lalonde fight and Leonard refused. "I don't have contracts. My word is my bond", Leonard said. Janks Morton and Dave Jacobs trained Leonard for the Lalonde fight.[61][62]
Lalonde's size and awkwardness troubled Leonard. In the fourth round, a right hand to the top of Leonard's head dropped him for just the second time in his career. Early in the ninth, Lalonde hurt Leonard with a right to the chin. Leonard fired back and hurt Lalonde with a right. He drove him to the ropes and unleashed a furious assault. Lalonde tried to tie up Leonard, but got dropped with a powerful left hook. He rose but was soon down again, and the fight was stopped. Judges Chuck Giampa and Franz Marti had Leonard ahead by scores of 77–74 and 77–75, respectively. Judge Stuart Kirshenbaum had Lalonde ahead 76–75.[63]
After the fight, Leonard vacated the light heavyweight title, but kept the super middleweight title. Also, Leonard and Janks Morton split because of personal differences. Morton was replaced as co-trainer by Pepe Correa, who had worked with Leonard for most of the previous fifteen years.[64]
Leonard v Hearns[edit]
On June 12, 1989, Leonard defended the WBC Super Middleweight Championship in a rematch with Thomas Hearns at Caesar's Palace. It was promoted as "The War." Hearns was guaranteed $11 million and Leonard was guaranteed $14 million.
Hearns dropped Leonard with a right cross in the third round, but Leonard came back and battered Hearns around the ring in the fifth. Early in the seventh round, Hearns hurt Leonard but punched himself out going for the knockout. With Hearns fatigued, Leonard came back and had a strong finish to the round. Rounds nine and ten were good rounds for Leonard, but he ran into trouble in the eleventh round. Three booming rights from Hearns sent Leonard down for the second time in the fight. Knowing he needed a big finish, Leonard fought furiously and had a big final round.
The judges scored the fight a draw and Leonard retained the title. Judge Jerry Roth scored the fight 113–112 for Hearns, Judge Tom Kazmarek scored it 113–112 for Leonard, and Judge Dalby Shirley scored it 112–112. Shirley was the only judge to give Leonard a 10–8 margin in the twelfth. If he had scored it 10–9, as his two colleagues did, Hearns would have won by a split decision. The decision was soundly booed, as most felt that Hearns had won.[65] Eventually, Leonard admitted that Hearns deserved the decision.
Leonard v Duran[edit]
On December 7, 1989, Leonard defended the title against Roberto Durán, who was the reigning WBC Middleweight Champion. Durán was guaranteed $7.6 million and Leonard's arrangement guaranteed him over $13 million.[66]
For the Durán fight, Leonard cut his entourage from twenty-one to six. Dave Jacobs was one of the people let go, leaving Correa as the sole trainer. Correa was instructed not to spare the whip. "For the first time in a long time, I allowed someone to push me", Leonard said.
The fight took place at the new Mirage Hotel in Las Vegas. Leonard used constant lateral movement and won by a lopsided twelve-round unanimous decision over a listless Durán. The scores were 120–110, 119–109, and 116–111. In a fight that many considered to be very boring, both fighters were booed often by the fans and many left the arena before the decision was announced. Pat Putnam of Sports Illustrated wrote, "Leonard gave them artistic perfection when they wanted heated battle, and they booed lustily. Most fight fans would not spend a dime to watch Van Gogh paint Sunflowers, but they would fill Yankee Stadium to see him cut off his ear."[67] Although Leonard dominated the fight, he suffered several cuts. His lower lip was cut from a headbutt in the fourth round, his left eye was cut in the eleventh round, and his right eye was cut in the twelfth round. The cuts required a total of sixty stitches.[68]
In January 1990, Leonard relinquished the WBC Super Middleweight Championship, saying that he was unsure whether he would fight again.[69] When Leonard decided to continue his career, he offered Hagler a rematch, but Hagler decided to stay retired.[70] He then offered Hearns a third fight, but Hearns said he could no longer make the weight and moved up to the light heavyweight division.[71]
Leonard v Norris[edit]
On February 9, 1991, Leonard went down to 154 lbs and fought WBC Light Middleweight Champion Terry Norris at Madison Square Garden. Leonard entered the bout as a 3-1 favorite but Norris dominated the fight, giving Leonard a heavy beating. He knocked Leonard down with a left hook in the second round, and in the seventh, he dropped Leonard again with a short right. Leonard had no answer for the skillful, younger, faster man. Leonard went the distance but lost by a lopsided decision. The scores were 120–104, 119–103, and 116–110. After the verdict was announced, Leonard announced his retirement. "It took this fight to show me it is no longer my time", Leonard said. "Tonight was my last fight. I know how Hagler felt now."[72]
The last comeback[edit]
In October 1996, the 40-year-old Leonard announced that he was coming out of retirement to fight 34-year-old Héctor Camacho for the lightly regarded International Boxing Council (IBC) Middleweight Championship. Camacho, a light-hitting southpaw, was a three-time world champion with a record of 62–3–1. However, Camacho was also considered to be past his prime. Leonard decided to fight Camacho after commentating on his fight with the 45-year-old Roberto Durán the previous year. Camacho won by a disputed unanimous decision, which Leonard called "an early Christmas gift".
Leonard blamed his poor performance against Norris on lack of motivation, a rib injury, moving down in weight, and divorce, which was being litigated while he was in training. "It was stupid for me to fight Norris at 154 lbs", Leonard said. "This is different. I'm in the best shape possible."[73]
For the Camacho fight, Leonard had a new trainer, Adrian Davis. "He's a great trainer, a throwback", Leonard said. "He has really helped me get ready."[74]
In January 1997, it was announced that Leonard had been voted into the International Boxing Hall Of Fame in Canastota, New York. The rules state that a boxer must be retired for five years before being eligible for induction. When the vote took place, Leonard had been retired for more than five years, therefore, he was eligible, even though he had a fight scheduled. The induction ceremony was on June 15, 1997.[75]
The fight with Camacho took place on March 1, 1997, in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Camacho applied pressure from the opening bell and started to score well in the third. He continued to score well in the fourth and opened a cut above Leonard's right eye. In the fifth, Camacho dropped Leonard with a right followed by two left uppercuts. Leonard got up, but was unable to ward off Camacho. The referee stopped the fight with Camacho teeing off on a defenseless Leonard on the ropes. It was the only time in Leonard's career that he was knocked out.
Afterward, Leonard retired again, saying, "For sure, my career is definitely over for me in the ring." However, less than a week after the fight, Leonard said he planned to fight again. He blamed his loss on a torn right calf muscle. His doctor suggested that he cancel the fight, but Leonard wanted to go through with it. Before the fight, he was given a shot of novocaine.[76]
Leonard said he planned to have a series of tuneup fights before fighting a champion.[77] He was scheduled to fight Tony Menefee on February 15, 1998, in Australia, but he pulled out of the fight, saying that he didn't have the motivation. The Camacho fight was Leonard's last. He finished his career with a record of 36–3–1 with 25 knockouts.[78]
Professional boxing record[edit]


Professional record summary



40 fights
36 wins
3 losses


By knockout
25
1


By decision
11
2


Draws
1




No.
Result
Record
Opponent
Type
Round, time
Date
Location
Notes


40
Loss
36–3–1
 Héctor Camacho
TKO
5 (12), 1:08
Mar 1, 1997
 Convention Hall, Atlantic City, New Jersey, U.S.
For IBC middleweight title


39
Loss
36–2–1
 Terry Norris
UD
12
Feb 9, 1991
 Madison Square Garden, New York City, New York, U.S.
For WBC light middleweight title


38
Win
36–1–1
 Roberto Durán
UD
12
Dec 7, 1989
 The Mirage, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC super middleweight title


37
Draw
35–1–1
 Thomas Hearns
SD
12
Jun 12, 1989
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC super middleweight title;
For WBO super middleweight title


36
Win
35–1
 Donny Lalonde
TKO
9 (12), 2:30
Nov 7, 1988
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC light heavyweight and vacant WBC super middleweight titles


35
Win
34–1
 Marvin Hagler
SD
12
Apr 6, 1987
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal middleweight titles


34
Win
33–1
 Kevin Howard
TKO
9 (10), 2:27
May 11, 1984
 Centrum, Worcester, Massachusetts, U.S.



33
Win
32–1
 Bruce Finch
TKO
3 (15), 1:50
Feb 15, 1982
 Centennial Coliseum, Reno, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBA, WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


32
Win
31–1
 Thomas Hearns
TKO
14 (15), 1:45
Sep 16, 1981
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles;
Won WBA welterweight title


31
Win
30–1
 Ayub Kalule
TKO
9 (15), 3:06
Jun 25, 1981
 Astrodome, Houston, Texas, U.S.
Won WBA, The Ring, and lineal light middleweight titles


30
Win
29–1
 Larry Bonds
TKO
10 (15), 2:22
Mar 28, 1981
 Carrier Dome, Syracuse, New York, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


29
Win
28–1
 Roberto Durán
RTD
8 (15), 2:44
Nov 25, 1980
 Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


28
Loss
27–1
 Roberto Durán
UD
15
Jun 20, 1980
 Olympic Stadium, Montreal, Quebec, Canada
Lost WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


27
Win
27–0
 Dave Boy Green
KO
4 (15), 2:27
Mar 31, 1980
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


26
Win
26–0
 Wilfred Benítez
TKO
15 (15), 2:54
Nov 30, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


25
Win
25–0
 Andy Price
KO
1 (12), 2:52
Sep 28, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained NABF welterweight title


24
Win
24–0
 Pete Ranzany
TKO
4 (12), 2:41
Aug 12, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won NABF welterweight title


23
Win
23–0
 Tony Chiaverini
RTD
4 (10)
Jun 24, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



22
Win
22–0
 Marcos Geraldo
UD
10
May 20, 1979
 Riverside Centroplex, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, U.S.



21
Win
21–0
 Adolfo Viruet
UD
10
Apr 21, 1979
 Dunes, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



20
Win
20–0
 Daniel Aldo Gonzalez
TKO
1 (10), 2:03
Mar 24, 1979
 Community Center, Tucson, Arizona, U.S.



19
Win
19–0
 Fernand Marcotte
TKO
8 (10), 2:33
Feb 11, 1979
 Convention Center, Miami Beach, Florida, U.S.



18
Win
18–0
 Johnny Gant
TKO
8 (12), 2:57
Jan 11, 1979
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.



17
Win
17–0
 Armando Muniz
RTD
6 (10), 3:00
Dec 9, 1978
 Civic Center, Springfield, Massachusetts, U.S.



16
Win
16–0
 Bernardo Prada
UD
10
Nov 3, 1978
 Cumberland County Civic Center, Portland, Maine, U.S.



15
Win
15–0
 Randy Shields
UD
10
Oct 6, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



14
Win
14–0
 Floyd Mayweather Sr.
TKO
10 (10), 2:16
Sep 9, 1978
 Civic Center, Providence, Rhode Island, U.S.



13
Win
13–0
 Dicky Eklund
UD
10
Jul 18, 1978
 John B. Hynes Memorial Auditorium, Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.



12
Win
12–0
 Rafael Rodriguez
UD
10
Jun 3, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



11
Win
11–0
 Randy Milton
TKO
8 (10), 2:55
May 13, 1978
 Memorial Auditorium, Utica, New York, U.S.



10
Win
10–0
 Bobby Haymon
RTD
3 (10)
Apr 13, 1978
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.



9
Win
9–0
 Javier Muniz
KO
1 (8), 2:45
Mar 19, 1978
 Veterans Memorial Coliseum, New Haven, Connecticut, U.S.



8
Win
8–0
 Art McKnight
TKO
7 (8), 1:52
Mar 1, 1978
 Hara Arena, Dayton, Ohio, U.S.



7
Win
7–0
 Rocky Ramon
UD
8
Feb 4, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



6
Win
6–0
 Hector Diaz
KO
2 (8), 2:20
Dec 17, 1977
 D.C. Armory, Washington, D.C., U.S.



5
Win
5–0
 Augustin Estrada
KO
6 (8), 1:54
Nov 5, 1977
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



4
Win
4–0
 Frank Santore
KO
5 (8), 2:55
Sep 24, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



3
Win
3–0
 Vinnie DeBarros
TKO
3 (6), 1:59
Jun 10, 1977
 Civic Center, Hartford, Connecticut, U.S.



2
Win
2–0
 Willie Rodriguez
UD
6
May 14, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



1
Win
1–0
 Luis Vega
UD
6
Feb 5, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.
Professional debut


Media appearances[edit]




Leonard signs autographs at a Tristar Productions sports collectors show in Houston in January 2014.


Leonard has worked as a boxing analyst for ABC, CBS, NBC, ESPN, HBO and EPIX. His relationship with HBO lasted for more than a decade. It ended in 1990, after HBO was not offered an opportunity to bid on the telecast rights to Leonard's fight with Terry Norris. HBO believed it would be inappropriate for Leonard to continue with them if they couldn't bid on his fights. Leonard's attorney, Mike Trainer, said, "There never has been a linkage between his broadcasting and his fighting."[79]
Leonard has provided commercial endorsements for companies including Coca-Cola, EA Sports, Ford, Nabisco, Revlon and 7 Up. His most famous commercial was a 7 Up ad he did with his son, Ray Jr., Roberto Durán and Durán's son Roberto Jr. in the early 1980s.[80][81] Leonard is among the most sought-after motivational/inspirational speakers in the world today. His speech, entitled "Power" (Prepare, Overcome and Win Every Round), is consistently booked with major Fortune 500 companies throughout the United States and abroad.[82]
Leonard has also worked as an actor. He has appeared in numerous television shows, including Half & Half, L.A. Heat, Married... with Children, Renegade and Tales From The Crypt. He has also appeared in several movies, including I Spy and most recently The Fighter (2010), starring Christian Bale and Mark Wahlberg. This movie brought back memories of his fight with Dicky Eklund. He also worked as an adviser in the 2011 robot boxing film Real Steel. Leonard served as host and mentor to the aspiring fighters on The Contender. Sylvester Stallone, who co-hosted during the first season, was one of the executive producers, along with Mark Burnett. When Leonard left the show, he was replaced as host by Tony Danza for the final season.[83]
In 2001, Leonard launched Sugar Ray Leonard Boxing Inc., a boxing promotional company, and announced the company's strategic partnership with ESPN. Together, Leonard and ESPN would produce and promote "Sugar Ray Leonard and ESPN II Presents Friday Night Fights", which would air the first Friday of every month for twelve months.[84] Leonard's boxing promotional company was dissolved in 2004. He had a falling out with partner Bjorn Rebney, whom he called "a cancer in my company."[85] Speaking of his promotional company, Leonard said, "We did some great shows with evenly matched fights. I took great pride in it. But the TV show came about and made my decision a lot easier. I already had it in the back of my mind to dissolve the company. The working environment was not healthy."[86]
Leonard competed on season 12 of Dancing with the Stars, which premiered on Monday, March 21, 2011, on ABC. His partner was Anna Trebunskaya. He was voted off in Week 4 of the show.[87][88] During his appearance on The Colbert Report in 2011, Leonard was defeated by host Stephen Colbert in a thumb wrestling contest.[89] He appeared as a guest at the chef's table, along with Tito Ortiz, during the tenth season of Hell's Kitchen. He is the celebrity spokesperson for the Atlanta law firm John Foy and Associates, PC.
Leonard was also the subject of a Seinfeld episode (season 6, episode 22) where George tries to flatter his boss by saying he looks like Sugar Ray Leonard. The real Leonard (a Seinfeld fan) mentioned that he was told about the episode by friends and family, but had never seen it for himself until a friend gave him the DVD set for a gift.
Personal life[edit]
Family[edit]
Leonard married his high school sweetheart, Juanita Wilkinson, in January 1980. Their six-year-old son, Ray Jr., served as the ring bearer.[90] In 1984, they had another son, Jarrell.[91]
They were divorced in 1990. During divorce proceedings, Juanita Leonard testified that her husband physically abused her while under the influence of alcohol. She also said he was an occasional cocaine user. In his testimony, Leonard confirmed his wife's claims and went on to reveal that the problems of their marriage were not due to drug and alcohol use.[92]
After the Los Angeles Times broke the story, Leonard held a press conference and publicly acknowledged that the accusations were true. He said he started using after he retired in 1982, following surgery to repair a detached retina. "I wanted more", Leonard said. "I wanted that arena. I didn't want anyone to tell me my career had to end."
"I decided to search for a substitute...I resorted to cocaine. I used when I felt bad, I used when I missed competing at that level", he said. "It was a crutch, something that enabled me to forget."
He said he quit using drugs in early 1986, when he woke up one morning and "what I saw in the mirror was scary."
"I can never erase the pain or the scars I have made through my stupidity, my selfishness", Leonard said. "All I can do is say I'm sorry, but that is not enough."[93]
In 2011, Sugar Ray revealed in an NPR broadcast that he had been free of alcohol since July 2006.
In 1989, Leonard was introduced to Bernadette Robi by Kenny G at a Luther Vandross concert. Robi is the daughter of Paul Robi, one of the original Platters and she is the ex-wife of Lynn Swann.
Leonard and Robi were married at Leonard's $8.7 million estate in Pacific Palisades, California in August 1993. At the wedding ceremony, the grounds were converted into a garden with 10,000 roses and blossoms of other flowers flown in from the Netherlands.[94]
Leonard is also the godfather of Khloé Kardashian and has appeared on many episodes of Keeping Up With The Kardashians.
Charity work[edit]
For many years, Leonard has been the International Chairman of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation's Walk for a Cure and is actively involved in raising both awareness and funds.
Leonard testified before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs in 2009. The Senate hearing was titled "Type 1 Diabetes Research: Real Progress and Real Hope for a Cure." He testified about the burden of diabetes and the need for continued research funding to find a cure.[95]
Leonard and his wife, Bernadette, founded the Sugar Ray Leonard Foundation to support the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and its annual Walk for a Cure. In 2009, the foundation expanded to support programs that help people rebuild their communities in ten cities across the United States. It supports accessible housing, healthcare services, and educational services and job training.
In 2007 he was awarded The Ambassador Award of Excellence by the LA Sports & Entertainment Commission at the Riviera Country Club for his continued community involvement.[96]
Molestation[edit]
In his autobiography The Big Fight: My Life in and out of the Ring, published in June 2011, Leonard reveals that as a young boxer he was the victim of sexual abuse from an Olympic trainer as well as another man, a benefactor.[97] He has since made public appearances to bring attention to the issue of child sex abuse, declaring himself a "poster child" for the cause and encouraging victims to report their abuse.[98]
See also[edit]

List of lineal boxing world champions
List of welterweight boxing champions
List of light middleweight boxing champions
List of middleweight boxing champions
List of undisputed boxing champions
List of WBA world champions
List of WBC world champions
List of WBO world champions
List of The Ring world champions
List of boxing quintuple champions
Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Roberto Durán II
Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Thomas Hearns

References[edit]


^ a b c d "Sugar Ray Leonard". sports-reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Retrieved 5 September 2014. 
^ "The Lineal Boxing World Champions". Cyber Boxing Zone. 
^ http://www.skysports.com/boxing/news/12066/9949701/our-fives-favorite-five
^ http://rossboxing.com/2015/01/21/fabulous-four-hagler-hearns-duran-leonard/
^ "Sugar Ray was ring artist". Sports.espn.go.com. 2006-07-11. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "ESPN 50 Greatest Boxers of All Time". Sports.espn.go.com. 1994-11-05. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Mark Grossinger Etess Award". Boxrec.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 5, The Big Fight: My Life In and Out of the Ring by Sugar Ray Leonard ISBN 0452298040
^ Nack, William (26 November 1979). "Sugar Sure Is Sweet". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 17 July 2011. 
^ see page 1, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette June 17, 1980". News.google.com. 1980-06-17. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 7 & 8, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Edited by Gay Flood (1979-12-10). "Sports Illustrated December 10, 1979". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Iole, Kevin (2008-08-20). "One USA Boxing team stands above the rest by Kevin Iole". Sports.yahoo.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 42 & 43, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Pat Putnam (1976-08-09). "Sports Illustrated August 9, 1976". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard". Cyber Boxing Zone. 1956-05-17. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 33, 34 & 43 Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Sarasota Herald-Tribune August 6, 1976". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 63, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ see pages 65–68, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Pat Putnam (1977-02-14). "Sports Illustrated, February 14, 1977". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 75, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ see page 93, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Lewiston Evening Journal, October 7, 1978". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Soured Floyd". The Evening Independent. 
^ "The Spokesman-Review, August 13, 1979". News.google.com. 1979-08-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Star-News, September 29, 1979". News.google.com. 1979-09-29. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ William Nack (1979-12-10). "Sports Illustrated, December 12, 1979". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sarasota Herald Tribune, April 2, 1980". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ a b William Nack (1980-06-30). "Sports Illustrated". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard regains welterweight title". Daytona Beach Morning Journal. 1980-06-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ "The 'Noblest Savage' won the fight". The Dispatch. 1980-06-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ The Spokesman-Review September 11, 1980
^ William Nack (1980-12-08). "Sports Illustrated, December 8, 1980". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "How Sweet It Is!". Ocala Star-Banner. 1980-11-26. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ Roberto Duran Speaks: The Untold Story Is Finally Revealed!, Bill Brubaker, New York Daily News, 1981
^ "No Mas: My Version". Thesweetscience.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ William Nack (1980-12-08). "Sports Illustrated, December 8, 1980". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-04-06). "Sports Illustrated, April 6, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-07-06). "Sports Illustrated, July 6, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Ayub Kalule vs. Sugar Ray Leonard – Boxrec Boxing Encyclopaedia". Boxrec.com. Retrieved 2012-06-21. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-09-28). "Sports Illustrated, September 28, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ [1] Showtime, "The 12 Greatest Rounds of Boxing: The Untold Stories"
^ "Herald-Journal, January 16, 1982". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1982-03-01). "Sports Illustrated, March 1, 1982". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1982-05-24). "Sports Illustrated, May 24, 1982". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Fort Scott Tribune, November 10, 1982". News.google.com. 1982-11-10. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Times-News, December 12, 1983". News.google.com. 1983-12-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sarasota Herald-Tribune, February 15, 1984". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Miami News, May 10, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-05-10. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Courier, May 13, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-05-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "After A Year's Prefight, Bell Tolls For These". Articles.sun-sentinel.com. 1987-04-05. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Leonard's memories the stuff of legends". Sports.espn.go.com. 2007-03-06. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Sugar Ray...Still In Style, Nigel Collins, The Ring August 1987
^ Berkow, Ira (1987-04-09). "New York Times, April 9, 1987". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Hugh McIlvanney (1987-04-20). "Sports Illustrated, April 20, 1987". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Exposed Him, Jim Murray, 1987". News.google.com. 1987-04-08. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Anderson, Dave (1987-05-28). "New York Times, May 28, 1987". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ [2] HBO "Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Donny Lalonde"
^ "New Sunday Times, October 21, 1988". News.google.com. 1988-10-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Anderson, Dave (1988-11-06). "The New York Times, November 6, 1988". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1988-11-08). "The New York Times, November 8, 1988". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Pittsburgh Press, June 9, 1989". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1989-06-19). "Sports Illustrated, June 19, 1989". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1989-07-27). "The New York Times, July 27, 1989". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1989-12-18). "Sports Illustrated, December 18, 1989". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ The Item December 9, 1989
^ "Gainesville Sun, January 19, 1990". News.google.com. 1990-01-19. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Rick Telander (1990-07-02). "Sports Illustrated, July 2, 1990". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1991-02-08). "New York Times, February 8, 1991". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1991-02-18). "Sports Illustrated, February 18, 1991". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Brown, Clifton (1997-02-26). "The New York Times, February 26, 1997". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Brown, Clifton (1997-02-27). "The New York Times, February 27, 1997". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Victoria Advocate, January 15, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-01-15. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Southern Missourian, March 3, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-03-03. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "New Straits Times, March 8, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-03-08. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Idaho Spokesman-Review, January 12, 1998". News.google.com. 1998-01-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Daily Press, October 16, 1990". Pqasb.pqarchiver.com. 1990-10-16. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Cavalier Daily, April 30, 1982". News.google.com. 1982-04-30. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Sugar Ray Leonard 7 Up commercial on YouTube
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard Biography about.com". Realitytv.about.com. 2011-05-26. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ The Contender on IMDb
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard Back in the Ring with ESPN Friday Night Fights". Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on 2012-07-09. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Rafael, Dan (2004-10-19). "Leonard's promotion business down for count". USA Today. 
^ Rafael, Dan (2004-10-19). "USA Today, October 19, 2004". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "People: Sugar Ray departs 'Dancing With the Stars' | Dallas-Fort Worth Celebrity News – Entertainment News for Dallas, Texas – The Dallas Morning News". Dallasnews.com. 2011-04-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "'I put up a good fight': Sugar Ray Leonard is voted off Dancing With The Stars | Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. 2011-04-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "November 03, 2011 - Nathan Wolfe - The Colbert Report - Full Episode Video | Comedy Central". Colbertnation.com. 2011-10-31. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Spokesman-Review, January 21, 1980". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Anchorage Daily News, June 15, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-06-15. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Messner, Michael; Solomon, William (June 1, 1993). "Outside the Frame: Newspaper Coverage of the Sugar Ray Leonard Wife Abuse Story.". Sociology of Sport Journal. 10 (2): 119–134. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Daily News. 1991-03-31 https://news.google.com/newspapers?id=2hAbAAAAIBAJ&sjid=FEgEAAAAIBAJ&pg=6730,6962641&dq=sugar+ray+leonard+juanita+divorce&hl=en. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Duran wanted "no mas" of Leonard". Espn.go.com. 2003-11-19. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard's Testimony before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs". Jdrf.org. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Galluzzo, Steve (May 15, 2007). "Pacific Palisades -- Palisades-Post". palisadespost.com. Pacific Palisades, California, USA: Pacific Palisades Post. Retrieved July 21, 2012. 
^ In Book, Sugar Ray Leonard Says Coach Sexually Abused Him
^ Iole, Kevin. Sugar Ray Leonard proves himself a beacon of strength in the fight against child sex abuse. Yahoo! Sports. October 29, 2012. Retrieved October 30, 2012.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Sugar Ray Leonard.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Sugar Ray Leonard



Official website
Professional boxing record for Sugar Ray Leonard from BoxRec
Sugar Ray Leonard's Amateur Boxing Record
Sugar Ray Leonard in-depth interview about alcohol, cocaine, and being a champion



Sporting positions


Amateur boxing titles


Previous:
James Busceme
U.S. Golden Gloves lightweight champion
1973
Next:
Curtis Harris


Previous:
Larry Bonds
U.S. Golden Gloves light welterweight champion
1974
Next:
Paul Sherry


Previous:
Randy Shields
U.S. light welterweight champion
1974, 1975
Next:
Milton Seward


Regional boxing titles


Preceded by
Pete Ranzany
NABF welterweight champion
August 12, 1979 – November 30, 1979
Won WBC title
Vacant
Title next held by
Randy Shields


World boxing titles


Preceded by
Wilfred Benítez
WBC welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980
Succeeded by
Roberto Durán


The Ring welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980


Lineal welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980


Preceded by
Roberto Durán
WBC welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Milton McCrory


The Ring welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Donald Curry


Lineal welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired


Preceded by
Ayub Kalule
WBA light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 1981
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Tadashi Mihara


The Ring light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 22, 1981
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Thomas Hearns


Lineal light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 22, 1981
Vacated


Preceded by
Thomas Hearns
WBA welterweight champion
September 16, 1981 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Donald Curry


Vacant
Title last held by
José Nápoles
Undisputed welterweight champion
September 16, 1981 – November 9, 1982
Retired


Preceded by
Marvin Hagler
WBC middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Thomas Hearns


The Ring middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Sumbu Kalambay


Lineal middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Michael Nunn


New title
WBC super middleweight champion
November 7, 1988 – August 27, 1990
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Mauro Galvano


Preceded by
Donny Lalonde
WBC light heavyweight champion
November 7, 1988 – November 17, 1988
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Dennis Andries


Awards


Previous:
Matthew Saad Muhammad vs. Yaqui López II
The Ring Fight of the Year
vs. Thomas Hearns
1981
Next:
Bobby Chacon vs. Rafael Limón IV


Previous:
U.S. Olympic Hockey Team
Wide World of Sports Athlete of the Year
1981
Next:
Wayne Gretzky


Previous:
Steve Cruz vs. Barry McGuigan
The Ring Fight of the Year
vs. Marvin Hagler
1987
Next:
Tony Lopez vs. Rocky Lockridge


Previous:
Lloyd Honeyghan
KO6 Donald Curry
The Ring Upset of the Year
SD12 Marvin Hagler
1987
Next:
Iran Barkley
TKO3 Thomas Hearns


Previous:
Inaugural award
Mark Grossinger Etess Award
for Boxer of the Decade
1980–1989
Next:
Award discontinued








v
t
e


Olympic boxing champions – men's light welterweight




1952–2000: 60–63.5 kg, 2004-2012: 60–64 kg







1952:  Charles Adkins (USA)
1956:  Vladimir Yengibaryan (URS)
1960:  Bohumil Němeček (TCH)
1964:  Jerzy Kulej (POL)
1968:  Jerzy Kulej (POL)
1972:  Ray Seales (USA)
1976:  Ray Leonard (USA)
1980:  Patrizio Oliva (ITA)
1984:  Jerry Page (USA)
1988:  Vyacheslav Yanovskiy (URS)
1992:  Héctor Vinent (CUB)
1996:  Héctor Vinent (CUB)
2000:  Mahammatkodir Abdullaev (UZB)
2004:  Manus Boonjumnong (THA)
2008:  Manuel Félix Díaz (DOM)
2012:  Roniel Iglesias (CUB)
2016:  Fazliddin Gaibnazarov (UZB)













v
t
e


Pan American Boxing Champions in Men's Light Welterweight






1951 – 1999: up to 63.5 kg
2003 – 2011: up to 64 kg








1951: Oscar Pietta (ARG)
1955: Juan Carlos Rivero (ARG)
1959: Vincent Shomo (USA)
1963: Adolfo Moreyra (ARG)
1967: James Wallington (USA)
1971: Enrique Regüeiferos (CUB)
1975: Ray Leonard (USA)
1979: Lemuel Steeples (USA)
1983 – 1987: Candelario Duvergel (CUB)
1991: Stevie Johnston (USA)
1995: Walter Crucce (ARG)
1999: Victor Hugo Castro (ARG)
2003: Patrick López (VEN)
2007: Karl Dargan (USA)
2011: Roniel Iglesias (CUB)
2015: Arthur Biyarslanov (CAN)












v
t
e


Sports Illustrated Sportsperson of the Year






1954: Roger Bannister
1955: Johnny Podres
1956: Bobby Morrow
1957: Stan Musial
1958: Rafer Johnson
1959: Ingemar Johansson
1960: Arnold Palmer
1961: Jerry Lucas
1962: Terry Baker
1963: Pete Rozelle
1964: Ken Venturi
1965: Sandy Koufax
1966: Jim Ryun
1967: Carl Yastrzemski
1968: Bill Russell
1969: Tom Seaver
1970: Bobby Orr
1971: Lee Trevino
1972: Billie Jean King & John Wooden
1973: Jackie Stewart
1974: Muhammad Ali
1975: Pete Rose
1976: Chris Evert
1977: Steve Cauthen
1978: Jack Nicklaus
1979: Terry Bradshaw & Willie Stargell
1980: U.S. Olympic Hockey Team
1981: Sugar Ray Leonard
1982: Wayne Gretzky
1983: Mary Decker
1984: Edwin Moses & Mary Lou Retton
1985: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
1986: Joe Paterno
1987: Bob Bourne, Judi Brown King, Kipchoge Keino, Dale Murphy, Chip Rives, Patty Sheehan, Rory Sparrow, & Reggie Williams
1988: Orel Hershiser
1989: Greg LeMond
1990: Joe Montana
1991: Michael Jordan
1992: Arthur Ashe
1993: Don Shula
1994: Bonnie Blair & Johann Olav Koss
1995: Cal Ripken Jr.
1996: Tiger Woods
1997: Dean Smith
1998: Mark McGwire & Sammy Sosa
1999: U.S. Women's Soccer Team
2000: Tiger Woods
2001: Curt Schilling & Randy Johnson
2002: Lance Armstrong
2003: David Robinson & Tim Duncan
2004: Boston Red Sox
2005: Tom Brady
2006: Dwyane Wade
2007: Brett Favre
2008: Michael Phelps
2009: Derek Jeter
2010: Drew Brees
2011: Mike Krzyzewski & Pat Summitt
2012: LeBron James
2013: Peyton Manning
2014: Madison Bumgarner
2015: Serena Williams
2016: LeBron James












v
t
e


1976 USA Olympic Boxing Team



Athletes



Luis Curtis
Leo Randolph
Charles Mooney
David Armstrong
Howard Davis Jr.
Sugar Ray Leonard
Clinton Jackson
Chuck Walker
Michael Spinks
Leon Spinks
John Tate










Coaches

—










v
t
e


The Ring magazine Fighter of the Year






1928: Tunney
1929: Loughran
1930: Schmeling
1931: Loughran
1932: Sharkey
1933: No award
1934: Canzoneri & Ross
1935: Ross
1936: Louis
1937: Armstrong
1938: Louis
1939: Louis
1940: Conn
1941: Louis
1942: Robinson
1943: Apostoli
1944: Jack
1945: Pep
1946: Zale
1947: Lesnevich
1948: Williams
1949: Charles
1950: Charles
1951: Robinson
1952: Marciano
1953: Olson
1954: Marciano
1955: Marciano
1956: Patterson
1957: Basilio
1958: Johansson
1959: Johansson
1960: Patterson
1961: Brown
1962: Tiger
1963: Clay
1964: Griffith
1965: Tiger
1966: Ali
1967: Frazier
1968: Benvenuti
1969: Nápoles
1970: Frazier
1971: Frazier
1972: Ali & Monzón
1973: Foreman
1974: Ali
1975: Ali
1976: Foreman
1977: Zárate
1978: Ali
1979: Leonard
1980: Hearns
1981: Leonard & Sánchez
1982: Holmes
1983: Hagler
1984: Hearns
1985: Hagler & Curry
1986: Tyson
1987: Holyfield
1988: Tyson
1989: Whitaker
1990: Chávez
1991: Toney
1992: Bowe
1993: Carbajal
1994: Jones, Jr.
1995: De La Hoya
1996: Holyfield
1997: Holyfield
1998: Mayweather, Jr.
1999: Ayala
2000: Trinidad
2001: Hopkins
2002: Forrest
2003: Toney
2004: Johnson
2005: Hatton
2006: Pacquiao
2007: Mayweather, Jr.
2008: Pacquiao
2009: Pacquiao
2010: Martínez
2011: Ward
2012: Márquez
2013: Stevenson
2014: Kovalev
2015: Fury
2016: Frampton












v
t
e


Sugar Ray Robinson Award






1938: Dempsey
1939: Conn
1940: Armstrong
1941: Louis
1942: Ross
1943: Boxers of the Armed Forces
1944: B. Leonard
1945: Walker
1946: Zale
1947: Lesnevich
1948: Williams
1949: Charles
1950: Robinson
1951: Walcott
1952: Marciano
1953: Gavilán
1954: Olson
1955: Basilio
1956: Patterson
1957: Basilio
1958: Moore
1959: Johansson
1960: Patterson
1961: Fullmer
1962: Tiger
1963: Griffith
1964: Pastrano
1965: Ali
1966: Tiger
1967: Ortiz
1968: Foster
1969: Frazier
1970: Buchanan
1971: Frazier
1972: Monzón
1973: Foreman
1974: Ali
1975: Ali & Frazier
1976: Davis Jr., S. R. Leonard, Randolph, L. Spinks & M. Spinks
1977: Norton
1978: Holmes
1979: S. R. Leonard
1980: Hearns
1981: S. R. Leonard
1982: Pryor
1983: Hagler
1984: Hearns
1985: Hagler
1986: Tyson
1987: Chávez
1988: Tyson
1989: Whitaker
1990: Holyfield
1991: Toney
1992: Bowe
1993: Whitaker
1994: Foreman
1995: De La Hoya
1996: Holyfield
1997: Holyfield
1998: Mosley
1999: Lewis
2000: Trinidad
2001: Hopkins
2002: Forrest
2003: Toney
2004: Johnson
2005: Hatton
2006: Pacquiao
2007: Mayweather Jr.
2008: Pacquiao
2009: Pacquiao
2010: Martínez
2011: Ward
2012: Donaire
2013: Mayweather Jr.
2014: Crawford
2015: Mayweather Jr.
2016: Frampton









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 40715699
LCCN: n82049374
ISNI: 0000 0000 2681 963X
GND: 11888641X










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sugar_Ray_Leonard&oldid=789458384"					
Categories: 1956 birthsLiving peopleAfrican-American boxersAfrican-American male actorsBoxers at the 1976 Summer OlympicsAmerican boxing promotersInternational Boxing Hall of Fame inducteesLight-middleweight boxersLight-heavyweight boxersMiddleweight boxersPan American Games gold medalists for the United StatesOlympic boxers of the United StatesOlympic gold medalists for the United States in boxingMedalists at the 1976 Summer OlympicsParticipants in American reality television seriesSuper-middleweight boxersWorld Boxing Association championsWorld Boxing Council championsWorld Boxing Organization championsWelterweight boxersWinners of the United States Championship for amateur boxersSportspeople from Washington, D.C.Sportspeople from Wilmington, North CarolinaPeople from Palmer Park, MarylandAmerican male boxersThe Ring magazine championsWorld welterweight boxing championsWorld light-middleweight boxing championsWorld middleweight boxing championsWorld super-middleweight boxing championsWorld light-heavyweight boxing championsPan American Games medalists in boxingLight-welterweight boxersLightweight boxersNational Golden Gloves championsBoxers from North CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2017Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaBoxRec template with ID different from WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilge한국어IdoItalianoעבריתLatviešuMalagasyNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaไทยУкраїнськаWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:20.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Sugar Ray Leonard - Wikipedia






















 






Sugar Ray Leonard

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sugar Ray Leonard



Leonard in 2007



Statistics


Real name
Ray Charles Leonard[1]


Nickname(s)
Sugar


Weight(s)



Welterweight
Light middleweight
Middleweight
Super middleweight
Light heavyweight





Height
5 ft 10 in (178 cm)


Reach
74 in (188 cm)


Nationality
American


Born
(1956-05-17) May 17, 1956 (age 61)[1]
Wilmington, North Carolina, U.S.[1]


Stance
Orthodox


Boxing record


Total fights
40


Wins
36


Wins by KO
25


Losses
3


Draws
1




Medal record



Men's amateur boxing


Representing  United States


Olympic Games



1976 Montreal
Light welterweight


Pan American Games



1975 Mexico City
Light welterweight







Ray Charles Leonard (born May 17, 1956), best known as "Sugar" Ray Leonard, is an American former professional boxer, motivational speaker, and occasional actor. Often regarded as one of the greatest boxers of all time, he competed from 1977 to 1997, winning world titles in five weight divisions; the lineal championship in three weight divisions;[2] as well as the undisputed welterweight title.[3] Leonard was part of "The Fabulous Four",[4] a group of boxers who all fought each other throughout the 1980s, consisting of himself, Roberto Durán, Thomas Hearns and Marvin Hagler.
"The Fabulous Four" created a wave of popularity in the lower weight classes that kept boxing relevant in the post-Muhammad Ali era, during which Leonard defeated future fellow International Boxing Hall of Fame inductees Hearns, Durán, Hagler, and Wilfred Benítez.[5][6] Leonard was also the first boxer to earn more than $100 million in purses, and was named "Boxer of the Decade" in the 1980s.[7] The Ring magazine named him Fighter of the Year in 1979 and 1981, while the Boxing Writers Association of America (BWAA) named him Fighter of the Year in 1976, 1979, and 1981.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Amateur career

2.1 Achievements


3 Change in plans
4 Professional career

4.1 Early professional career
4.2 First world title

4.2.1 Leonard vs. Benitez
4.2.2 Leonard vs. Green


4.3 The Brawl in Montreal
4.4 Revenge in New Orleans
4.5 Second world title

4.5.1 Leonard vs. Bonds
4.5.2 Leonard vs. Kalule


4.6 The Showdown


5 Retirement and return

5.1 The Super Fight
5.2 Another comeback

5.2.1 Leonard v Lalonde
5.2.2 Leonard v Hearns
5.2.3 Leonard v Duran
5.2.4 Leonard v Norris


5.3 The last comeback


6 Professional boxing record
7 Media appearances
8 Personal life

8.1 Family
8.2 Charity work
8.3 Molestation


9 See also
10 References
11 External links



Early life[edit]
Leonard, the fifth of seven children of Cicero and Getha Leonard, was born in Wilmington, North Carolina.[1] He was named after Ray Charles, his mother's favorite singer.[8] The family moved to Washington, D.C., when he was three, and they settled permanently in Palmer Park, Maryland when he was ten. His father worked as a supermarket night manager and his mother was a nurse. He attended Parkdale High School, Leonard was a shy child, and aside from the time he nearly drowned in a creek during a flood in Seat Pleasant, Maryland, his childhood was uneventful. He stayed home a lot, reading comic books and playing with his dog. His mother said: "He never did talk too much. We never could tell what he was thinking. But I never had any problems with him. I never had to go to school once because of him."[9]
Amateur career[edit]
Leonard started boxing at the Palmer Park Recreation Center in 1969. His older brother, Roger, started boxing first. Roger helped start the boxing program, urging the center's director, Ollie Dunlap, to form a team. Dave Jacobs, a former boxer, and Janks Morton volunteered as boxing coaches. Roger won some trophies and showed them off in front of Ray, goading him to start boxing.
In 1972, Leonard boxed in the featherweight quarterfinals of the National AAU Tournament, losing by decision to Jerome Artis. It was his first defeat. Later that year, he boxed in the Eastern Olympic Trials. The rules stated that a boxer had to be seventeen to box in international competition, so Leonard, only sixteen, lied about his age.[10] He made it to the lightweight semifinals, losing a disputed decision to Greg Whaley, who took such a beating that he wasn't allowed to continue in the trials and never boxed again.[11]
Sarge Johnson, assistant coach of the U.S. Olympic Boxing Team, said to Dave Jacobs, "That kid you got is sweet as sugar". The nickname stuck. However, given his style and first name, it was probably only a matter of time before people started calling him Sugar Ray, after the man many consider to be the best boxer of all time, Sugar Ray Robinson.[12]
In 1973, Leonard won the National Golden Gloves Lightweight Championship, but lost to Randy Shields in the lightweight final of the National AAU Tournament. The following year, Leonard won the National Golden Gloves and National AAU Lightweight Championships. Leonard suffered his last two losses as an amateur in 1974. He lost a disputed decision to Anatoli Kamnev in Moscow, after which, Kamnev gave the winner's trophy to Leonard. In Poland, Kazimierz Szczerba was given a decision victory over Leonard, even though he was dominated in the first two rounds and dropped three times in the third.[13]
Leonard won the National Golden Gloves and National AAU Light Welterweight Championships in 1974. The following year, he again won the National AAU Light Welterweight Championship, as well as the Light Welterweight Championship at the Pan American Games.
In 1976, Leonard made the U.S. Olympic Team as the light welterweight representative. The team also included Leon and Michael Spinks, Howard Davis, Jr., Leo Randolph, Charles Mooney, and John Tate. Many consider the 1976 U.S. team to be the greatest boxing team in the history of the Olympics.[14] Leonard won his first four Olympic bouts by 5–0 decisions. He faced Kazimierz Szczerba in the semifinals and won by a 5–0 decision, avenging his last amateur loss.
In the final, Leonard boxed the great Cuban knockout artist Andrés Aldama, who scored five straight knockouts to reach the final. Leonard landed several good left hooks in the first round. In the second, he dropped Aldama with a left to the chin. Late in the final round, he again hurt Aldama, which brought a standing eight count from the referee.
With only a few seconds left in the fight, a Leonard combination forced another standing eight count. Leonard was awarded a 5–0 decision and the Olympic Gold Medal. Afterward, Leonard announced, "I'm finished...I've fought my last fight. My journey has ended, my dream is fulfilled. Now I want to go to school." He was given a scholarship to the University of Maryland, a gift from the citizens of Glenarden, Maryland. He planned to study business administration and communications.[15] He finished his amateur career with a record of 145–5 and 75 KO's.[16]
Achievements[edit]

1973 National Golden Gloves Lightweight Champion, defeating Hilmer Kenty.
1973 National AAU Light Welterweight Championship runner-up, losing to Randy Shields.
1974 National Golden Gloves Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Jeff Lemeir.
1974 National AAU Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Paul Sherry.
1974 North American Championships Gold Medalist, defeating Robert Proulx.
1975 National AAU Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Milton Seward.
1975 North American Championships Gold Medalist, defeating Michel Briere.
1975 Pan American Games Light Welterweight Gold Medalist, defeating Victor Corona.
1976 Olympic Light Welterweight Gold Medalist, defeating Andrés Aldama.


Olympic Results


Defeated Ulf Carlsson (Sweden) points 5–0
Defeated Valery Limassov (Soviet Union) points 5–0
Defeated Clinton McKenzie (Great Britain) points 5–0
Defeated Ulrich Beyer (East Germany) points 5–0
Defeated Kazimierz Szczerba (Poland) points 5–0
Defeated Andrés Aldama (Cuba) points 5–0[17]

Change in plans[edit]
Juanita Wilkinson, Leonard's high school girlfriend, told him she was pregnant in the summer of 1973. They decided to have the baby but marriage would be put off until after the Olympics in 1976. Leonard would continue to pursue his Olympic dream while she and the baby, Ray Charles Leonard, Jr., lived with her parents. When Leonard boxed in the Olympics, he had a picture of Wilkinson taped to his sock.
Shortly before the Olympics, Wilkinson had filed an application to receive $156 a month in child support payments from Prince George's County. She named Leonard as the father and the county's state attorney's office filed a civil suit against Leonard to establish paternity and get support payments for the child. Leonard learned of the suit several days after returning home from the Olympics. The headline in the Washington Star read, "Sugar Ray Leonard Named in Welfare Dept. Paternity Suit".[18]
Wilkinson went to the Olympics to watch Leonard box, but she did not tell him about the suit and never asked him for any money. "I didn't feel like being bothered by all those complications by asking him for any money for support", she said. Leonard pledged he would support his son, even if he had to scrap plans to attend college.[19]
Leonard had hoped to get lucrative endorsements following his gold medal win, but the negative publicity from the paternity suit chased off any big commercial possibilities. To make matters worse, his father was hospitalized with meningitis and his mother suffered a heart attack. With neither parent able to work, with his child and the mother of his child to support, and without any endorsement opportunities, Leonard decided to become a professional boxer.[20]
Professional career[edit]
Early professional career[edit]
When Leonard decided to turn professional, Janks Morton introduced him to Mike Trainer, a friend of his who was an attorney. Trainer talked 24 of his friends and clients into underwriting Leonard's career with an investment of $21,000 to be repaid within four years at 8% interest. Trainer then made Leonard the sole stockholder in Sugar Ray Leonard, Inc. Angelo Dundee, Muhammad Ali's trainer, was brought in to be Leonard's trainer and manager. Many of the people being considered wanted absolute control and a cut somewhere near the manager's traditional 33%. Dundee had a different proposition. Although he would prescribe the training procedures, he would leave the day-to-day work to Dave Jacobs and Janks Morton. He would also choose Leonard's opponents. For his services, Dundee would get 15% of Leonard's purse.[21]
Leonard made his professional debut on February 5, 1977 before a crowd of 10,270 at the Civic Center in Baltimore. He was paid $40,044 for the fight. His opponent was Luis "The Bull" Vega, whom he defeated by a six-round unanimous decision.[22] After the fight, Leonard paid back his $21,000 loan to the investors.[23]
In his fourteenth professional fight, Leonard fought his first world-ranked opponent, Floyd Mayweather, who was ranked seventeenth. The fight took place on September 9, 1978.[citation needed] Leonard won by a tenth-round knockout.[24] A month later, Leonard defeated his old amateur nemesis Randy Shields by a ten-round unanimous decision.[25][26]
On August 12, 1979, Leonard knocked out Pete Ranzany in four rounds to win the NABF Welterweight Championship.[27] The following month, he made his first title defense against Andy Price. Many felt that Price would give Leonard a tough fight, but Leonard took him out in the first round, advancing his record to 25–0 with 16 knockouts.[28]
First world title[edit]
Leonard vs. Benitez[edit]
Leonard fought Wilfred Benítez for the WBC Welterweight Championship on November 30, 1979, at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada. There was a capacity crowd of about 4,600. Leonard received $1 million and Benitez, a two-division champion with a record of 38–0–1, received $1.2 million.
It was a highly competitive and tactical battle. In the first round, Leonard rocked Benitez with a left hook that came off a jab and right cross. Late in the third, Leonard dropped Benitez on the seat of his pants with a stiff left jab. More embarrassed than hurt, Benitez got up quickly.
Benitez started to do better in the fourth, slipping numerous punches and finding the range with his right hand. "I wasn't aware I was in a championship early because I hit him so easy", Leonard said. "But then he adjusted to my style. It was like looking in a mirror".
In the sixth, there was an accidental clash of heads, which opened a cut on the forehead of Benitez. Blood flowed down his forehead and the bridge of his nose but stayed out of his eyes.
Leonard landed the harder punches and had Benitez hurt several times late in the fight, but Leonard couldn't put him away. Benitez was very slick. "No one, I mean no one, can make me miss punches like that", Leonard said.
Going into the final round, Leonard led by scores of 137–130, 137–133, and 136–134. The two went toe-to-toe in the fifteenth. Late in the round, Leonard dropped Benitez with a left. He got up, but after a few more punches, the referee stopped the fight. The time was 2:54 of round fifteen.[29]
The Boxing Writers Association of America and The Ring named Leonard "Fighter of the Year" for 1979.
Leonard vs. Green[edit]
Leonard made his first title defense in Landover, Maryland, on March 31, 1980. His opponent was Dave "Boy" Green. The British challenger had a record of 33–2. In the fourth round, Leonard knocked Green out with a devastating left hook. Leonard called it "the hardest single punch I ever threw."[30]
The Brawl in Montreal[edit]
On June 20, 1980, Leonard returned to the Olympic Stadium in Montreal to defend his title against Roberto Durán before a crowd of 46,317. Durán, the former Undisputed World Lightweight Champion for 6 1/2 years, had a record of 71–1 and was the #1 welterweight contender and considered the best "Pound for Pound" fighter in the world. Durán received $1.5 million and Leonard, working for a percentage of the closed-circuit gate as well as a guarantee, received over $9 million.
Angelo Dundee counseled Leonard to box, to move side to side and not to get caught on the ropes. However, Leonard decided to fight Durán's way. "Flat-footed", he said. "I will not run."[31]
Durán forced the issue and took the fight to Leonard, cutting off the ring and denying Leonard space to fight his fight. Durán attacked at almost every turn. Leonard battled back again and again, but he had to work just to find room to breathe and swing, at times simply to survive. In the second, Durán rocked Leonard with a left hook, sending him into the ropes. Leonard started to do better by the fifth round, finding some punching room and throwing numerous multi-punch combinations. The two fought with great intensity throughout the fight. According to Bill Nack:

It was, from almost the opening salvo, a fight that belonged to Durán. The Panamanian seized the evening and gave it what shape and momentum it had. He took control, attacking and driving Leonard against the ropes, bulling him back, hitting him with lefts and rights to the body as he maneuvered the champion against the ropes from corner to corner. Always moving forward, he mauled and wrestled Leonard, scoring inside with hooks and rights. For three rounds Durán drove at Sugar Ray with a fury, and there were moments when it seemed the fight could not last five. Unable to get away, unable to counter and unable to slide away to open up the ring, Leonard seemed almost helpless under the assault. Now and then he got loose and countered—left-right-left to Durán's bobbing head—but he missed punches and could not work inside, could not jab, could not mount an offense to keep Durán at bay.[31]

Durán was awarded a unanimous decision, although it was mistakenly read as a majority decision in the ring. The scorecard of judge Angelo Poletti was incorrectly added and announced as 147–147. He actually scored it 148–147. In rounds, he had it three for Durán, two for Leonard, and ten even. Sports Illustrated called his scorecard "a monument to indecision." Judges Raymond Baldeyrou and Harry Gibbs scored the fight 146–144 and 145–144, respectively. Associated Press had it 144–141 for Durán, while The New York Times had Leonard ahead 144–142.
"I did the best I could", Leonard said. "I think I pretty much fought from the heart." Asked if Leonard was the best he ever fought, Durán thought for a moment and then answered, "Si, si." Durán said. "He does have a heart. That's why he's living."[32][33]
Revenge in New Orleans[edit]
The rematch, billed as "Stone vs. Sugar.. Once Again", took place November 25, 1980 at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans in front of 25,038 fans. Leonard received $7 million and Durán received $8 million.
Dave Jacobs disagreed with the decision to have an immediate rematch with Durán and terminated his relationship with Leonard when the rematch was made. "My idea is that he should have a tuneup fight before he fights with Roberto again", Jacobs said. "I think he won the fight with Durán, but I don't think it is healthy for him to be fighting Durán right away".[34]
After the Montreal fight Durán went on a partying binge and ballooned in weight. Leonard was aware of this, and in an interview for Beyond the Glory he said: "My intention was to fight Durán ASAP because I knew Durán's habits. I knew he would indulge himself, he'd gain 40–50 lbs and then sweat it off to make 147." Unlike the fight in Montreal, Leonard used his superior speed and movement to outbox and befuddle Durán. "The whole fight, I was moving, I was moving", Leonard said. "And Voom! I snapped his head back with a jab. Voom! I snapped it back again. He tried to get me against the ropes, I'd pivot, spin off and Pow! Come under with a punch."
In round seven, Leonard started to taunt Durán. Leonard's most memorable punch came late in the round. Winding up his right hand, as if to throw a bolo punch, Leonard snapped out a left jab and caught Durán flush in the face. "It made his eyes water", Leonard said. He continued to taunt Durán mercilessly. He stuck out his chin, inviting Durán to hit it. Durán hesitated. Leonard kept it up, continuing to move, stop, and mug.
In the closing seconds of the eighth round, Durán turned his back to Leonard and quit, saying to referee Octavio Meyran, "No Mas." Leonard was the winner by a technical knockout at 2:44 of round eight, regaining the WBC Welterweight Championship. Leonard led by scores of 68–66, 68–66 and 67–66.[35]
Durán said he quit because of stomach cramps, caused by overeating after the weigh-in. "At the end of the fifth round, I got cramps in my stomach and it kept getting worse and worse", Duran later said. "I felt weaker and weaker in my body and arms." He then announced, "I am retiring from boxing right now." During the night Durán was admitted to a hospital with stomach pains, and discharged the following day.
Everyone was surprised by Durán's actions, none more so than his veteran trainers, Freddie Brown and Ray Arcel. "I was shocked", Brown said. "There was no indication that he was in pain or getting weak."[36] Arcel was angry. "That's it", he said. "I've had it. This is terrible. I've handled thousands of fighters and never had anyone quit on me. I think he needs a psychiatrist more than he needs anything else." Durán's manager, Carlos Eleta, said, "Durán didn't quit because of stomach cramps. He quit because he was embarrassed. I know this."[37] According to Randy Gordon, who witnessed Durán's antics beforehand and was in his dressing room immediately afterwards, Durán quit because of his huge eating binge prior to the fight.[38]
"I made him quit", Leonard said. "To make a man quit, to make Roberto Durán quit, was better than knocking him out."[39]
Second world title[edit]
Leonard vs. Bonds[edit]
On March 28, 1981, Leonard defended his title against Larry Bonds, the WBC sixth-ranked contender, at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse, New York. Bonds was a southpaw, which made him a good opponent for Leonard, given that his next opponent was scheduled to be the WBA Light Middleweight Champion Ayub Kalule, a southpaw.
Leonard was the aggressor throughout, with Bonds circling the ring. He staggered Bonds with a right in the fourth round and dropped him with a follow-up combination. Bonds got up and continued to move, with Leonard in pursuit. Leonard dropped him again in the tenth. Bonds rose but Leonard didn't let him off the hook. The referee stopped the fight with Bonds taking punishment in a corner.[40]
Leonard vs. Kalule[edit]
Leonard moved up to the junior middleweight division and faced Kalule on June 25, 1981 at the Astrodome in Houston, Texas. Kalule, who was 36–0, had been the WBA Light Middleweight Champion for two years.
Kalule and his handlers had expected Leonard to use lateral movement against him, but Leonard took the fight to Kalule. After eight tough rounds, Leonard was ahead although Kalule appeared to be coming on strong in the eight and ninth. Leonard finally hurt him with a right to the head. Shortly afterward, Leonard dropped him with a flurry of punches. Kalule got up but the referee waved it off. Leonard celebrated his victory with a full 360-degree, no-hands flip.[41] Despite an official stoppage time of 2.59, the fight was actually stopped at 3.06 into the round, meaning Kalule should have been saved by the bell.[42]
The Showdown[edit]
Main article: Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Thomas Hearns
Promoted as "The Showdown", Leonard fought Thomas Hearns on September 16, 1981 at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas to unify the World Welterweight Championship in a scheduled fifteen-rounder. They fought before a live crowd of 23,618. Hearns was paid $5.1 million, and Leonard made over $11 million. The fight grossed over $35 million. The live gate was $5.9 million, and the revenue from pay-per-view was $7.5 million.
Hearns, 32–0 with 30 knockouts, won the WBA Welterweight Championship in 1980, scoring a second-round knockout of José "Pipino" Cuevas in Detroit, Michigan. He made three successful title defenses, stopping Luis Primera, Randy Shields, and Pablo Baez.
The fight began as expected, Leonard boxing from a distance and Hearns stalking. Leonard had difficulty with Hearns' long reach and sharp jab. By the end of round five, Leonard had a growing swelling under his left eye, and Hearns had built a considerable lead on the scorecards. Leonard, becoming more aggressive, hurt Hearns in the sixth with a left hook to the chin. Leonard battered Hearns in rounds six and seven, but Hearns regrouped. Hearns started to stick and move, and he started to pile up points again. The roles reversed: Leonard became the stalker and Hearns became the boxer. The fight billed as a classic showdown between a powerful knockout artist and the best boxer/puncher the welterweight division had seen in decades devolved into a tactical and boring fight.
Hearns won rounds nine through twelve on all three scorecards. Between rounds twelve and thirteen, Angelo Dundee told Leonard, "You're blowing it, son! You're blowing it!".
Leonard, with a badly swollen left eye, came out roaring for the thirteenth round. After hurting Hearns with a right, Leonard exploded with a combination of punches. Hearns' legs were clearly gone and after more pressure from Leonard he was bundled through the ropes, no knockdown was given as it wasn't a punch that sent him there. Hearns managed to rise, but was dropped by a flurry of hard punches near the end of the round.
In round fourteen, after staggering Hearns with an overhand right, Leonard pinned Hearns against the ropes, where he unleashed another furious combination, prompting referee Davey Pearl to stop the contest and award Sugar Ray Leonard the Unified World Welterweight Championship. Hearns was leading by scores of 124–122, 125–122, and 125–121.
After the fight, there was controversy due to the scoring of rounds six and seven. Even though Leonard dominated, hurting Hearns and battering him, all three judges gave both rounds to Leonard by a 10–9 margin. Many felt that the ten-point must scoring system was not properly used and those rounds should have been scored 10–8.[43] Some also considered the stoppage premature. Veteran ringside commentator Don Dunphy said "They're stopping the fight. I don't believe it. Hearns was ahead on points." However, Emanuel Steward, Hearns' manager and trainer, said, "I felt that the referee was justified in stopping the fight ... Tommy did not have enough energy to make it through the fight."[44]
The fight was named "Fight of the Year" by The Ring.
Leonard was named "Fighter of the Year" by The Ring and The Boxing Writers Association of America. He was also named "Athlete of the Year" by ABC's Wide World of Sports and "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.[45]
Retirement and return[edit]
On February 15, 1982, Leonard defended the unified title against Bruce Finch, the WBC fourth-ranked contender. Leonard knocked him out in the third round.[46] Leonard's next fight was scheduled to be against Roger Stafford on May 14, 1982, in Buffalo, New York. While training, Leonard started to see floaters. He went to a doctor and discovered that he had a detached retina. The fight was cancelled, and Leonard had surgery to repair the retina on May 9, 1982.[47]
On November 9, 1982, Leonard invited Marvin Hagler and other boxing dignitaries to a charity event in Baltimore, Maryland to hear him announce whether he would continue his career. Standing in a boxing ring with Howard Cosell, the master of ceremonies, Leonard announced his retirement, saying a bout with Hagler would unfortunately never happen. Leonard maintained his eye was fully healed, but that he just didn't want to box anymore.[48]
Missing the limelight and the competition, Leonard announced in December 1983 that he was returning to the ring. Leonard boasted that he would have a couple of ten-round bouts and then take on Milton McCrory, Donald Curry, Durán, Hearns and finally Hagler. This decision was met with a torrent of criticism from fans and the media, who felt Leonard was taking unnecessary risks with his surgically repaired eye.[49]
A bout with Philadelphia's Kevin Howard, who was 20–4–1, was scheduled for February 25, 1984. The fight was postponed when Leonard had minor surgery on his right eye to fix a loose retina. This latest eye problem further fueled the flames of those who opposed Leonard's comeback.[50]
Before the fight with Howard, Dave Jacobs rejoined Leonard's team in a limited role. Jacobs had quit in 1980, disagreeing with Leonard's decision to have an immediate rematch with Durán.[51]
Leonard and Howard fought on May 11, 1984, in Worcester, Massachusetts. Howard knocked Leonard flat on his back in the fourth round. It was the first knockdown of Leonard's professional career. Leonard came back to stop Howard in the ninth round, but the stoppage was disputed, with some feeling that the referee stopped the fight prematurely. Leonard was ahead on all three scorecards at the time of the stoppage. At the post-fight press conference, Leonard surprised everyone by announcing his retirement again, saying he just didn't have it anymore.[52]
The Super Fight[edit]
On March 10, 1986, Marvin Hagler knocked out John Mugabi in eleven rounds to retain the Undisputed World Middleweight Championship for the twelfth time and advance his record to 62–2–2. "I was ringside", Leonard said. "I'm watching John 'The Beast' Mugabi fight Hagler. Of all people, John 'The Beast' Mugabi." It was then that Leonard decided to come back and fight Hagler. He called Mike Trainer and said, "I can beat Hagler".
On May 1, 1986, Leonard announced on a Washington, D.C. talk show that he would return to the ring to fight Hagler. The announcement generated a lot of controversy because of Leonard's inactivity and eye injuries, yet it also excited many sports fans who had hoped to see them fight years earlier. Hagler took a few months to decide, then agreed to the match.[53]
The fight, promoted as "The Super Fight" and "The King of the Ring", was scheduled for April 6, 1987, at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. Leonard was guaranteed $11 million, and Hagler was guaranteed $12 million. Hagler was a heavy favorite. The odds started at 4–1, then settled at 3–1. A paying crowd 12,379 generated a live gate of $6.2 million. According to Bob Arum, the fight grossed $78 million which would equates to $170m in 2016.
The original fight plan for Leonard was to go toe-to-toe with Hagler and try to cut him, but the plan changed about five days before the fight. Leonard got hit by sparring partner Quincy Taylor and was badly buckled. "He almost knocked me out", Leonard said. After that, Leonard decided to box Hagler.[54]
Many were surprised that Hagler, a natural southpaw, opened the fight boxing out of an orthodox stance. After the quick and slick Leonard won the first two rounds on all three scorecards, Hagler started the third round as a southpaw. Hagler did better, but Leonard's superior speed and boxing skill still allowed him to control the fight. Hagler looked stiff and mechanical and missed the speedy Leonard time and again prompting ringside commentator for the NBC network re-broadcast Gil Clancy to remark "...and is he ever missing...Leonard isn't doing anything to make him miss, he's just missing!"
By the fifth, Leonard, who was moving a lot, began to tire and Hagler started to get closer. Hagler buckled Leonard's knees with a right uppercut near the end of the round, which finished with Leonard on the ropes. Hagler continued to score somewhat effectively in round six. Leonard, having slowed down, was obliged to fight more and move less. However, he was able to outpunch Hagler along the ropes and got the better of several bristling exchanges. Hagler never seized total control of the fight as he had against Thomas Hearns two years earlier, when he brutalized Hearns and scored a third-round knockout. Hagler's punches lacked snap and, although he was scoring solidly to the body, he looked nothing like the powerful fighter who had dominated the middleweight division for the previous five years. Leonard's observation that the Hagler who beat John Mugabi was older and slower proved to be spot on. In rounds seven and eight, Hagler's southpaw jab was landing solidly and Leonard's counter flurries were less frequent.
Round nine was the most exciting round of the fight. Hagler hurt Leonard with a left cross and pinned him in a corner. Leonard looked to be in trouble, but he furiously fought his way out of the corner. The action see-sawed back and forth for the rest of the round, with each man having his moments. However, Hagler's moments were more spectacular and one of Hagler's cornermen: Roger Perron (in an interview that took place on an episode of HBO's Legendary Nights episode segments in 2003) later stated that: "the ninth round was probably Marvin (Hagler)'s, best round".
Round ten was tame by comparison, as the pace slowed after the furious action of the previous round but with Hagler having more spectacular moments. Despite Leonard's obvious fatigue, he boxed well in the eleventh. Every time Hagler scored, Leonard came back with something flashier and more eye-catching, if not as effective. But at that point in the fight, Hagler appeared to be slightly more ring-general and clearly more aggressive. Between rounds eleven and twelve, Leonard's trainer: Angelo Dundee, implored Sugar Ray to get up off his stool yelling "We got three minutes...new champ...new champ!" Leonard yelled "Yeah!" and played to the screaming crowd. Hagler's corner was much more reserved prompting Clancy to comment: "They're talking to him like it's an IBM meeting or something...no emotion." In the final round, Hagler continued to chase Leonard. He hit Leonard with a big left hand and backed him into a corner. Leonard responded with a furious flurry, landing few punches but whipping the upset-hoping crowd into a frenzy. Hagler backed off, and Leonard danced away with Hagler in pursuit. The fight ended with Hagler and Leonard exchanging along the ropes. At the final bell, even uniformed ringside security rushed into the ring applauding and lauding Leonard's effort.[55]
Leonard threw 629 punches and landed 306, while Hagler threw 792 and landed 291.[56]
Leonard was awarded a controversial split-decision. Judge Dave Moretti scored it 115–113 for Leonard, while judge Lou Filippo had it 115–113 for Hagler. Judge José Guerra scored the fight 118–110 for Leonard. Many felt that Hagler deserved the decision because he was the aggressor and landed the harder punches. Scottish boxing journalist Hugh McIlvanney wrote that Leonard's plan was to "steal rounds with a few flashy and carefully timed flurries....he was happy to exaggerate hand speed at the expense of power, and neither he nor two of the scorers seemed bothered by the fact that many of the punches landed on the champion's gloves and arms."[57]
Many others felt that Leonard deservedly got the decision, arguing that Leonard landed more punches and showed better defense and ring generalship. Jim Murray, long-time sports columnist for the Los Angeles Times, wrote, "It wasn't even close...He didn't just outpoint Hagler, he exposed him. He made him look like a guy chasing a bus. In snowshoes.... Leonard repeatedly beat Hagler to the punch. When he did, he hit harder. He hit more often.... He made Hagler into what he perceived him to be throughout his career—a brawler, a swarmer, a man who could club you to death only if you stood there and let him. If you moved, he was lost."[58]
The fight was named "Fight of the Year" and "Upset of the Year" by The Ring.
Despite requests from the Hagler camp, Leonard was uninterested in a rematch and retired on May 27, 1987. "I'll try, I'll give it a shot", Leonard said of his latest retirement. "But you guys know me."[59] A month after Hagler's formal retirement in June 1988 Leonard would announce another comeback.
Another comeback[edit]
Leonard v Lalonde[edit]
On November 7, 1988, Leonard made another comeback, facing Don Lalonde at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas. They fought for Lalonde's WBC Light Heavyweight Championship and the newly created WBC Super Middleweight Championship, which meant that Lalonde had to make 168 lbs. Many were critical of Leonard for stipulating that his opponent—a natural 175 pounder—should weigh less than his usual fighting weight, which could possibly weaken him. However, Lalonde later told HBO's Larry Merchant that he didn't have any trouble making weight.[60]
Lalonde, 31–2 with 26 knockouts, was guaranteed at least $6 million and Leonard was guaranteed over $10 million.
This would be Leonard's first professional fight without Angelo Dundee. For Leonard's fight with Hagler, Dundee worked without a contract and received $175,000, which was less than 2% of Leonard's purse. Dundee was unhappy with that amount. He requested a contract for the Lalonde fight and Leonard refused. "I don't have contracts. My word is my bond", Leonard said. Janks Morton and Dave Jacobs trained Leonard for the Lalonde fight.[61][62]
Lalonde's size and awkwardness troubled Leonard. In the fourth round, a right hand to the top of Leonard's head dropped him for just the second time in his career. Early in the ninth, Lalonde hurt Leonard with a right to the chin. Leonard fired back and hurt Lalonde with a right. He drove him to the ropes and unleashed a furious assault. Lalonde tried to tie up Leonard, but got dropped with a powerful left hook. He rose but was soon down again, and the fight was stopped. Judges Chuck Giampa and Franz Marti had Leonard ahead by scores of 77–74 and 77–75, respectively. Judge Stuart Kirshenbaum had Lalonde ahead 76–75.[63]
After the fight, Leonard vacated the light heavyweight title, but kept the super middleweight title. Also, Leonard and Janks Morton split because of personal differences. Morton was replaced as co-trainer by Pepe Correa, who had worked with Leonard for most of the previous fifteen years.[64]
Leonard v Hearns[edit]
On June 12, 1989, Leonard defended the WBC Super Middleweight Championship in a rematch with Thomas Hearns at Caesar's Palace. It was promoted as "The War." Hearns was guaranteed $11 million and Leonard was guaranteed $14 million.
Hearns dropped Leonard with a right cross in the third round, but Leonard came back and battered Hearns around the ring in the fifth. Early in the seventh round, Hearns hurt Leonard but punched himself out going for the knockout. With Hearns fatigued, Leonard came back and had a strong finish to the round. Rounds nine and ten were good rounds for Leonard, but he ran into trouble in the eleventh round. Three booming rights from Hearns sent Leonard down for the second time in the fight. Knowing he needed a big finish, Leonard fought furiously and had a big final round.
The judges scored the fight a draw and Leonard retained the title. Judge Jerry Roth scored the fight 113–112 for Hearns, Judge Tom Kazmarek scored it 113–112 for Leonard, and Judge Dalby Shirley scored it 112–112. Shirley was the only judge to give Leonard a 10–8 margin in the twelfth. If he had scored it 10–9, as his two colleagues did, Hearns would have won by a split decision. The decision was soundly booed, as most felt that Hearns had won.[65] Eventually, Leonard admitted that Hearns deserved the decision.
Leonard v Duran[edit]
On December 7, 1989, Leonard defended the title against Roberto Durán, who was the reigning WBC Middleweight Champion. Durán was guaranteed $7.6 million and Leonard's arrangement guaranteed him over $13 million.[66]
For the Durán fight, Leonard cut his entourage from twenty-one to six. Dave Jacobs was one of the people let go, leaving Correa as the sole trainer. Correa was instructed not to spare the whip. "For the first time in a long time, I allowed someone to push me", Leonard said.
The fight took place at the new Mirage Hotel in Las Vegas. Leonard used constant lateral movement and won by a lopsided twelve-round unanimous decision over a listless Durán. The scores were 120–110, 119–109, and 116–111. In a fight that many considered to be very boring, both fighters were booed often by the fans and many left the arena before the decision was announced. Pat Putnam of Sports Illustrated wrote, "Leonard gave them artistic perfection when they wanted heated battle, and they booed lustily. Most fight fans would not spend a dime to watch Van Gogh paint Sunflowers, but they would fill Yankee Stadium to see him cut off his ear."[67] Although Leonard dominated the fight, he suffered several cuts. His lower lip was cut from a headbutt in the fourth round, his left eye was cut in the eleventh round, and his right eye was cut in the twelfth round. The cuts required a total of sixty stitches.[68]
In January 1990, Leonard relinquished the WBC Super Middleweight Championship, saying that he was unsure whether he would fight again.[69] When Leonard decided to continue his career, he offered Hagler a rematch, but Hagler decided to stay retired.[70] He then offered Hearns a third fight, but Hearns said he could no longer make the weight and moved up to the light heavyweight division.[71]
Leonard v Norris[edit]
On February 9, 1991, Leonard went down to 154 lbs and fought WBC Light Middleweight Champion Terry Norris at Madison Square Garden. Leonard entered the bout as a 3-1 favorite but Norris dominated the fight, giving Leonard a heavy beating. He knocked Leonard down with a left hook in the second round, and in the seventh, he dropped Leonard again with a short right. Leonard had no answer for the skillful, younger, faster man. Leonard went the distance but lost by a lopsided decision. The scores were 120–104, 119–103, and 116–110. After the verdict was announced, Leonard announced his retirement. "It took this fight to show me it is no longer my time", Leonard said. "Tonight was my last fight. I know how Hagler felt now."[72]
The last comeback[edit]
In October 1996, the 40-year-old Leonard announced that he was coming out of retirement to fight 34-year-old Héctor Camacho for the lightly regarded International Boxing Council (IBC) Middleweight Championship. Camacho, a light-hitting southpaw, was a three-time world champion with a record of 62–3–1. However, Camacho was also considered to be past his prime. Leonard decided to fight Camacho after commentating on his fight with the 45-year-old Roberto Durán the previous year. Camacho won by a disputed unanimous decision, which Leonard called "an early Christmas gift".
Leonard blamed his poor performance against Norris on lack of motivation, a rib injury, moving down in weight, and divorce, which was being litigated while he was in training. "It was stupid for me to fight Norris at 154 lbs", Leonard said. "This is different. I'm in the best shape possible."[73]
For the Camacho fight, Leonard had a new trainer, Adrian Davis. "He's a great trainer, a throwback", Leonard said. "He has really helped me get ready."[74]
In January 1997, it was announced that Leonard had been voted into the International Boxing Hall Of Fame in Canastota, New York. The rules state that a boxer must be retired for five years before being eligible for induction. When the vote took place, Leonard had been retired for more than five years, therefore, he was eligible, even though he had a fight scheduled. The induction ceremony was on June 15, 1997.[75]
The fight with Camacho took place on March 1, 1997, in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Camacho applied pressure from the opening bell and started to score well in the third. He continued to score well in the fourth and opened a cut above Leonard's right eye. In the fifth, Camacho dropped Leonard with a right followed by two left uppercuts. Leonard got up, but was unable to ward off Camacho. The referee stopped the fight with Camacho teeing off on a defenseless Leonard on the ropes. It was the only time in Leonard's career that he was knocked out.
Afterward, Leonard retired again, saying, "For sure, my career is definitely over for me in the ring." However, less than a week after the fight, Leonard said he planned to fight again. He blamed his loss on a torn right calf muscle. His doctor suggested that he cancel the fight, but Leonard wanted to go through with it. Before the fight, he was given a shot of novocaine.[76]
Leonard said he planned to have a series of tuneup fights before fighting a champion.[77] He was scheduled to fight Tony Menefee on February 15, 1998, in Australia, but he pulled out of the fight, saying that he didn't have the motivation. The Camacho fight was Leonard's last. He finished his career with a record of 36–3–1 with 25 knockouts.[78]
Professional boxing record[edit]


Professional record summary



40 fights
36 wins
3 losses


By knockout
25
1


By decision
11
2


Draws
1




No.
Result
Record
Opponent
Type
Round, time
Date
Location
Notes


40
Loss
36–3–1
 Héctor Camacho
TKO
5 (12), 1:08
Mar 1, 1997
 Convention Hall, Atlantic City, New Jersey, U.S.
For IBC middleweight title


39
Loss
36–2–1
 Terry Norris
UD
12
Feb 9, 1991
 Madison Square Garden, New York City, New York, U.S.
For WBC light middleweight title


38
Win
36–1–1
 Roberto Durán
UD
12
Dec 7, 1989
 The Mirage, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC super middleweight title


37
Draw
35–1–1
 Thomas Hearns
SD
12
Jun 12, 1989
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC super middleweight title;
For WBO super middleweight title


36
Win
35–1
 Donny Lalonde
TKO
9 (12), 2:30
Nov 7, 1988
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC light heavyweight and vacant WBC super middleweight titles


35
Win
34–1
 Marvin Hagler
SD
12
Apr 6, 1987
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal middleweight titles


34
Win
33–1
 Kevin Howard
TKO
9 (10), 2:27
May 11, 1984
 Centrum, Worcester, Massachusetts, U.S.



33
Win
32–1
 Bruce Finch
TKO
3 (15), 1:50
Feb 15, 1982
 Centennial Coliseum, Reno, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBA, WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


32
Win
31–1
 Thomas Hearns
TKO
14 (15), 1:45
Sep 16, 1981
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles;
Won WBA welterweight title


31
Win
30–1
 Ayub Kalule
TKO
9 (15), 3:06
Jun 25, 1981
 Astrodome, Houston, Texas, U.S.
Won WBA, The Ring, and lineal light middleweight titles


30
Win
29–1
 Larry Bonds
TKO
10 (15), 2:22
Mar 28, 1981
 Carrier Dome, Syracuse, New York, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


29
Win
28–1
 Roberto Durán
RTD
8 (15), 2:44
Nov 25, 1980
 Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


28
Loss
27–1
 Roberto Durán
UD
15
Jun 20, 1980
 Olympic Stadium, Montreal, Quebec, Canada
Lost WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


27
Win
27–0
 Dave Boy Green
KO
4 (15), 2:27
Mar 31, 1980
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


26
Win
26–0
 Wilfred Benítez
TKO
15 (15), 2:54
Nov 30, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


25
Win
25–0
 Andy Price
KO
1 (12), 2:52
Sep 28, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained NABF welterweight title


24
Win
24–0
 Pete Ranzany
TKO
4 (12), 2:41
Aug 12, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won NABF welterweight title


23
Win
23–0
 Tony Chiaverini
RTD
4 (10)
Jun 24, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



22
Win
22–0
 Marcos Geraldo
UD
10
May 20, 1979
 Riverside Centroplex, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, U.S.



21
Win
21–0
 Adolfo Viruet
UD
10
Apr 21, 1979
 Dunes, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



20
Win
20–0
 Daniel Aldo Gonzalez
TKO
1 (10), 2:03
Mar 24, 1979
 Community Center, Tucson, Arizona, U.S.



19
Win
19–0
 Fernand Marcotte
TKO
8 (10), 2:33
Feb 11, 1979
 Convention Center, Miami Beach, Florida, U.S.



18
Win
18–0
 Johnny Gant
TKO
8 (12), 2:57
Jan 11, 1979
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.



17
Win
17–0
 Armando Muniz
RTD
6 (10), 3:00
Dec 9, 1978
 Civic Center, Springfield, Massachusetts, U.S.



16
Win
16–0
 Bernardo Prada
UD
10
Nov 3, 1978
 Cumberland County Civic Center, Portland, Maine, U.S.



15
Win
15–0
 Randy Shields
UD
10
Oct 6, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



14
Win
14–0
 Floyd Mayweather Sr.
TKO
10 (10), 2:16
Sep 9, 1978
 Civic Center, Providence, Rhode Island, U.S.



13
Win
13–0
 Dicky Eklund
UD
10
Jul 18, 1978
 John B. Hynes Memorial Auditorium, Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.



12
Win
12–0
 Rafael Rodriguez
UD
10
Jun 3, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



11
Win
11–0
 Randy Milton
TKO
8 (10), 2:55
May 13, 1978
 Memorial Auditorium, Utica, New York, U.S.



10
Win
10–0
 Bobby Haymon
RTD
3 (10)
Apr 13, 1978
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.



9
Win
9–0
 Javier Muniz
KO
1 (8), 2:45
Mar 19, 1978
 Veterans Memorial Coliseum, New Haven, Connecticut, U.S.



8
Win
8–0
 Art McKnight
TKO
7 (8), 1:52
Mar 1, 1978
 Hara Arena, Dayton, Ohio, U.S.



7
Win
7–0
 Rocky Ramon
UD
8
Feb 4, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



6
Win
6–0
 Hector Diaz
KO
2 (8), 2:20
Dec 17, 1977
 D.C. Armory, Washington, D.C., U.S.



5
Win
5–0
 Augustin Estrada
KO
6 (8), 1:54
Nov 5, 1977
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



4
Win
4–0
 Frank Santore
KO
5 (8), 2:55
Sep 24, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



3
Win
3–0
 Vinnie DeBarros
TKO
3 (6), 1:59
Jun 10, 1977
 Civic Center, Hartford, Connecticut, U.S.



2
Win
2–0
 Willie Rodriguez
UD
6
May 14, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



1
Win
1–0
 Luis Vega
UD
6
Feb 5, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.
Professional debut


Media appearances[edit]




Leonard signs autographs at a Tristar Productions sports collectors show in Houston in January 2014.


Leonard has worked as a boxing analyst for ABC, CBS, NBC, ESPN, HBO and EPIX. His relationship with HBO lasted for more than a decade. It ended in 1990, after HBO was not offered an opportunity to bid on the telecast rights to Leonard's fight with Terry Norris. HBO believed it would be inappropriate for Leonard to continue with them if they couldn't bid on his fights. Leonard's attorney, Mike Trainer, said, "There never has been a linkage between his broadcasting and his fighting."[79]
Leonard has provided commercial endorsements for companies including Coca-Cola, EA Sports, Ford, Nabisco, Revlon and 7 Up. His most famous commercial was a 7 Up ad he did with his son, Ray Jr., Roberto Durán and Durán's son Roberto Jr. in the early 1980s.[80][81] Leonard is among the most sought-after motivational/inspirational speakers in the world today. His speech, entitled "Power" (Prepare, Overcome and Win Every Round), is consistently booked with major Fortune 500 companies throughout the United States and abroad.[82]
Leonard has also worked as an actor. He has appeared in numerous television shows, including Half & Half, L.A. Heat, Married... with Children, Renegade and Tales From The Crypt. He has also appeared in several movies, including I Spy and most recently The Fighter (2010), starring Christian Bale and Mark Wahlberg. This movie brought back memories of his fight with Dicky Eklund. He also worked as an adviser in the 2011 robot boxing film Real Steel. Leonard served as host and mentor to the aspiring fighters on The Contender. Sylvester Stallone, who co-hosted during the first season, was one of the executive producers, along with Mark Burnett. When Leonard left the show, he was replaced as host by Tony Danza for the final season.[83]
In 2001, Leonard launched Sugar Ray Leonard Boxing Inc., a boxing promotional company, and announced the company's strategic partnership with ESPN. Together, Leonard and ESPN would produce and promote "Sugar Ray Leonard and ESPN II Presents Friday Night Fights", which would air the first Friday of every month for twelve months.[84] Leonard's boxing promotional company was dissolved in 2004. He had a falling out with partner Bjorn Rebney, whom he called "a cancer in my company."[85] Speaking of his promotional company, Leonard said, "We did some great shows with evenly matched fights. I took great pride in it. But the TV show came about and made my decision a lot easier. I already had it in the back of my mind to dissolve the company. The working environment was not healthy."[86]
Leonard competed on season 12 of Dancing with the Stars, which premiered on Monday, March 21, 2011, on ABC. His partner was Anna Trebunskaya. He was voted off in Week 4 of the show.[87][88] During his appearance on The Colbert Report in 2011, Leonard was defeated by host Stephen Colbert in a thumb wrestling contest.[89] He appeared as a guest at the chef's table, along with Tito Ortiz, during the tenth season of Hell's Kitchen. He is the celebrity spokesperson for the Atlanta law firm John Foy and Associates, PC.
Leonard was also the subject of a Seinfeld episode (season 6, episode 22) where George tries to flatter his boss by saying he looks like Sugar Ray Leonard. The real Leonard (a Seinfeld fan) mentioned that he was told about the episode by friends and family, but had never seen it for himself until a friend gave him the DVD set for a gift.
Personal life[edit]
Family[edit]
Leonard married his high school sweetheart, Juanita Wilkinson, in January 1980. Their six-year-old son, Ray Jr., served as the ring bearer.[90] In 1984, they had another son, Jarrell.[91]
They were divorced in 1990. During divorce proceedings, Juanita Leonard testified that her husband physically abused her while under the influence of alcohol. She also said he was an occasional cocaine user. In his testimony, Leonard confirmed his wife's claims and went on to reveal that the problems of their marriage were not due to drug and alcohol use.[92]
After the Los Angeles Times broke the story, Leonard held a press conference and publicly acknowledged that the accusations were true. He said he started using after he retired in 1982, following surgery to repair a detached retina. "I wanted more", Leonard said. "I wanted that arena. I didn't want anyone to tell me my career had to end."
"I decided to search for a substitute...I resorted to cocaine. I used when I felt bad, I used when I missed competing at that level", he said. "It was a crutch, something that enabled me to forget."
He said he quit using drugs in early 1986, when he woke up one morning and "what I saw in the mirror was scary."
"I can never erase the pain or the scars I have made through my stupidity, my selfishness", Leonard said. "All I can do is say I'm sorry, but that is not enough."[93]
In 2011, Sugar Ray revealed in an NPR broadcast that he had been free of alcohol since July 2006.
In 1989, Leonard was introduced to Bernadette Robi by Kenny G at a Luther Vandross concert. Robi is the daughter of Paul Robi, one of the original Platters and she is the ex-wife of Lynn Swann.
Leonard and Robi were married at Leonard's $8.7 million estate in Pacific Palisades, California in August 1993. At the wedding ceremony, the grounds were converted into a garden with 10,000 roses and blossoms of other flowers flown in from the Netherlands.[94]
Leonard is also the godfather of Khloé Kardashian and has appeared on many episodes of Keeping Up With The Kardashians.
Charity work[edit]
For many years, Leonard has been the International Chairman of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation's Walk for a Cure and is actively involved in raising both awareness and funds.
Leonard testified before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs in 2009. The Senate hearing was titled "Type 1 Diabetes Research: Real Progress and Real Hope for a Cure." He testified about the burden of diabetes and the need for continued research funding to find a cure.[95]
Leonard and his wife, Bernadette, founded the Sugar Ray Leonard Foundation to support the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and its annual Walk for a Cure. In 2009, the foundation expanded to support programs that help people rebuild their communities in ten cities across the United States. It supports accessible housing, healthcare services, and educational services and job training.
In 2007 he was awarded The Ambassador Award of Excellence by the LA Sports & Entertainment Commission at the Riviera Country Club for his continued community involvement.[96]
Molestation[edit]
In his autobiography The Big Fight: My Life in and out of the Ring, published in June 2011, Leonard reveals that as a young boxer he was the victim of sexual abuse from an Olympic trainer as well as another man, a benefactor.[97] He has since made public appearances to bring attention to the issue of child sex abuse, declaring himself a "poster child" for the cause and encouraging victims to report their abuse.[98]
See also[edit]

List of lineal boxing world champions
List of welterweight boxing champions
List of light middleweight boxing champions
List of middleweight boxing champions
List of undisputed boxing champions
List of WBA world champions
List of WBC world champions
List of WBO world champions
List of The Ring world champions
List of boxing quintuple champions
Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Roberto Durán II
Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Thomas Hearns

References[edit]


^ a b c d "Sugar Ray Leonard". sports-reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Retrieved 5 September 2014. 
^ "The Lineal Boxing World Champions". Cyber Boxing Zone. 
^ http://www.skysports.com/boxing/news/12066/9949701/our-fives-favorite-five
^ http://rossboxing.com/2015/01/21/fabulous-four-hagler-hearns-duran-leonard/
^ "Sugar Ray was ring artist". Sports.espn.go.com. 2006-07-11. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "ESPN 50 Greatest Boxers of All Time". Sports.espn.go.com. 1994-11-05. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Mark Grossinger Etess Award". Boxrec.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 5, The Big Fight: My Life In and Out of the Ring by Sugar Ray Leonard ISBN 0452298040
^ Nack, William (26 November 1979). "Sugar Sure Is Sweet". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 17 July 2011. 
^ see page 1, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette June 17, 1980". News.google.com. 1980-06-17. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 7 & 8, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Edited by Gay Flood (1979-12-10). "Sports Illustrated December 10, 1979". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Iole, Kevin (2008-08-20). "One USA Boxing team stands above the rest by Kevin Iole". Sports.yahoo.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 42 & 43, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Pat Putnam (1976-08-09). "Sports Illustrated August 9, 1976". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard". Cyber Boxing Zone. 1956-05-17. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 33, 34 & 43 Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Sarasota Herald-Tribune August 6, 1976". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 63, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ see pages 65–68, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Pat Putnam (1977-02-14). "Sports Illustrated, February 14, 1977". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 75, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ see page 93, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Lewiston Evening Journal, October 7, 1978". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Soured Floyd". The Evening Independent. 
^ "The Spokesman-Review, August 13, 1979". News.google.com. 1979-08-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Star-News, September 29, 1979". News.google.com. 1979-09-29. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ William Nack (1979-12-10). "Sports Illustrated, December 12, 1979". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sarasota Herald Tribune, April 2, 1980". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ a b William Nack (1980-06-30). "Sports Illustrated". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard regains welterweight title". Daytona Beach Morning Journal. 1980-06-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ "The 'Noblest Savage' won the fight". The Dispatch. 1980-06-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ The Spokesman-Review September 11, 1980
^ William Nack (1980-12-08). "Sports Illustrated, December 8, 1980". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "How Sweet It Is!". Ocala Star-Banner. 1980-11-26. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ Roberto Duran Speaks: The Untold Story Is Finally Revealed!, Bill Brubaker, New York Daily News, 1981
^ "No Mas: My Version". Thesweetscience.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ William Nack (1980-12-08). "Sports Illustrated, December 8, 1980". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-04-06). "Sports Illustrated, April 6, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-07-06). "Sports Illustrated, July 6, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Ayub Kalule vs. Sugar Ray Leonard – Boxrec Boxing Encyclopaedia". Boxrec.com. Retrieved 2012-06-21. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-09-28). "Sports Illustrated, September 28, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ [1] Showtime, "The 12 Greatest Rounds of Boxing: The Untold Stories"
^ "Herald-Journal, January 16, 1982". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1982-03-01). "Sports Illustrated, March 1, 1982". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1982-05-24). "Sports Illustrated, May 24, 1982". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Fort Scott Tribune, November 10, 1982". News.google.com. 1982-11-10. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Times-News, December 12, 1983". News.google.com. 1983-12-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sarasota Herald-Tribune, February 15, 1984". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Miami News, May 10, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-05-10. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Courier, May 13, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-05-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "After A Year's Prefight, Bell Tolls For These". Articles.sun-sentinel.com. 1987-04-05. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Leonard's memories the stuff of legends". Sports.espn.go.com. 2007-03-06. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Sugar Ray...Still In Style, Nigel Collins, The Ring August 1987
^ Berkow, Ira (1987-04-09). "New York Times, April 9, 1987". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Hugh McIlvanney (1987-04-20). "Sports Illustrated, April 20, 1987". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Exposed Him, Jim Murray, 1987". News.google.com. 1987-04-08. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Anderson, Dave (1987-05-28). "New York Times, May 28, 1987". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ [2] HBO "Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Donny Lalonde"
^ "New Sunday Times, October 21, 1988". News.google.com. 1988-10-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Anderson, Dave (1988-11-06). "The New York Times, November 6, 1988". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1988-11-08). "The New York Times, November 8, 1988". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Pittsburgh Press, June 9, 1989". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1989-06-19). "Sports Illustrated, June 19, 1989". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1989-07-27). "The New York Times, July 27, 1989". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1989-12-18). "Sports Illustrated, December 18, 1989". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ The Item December 9, 1989
^ "Gainesville Sun, January 19, 1990". News.google.com. 1990-01-19. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Rick Telander (1990-07-02). "Sports Illustrated, July 2, 1990". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1991-02-08). "New York Times, February 8, 1991". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1991-02-18). "Sports Illustrated, February 18, 1991". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Brown, Clifton (1997-02-26). "The New York Times, February 26, 1997". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Brown, Clifton (1997-02-27). "The New York Times, February 27, 1997". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Victoria Advocate, January 15, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-01-15. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Southern Missourian, March 3, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-03-03. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "New Straits Times, March 8, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-03-08. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Idaho Spokesman-Review, January 12, 1998". News.google.com. 1998-01-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Daily Press, October 16, 1990". Pqasb.pqarchiver.com. 1990-10-16. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Cavalier Daily, April 30, 1982". News.google.com. 1982-04-30. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Sugar Ray Leonard 7 Up commercial on YouTube
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard Biography about.com". Realitytv.about.com. 2011-05-26. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ The Contender on IMDb
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard Back in the Ring with ESPN Friday Night Fights". Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on 2012-07-09. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Rafael, Dan (2004-10-19). "Leonard's promotion business down for count". USA Today. 
^ Rafael, Dan (2004-10-19). "USA Today, October 19, 2004". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "People: Sugar Ray departs 'Dancing With the Stars' | Dallas-Fort Worth Celebrity News – Entertainment News for Dallas, Texas – The Dallas Morning News". Dallasnews.com. 2011-04-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "'I put up a good fight': Sugar Ray Leonard is voted off Dancing With The Stars | Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. 2011-04-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "November 03, 2011 - Nathan Wolfe - The Colbert Report - Full Episode Video | Comedy Central". Colbertnation.com. 2011-10-31. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Spokesman-Review, January 21, 1980". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Anchorage Daily News, June 15, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-06-15. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Messner, Michael; Solomon, William (June 1, 1993). "Outside the Frame: Newspaper Coverage of the Sugar Ray Leonard Wife Abuse Story.". Sociology of Sport Journal. 10 (2): 119–134. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Daily News. 1991-03-31 https://news.google.com/newspapers?id=2hAbAAAAIBAJ&sjid=FEgEAAAAIBAJ&pg=6730,6962641&dq=sugar+ray+leonard+juanita+divorce&hl=en. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Duran wanted "no mas" of Leonard". Espn.go.com. 2003-11-19. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard's Testimony before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs". Jdrf.org. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Galluzzo, Steve (May 15, 2007). "Pacific Palisades -- Palisades-Post". palisadespost.com. Pacific Palisades, California, USA: Pacific Palisades Post. Retrieved July 21, 2012. 
^ In Book, Sugar Ray Leonard Says Coach Sexually Abused Him
^ Iole, Kevin. Sugar Ray Leonard proves himself a beacon of strength in the fight against child sex abuse. Yahoo! Sports. October 29, 2012. Retrieved October 30, 2012.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Sugar Ray Leonard.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Sugar Ray Leonard



Official website
Professional boxing record for Sugar Ray Leonard from BoxRec
Sugar Ray Leonard's Amateur Boxing Record
Sugar Ray Leonard in-depth interview about alcohol, cocaine, and being a champion



Sporting positions


Amateur boxing titles


Previous:
James Busceme
U.S. Golden Gloves lightweight champion
1973
Next:
Curtis Harris


Previous:
Larry Bonds
U.S. Golden Gloves light welterweight champion
1974
Next:
Paul Sherry


Previous:
Randy Shields
U.S. light welterweight champion
1974, 1975
Next:
Milton Seward


Regional boxing titles


Preceded by
Pete Ranzany
NABF welterweight champion
August 12, 1979 – November 30, 1979
Won WBC title
Vacant
Title next held by
Randy Shields


World boxing titles


Preceded by
Wilfred Benítez
WBC welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980
Succeeded by
Roberto Durán


The Ring welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980


Lineal welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980


Preceded by
Roberto Durán
WBC welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Milton McCrory


The Ring welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Donald Curry


Lineal welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired


Preceded by
Ayub Kalule
WBA light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 1981
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Tadashi Mihara


The Ring light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 22, 1981
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Thomas Hearns


Lineal light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 22, 1981
Vacated


Preceded by
Thomas Hearns
WBA welterweight champion
September 16, 1981 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Donald Curry


Vacant
Title last held by
José Nápoles
Undisputed welterweight champion
September 16, 1981 – November 9, 1982
Retired


Preceded by
Marvin Hagler
WBC middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Thomas Hearns


The Ring middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Sumbu Kalambay


Lineal middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Michael Nunn


New title
WBC super middleweight champion
November 7, 1988 – August 27, 1990
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Mauro Galvano


Preceded by
Donny Lalonde
WBC light heavyweight champion
November 7, 1988 – November 17, 1988
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Dennis Andries


Awards


Previous:
Matthew Saad Muhammad vs. Yaqui López II
The Ring Fight of the Year
vs. Thomas Hearns
1981
Next:
Bobby Chacon vs. Rafael Limón IV


Previous:
U.S. Olympic Hockey Team
Wide World of Sports Athlete of the Year
1981
Next:
Wayne Gretzky


Previous:
Steve Cruz vs. Barry McGuigan
The Ring Fight of the Year
vs. Marvin Hagler
1987
Next:
Tony Lopez vs. Rocky Lockridge


Previous:
Lloyd Honeyghan
KO6 Donald Curry
The Ring Upset of the Year
SD12 Marvin Hagler
1987
Next:
Iran Barkley
TKO3 Thomas Hearns


Previous:
Inaugural award
Mark Grossinger Etess Award
for Boxer of the Decade
1980–1989
Next:
Award discontinued








v
t
e


Olympic boxing champions – men's light welterweight




1952–2000: 60–63.5 kg, 2004-2012: 60–64 kg







1952:  Charles Adkins (USA)
1956:  Vladimir Yengibaryan (URS)
1960:  Bohumil Němeček (TCH)
1964:  Jerzy Kulej (POL)
1968:  Jerzy Kulej (POL)
1972:  Ray Seales (USA)
1976:  Ray Leonard (USA)
1980:  Patrizio Oliva (ITA)
1984:  Jerry Page (USA)
1988:  Vyacheslav Yanovskiy (URS)
1992:  Héctor Vinent (CUB)
1996:  Héctor Vinent (CUB)
2000:  Mahammatkodir Abdullaev (UZB)
2004:  Manus Boonjumnong (THA)
2008:  Manuel Félix Díaz (DOM)
2012:  Roniel Iglesias (CUB)
2016:  Fazliddin Gaibnazarov (UZB)













v
t
e


Pan American Boxing Champions in Men's Light Welterweight






1951 – 1999: up to 63.5 kg
2003 – 2011: up to 64 kg








1951: Oscar Pietta (ARG)
1955: Juan Carlos Rivero (ARG)
1959: Vincent Shomo (USA)
1963: Adolfo Moreyra (ARG)
1967: James Wallington (USA)
1971: Enrique Regüeiferos (CUB)
1975: Ray Leonard (USA)
1979: Lemuel Steeples (USA)
1983 – 1987: Candelario Duvergel (CUB)
1991: Stevie Johnston (USA)
1995: Walter Crucce (ARG)
1999: Victor Hugo Castro (ARG)
2003: Patrick López (VEN)
2007: Karl Dargan (USA)
2011: Roniel Iglesias (CUB)
2015: Arthur Biyarslanov (CAN)












v
t
e


Sports Illustrated Sportsperson of the Year






1954: Roger Bannister
1955: Johnny Podres
1956: Bobby Morrow
1957: Stan Musial
1958: Rafer Johnson
1959: Ingemar Johansson
1960: Arnold Palmer
1961: Jerry Lucas
1962: Terry Baker
1963: Pete Rozelle
1964: Ken Venturi
1965: Sandy Koufax
1966: Jim Ryun
1967: Carl Yastrzemski
1968: Bill Russell
1969: Tom Seaver
1970: Bobby Orr
1971: Lee Trevino
1972: Billie Jean King & John Wooden
1973: Jackie Stewart
1974: Muhammad Ali
1975: Pete Rose
1976: Chris Evert
1977: Steve Cauthen
1978: Jack Nicklaus
1979: Terry Bradshaw & Willie Stargell
1980: U.S. Olympic Hockey Team
1981: Sugar Ray Leonard
1982: Wayne Gretzky
1983: Mary Decker
1984: Edwin Moses & Mary Lou Retton
1985: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
1986: Joe Paterno
1987: Bob Bourne, Judi Brown King, Kipchoge Keino, Dale Murphy, Chip Rives, Patty Sheehan, Rory Sparrow, & Reggie Williams
1988: Orel Hershiser
1989: Greg LeMond
1990: Joe Montana
1991: Michael Jordan
1992: Arthur Ashe
1993: Don Shula
1994: Bonnie Blair & Johann Olav Koss
1995: Cal Ripken Jr.
1996: Tiger Woods
1997: Dean Smith
1998: Mark McGwire & Sammy Sosa
1999: U.S. Women's Soccer Team
2000: Tiger Woods
2001: Curt Schilling & Randy Johnson
2002: Lance Armstrong
2003: David Robinson & Tim Duncan
2004: Boston Red Sox
2005: Tom Brady
2006: Dwyane Wade
2007: Brett Favre
2008: Michael Phelps
2009: Derek Jeter
2010: Drew Brees
2011: Mike Krzyzewski & Pat Summitt
2012: LeBron James
2013: Peyton Manning
2014: Madison Bumgarner
2015: Serena Williams
2016: LeBron James












v
t
e


1976 USA Olympic Boxing Team



Athletes



Luis Curtis
Leo Randolph
Charles Mooney
David Armstrong
Howard Davis Jr.
Sugar Ray Leonard
Clinton Jackson
Chuck Walker
Michael Spinks
Leon Spinks
John Tate










Coaches

—










v
t
e


The Ring magazine Fighter of the Year






1928: Tunney
1929: Loughran
1930: Schmeling
1931: Loughran
1932: Sharkey
1933: No award
1934: Canzoneri & Ross
1935: Ross
1936: Louis
1937: Armstrong
1938: Louis
1939: Louis
1940: Conn
1941: Louis
1942: Robinson
1943: Apostoli
1944: Jack
1945: Pep
1946: Zale
1947: Lesnevich
1948: Williams
1949: Charles
1950: Charles
1951: Robinson
1952: Marciano
1953: Olson
1954: Marciano
1955: Marciano
1956: Patterson
1957: Basilio
1958: Johansson
1959: Johansson
1960: Patterson
1961: Brown
1962: Tiger
1963: Clay
1964: Griffith
1965: Tiger
1966: Ali
1967: Frazier
1968: Benvenuti
1969: Nápoles
1970: Frazier
1971: Frazier
1972: Ali & Monzón
1973: Foreman
1974: Ali
1975: Ali
1976: Foreman
1977: Zárate
1978: Ali
1979: Leonard
1980: Hearns
1981: Leonard & Sánchez
1982: Holmes
1983: Hagler
1984: Hearns
1985: Hagler & Curry
1986: Tyson
1987: Holyfield
1988: Tyson
1989: Whitaker
1990: Chávez
1991: Toney
1992: Bowe
1993: Carbajal
1994: Jones, Jr.
1995: De La Hoya
1996: Holyfield
1997: Holyfield
1998: Mayweather, Jr.
1999: Ayala
2000: Trinidad
2001: Hopkins
2002: Forrest
2003: Toney
2004: Johnson
2005: Hatton
2006: Pacquiao
2007: Mayweather, Jr.
2008: Pacquiao
2009: Pacquiao
2010: Martínez
2011: Ward
2012: Márquez
2013: Stevenson
2014: Kovalev
2015: Fury
2016: Frampton












v
t
e


Sugar Ray Robinson Award






1938: Dempsey
1939: Conn
1940: Armstrong
1941: Louis
1942: Ross
1943: Boxers of the Armed Forces
1944: B. Leonard
1945: Walker
1946: Zale
1947: Lesnevich
1948: Williams
1949: Charles
1950: Robinson
1951: Walcott
1952: Marciano
1953: Gavilán
1954: Olson
1955: Basilio
1956: Patterson
1957: Basilio
1958: Moore
1959: Johansson
1960: Patterson
1961: Fullmer
1962: Tiger
1963: Griffith
1964: Pastrano
1965: Ali
1966: Tiger
1967: Ortiz
1968: Foster
1969: Frazier
1970: Buchanan
1971: Frazier
1972: Monzón
1973: Foreman
1974: Ali
1975: Ali & Frazier
1976: Davis Jr., S. R. Leonard, Randolph, L. Spinks & M. Spinks
1977: Norton
1978: Holmes
1979: S. R. Leonard
1980: Hearns
1981: S. R. Leonard
1982: Pryor
1983: Hagler
1984: Hearns
1985: Hagler
1986: Tyson
1987: Chávez
1988: Tyson
1989: Whitaker
1990: Holyfield
1991: Toney
1992: Bowe
1993: Whitaker
1994: Foreman
1995: De La Hoya
1996: Holyfield
1997: Holyfield
1998: Mosley
1999: Lewis
2000: Trinidad
2001: Hopkins
2002: Forrest
2003: Toney
2004: Johnson
2005: Hatton
2006: Pacquiao
2007: Mayweather Jr.
2008: Pacquiao
2009: Pacquiao
2010: Martínez
2011: Ward
2012: Donaire
2013: Mayweather Jr.
2014: Crawford
2015: Mayweather Jr.
2016: Frampton









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 40715699
LCCN: n82049374
ISNI: 0000 0000 2681 963X
GND: 11888641X










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sugar_Ray_Leonard&oldid=789458384"					
Categories: 1956 birthsLiving peopleAfrican-American boxersAfrican-American male actorsBoxers at the 1976 Summer OlympicsAmerican boxing promotersInternational Boxing Hall of Fame inducteesLight-middleweight boxersLight-heavyweight boxersMiddleweight boxersPan American Games gold medalists for the United StatesOlympic boxers of the United StatesOlympic gold medalists for the United States in boxingMedalists at the 1976 Summer OlympicsParticipants in American reality television seriesSuper-middleweight boxersWorld Boxing Association championsWorld Boxing Council championsWorld Boxing Organization championsWelterweight boxersWinners of the United States Championship for amateur boxersSportspeople from Washington, D.C.Sportspeople from Wilmington, North CarolinaPeople from Palmer Park, MarylandAmerican male boxersThe Ring magazine championsWorld welterweight boxing championsWorld light-middleweight boxing championsWorld middleweight boxing championsWorld super-middleweight boxing championsWorld light-heavyweight boxing championsPan American Games medalists in boxingLight-welterweight boxersLightweight boxersNational Golden Gloves championsBoxers from North CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2017Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaBoxRec template with ID different from WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilge한국어IdoItalianoעבריתLatviešuMalagasyNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaไทยУкраїнськаWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:20.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Sugar Ray Leonard - Wikipedia






















 






Sugar Ray Leonard

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sugar Ray Leonard



Leonard in 2007



Statistics


Real name
Ray Charles Leonard[1]


Nickname(s)
Sugar


Weight(s)



Welterweight
Light middleweight
Middleweight
Super middleweight
Light heavyweight





Height
5 ft 10 in (178 cm)


Reach
74 in (188 cm)


Nationality
American


Born
(1956-05-17) May 17, 1956 (age 61)[1]
Wilmington, North Carolina, U.S.[1]


Stance
Orthodox


Boxing record


Total fights
40


Wins
36


Wins by KO
25


Losses
3


Draws
1




Medal record



Men's amateur boxing


Representing  United States


Olympic Games



1976 Montreal
Light welterweight


Pan American Games



1975 Mexico City
Light welterweight







Ray Charles Leonard (born May 17, 1956), best known as "Sugar" Ray Leonard, is an American former professional boxer, motivational speaker, and occasional actor. Often regarded as one of the greatest boxers of all time, he competed from 1977 to 1997, winning world titles in five weight divisions; the lineal championship in three weight divisions;[2] as well as the undisputed welterweight title.[3] Leonard was part of "The Fabulous Four",[4] a group of boxers who all fought each other throughout the 1980s, consisting of himself, Roberto Durán, Thomas Hearns and Marvin Hagler.
"The Fabulous Four" created a wave of popularity in the lower weight classes that kept boxing relevant in the post-Muhammad Ali era, during which Leonard defeated future fellow International Boxing Hall of Fame inductees Hearns, Durán, Hagler, and Wilfred Benítez.[5][6] Leonard was also the first boxer to earn more than $100 million in purses, and was named "Boxer of the Decade" in the 1980s.[7] The Ring magazine named him Fighter of the Year in 1979 and 1981, while the Boxing Writers Association of America (BWAA) named him Fighter of the Year in 1976, 1979, and 1981.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Amateur career

2.1 Achievements


3 Change in plans
4 Professional career

4.1 Early professional career
4.2 First world title

4.2.1 Leonard vs. Benitez
4.2.2 Leonard vs. Green


4.3 The Brawl in Montreal
4.4 Revenge in New Orleans
4.5 Second world title

4.5.1 Leonard vs. Bonds
4.5.2 Leonard vs. Kalule


4.6 The Showdown


5 Retirement and return

5.1 The Super Fight
5.2 Another comeback

5.2.1 Leonard v Lalonde
5.2.2 Leonard v Hearns
5.2.3 Leonard v Duran
5.2.4 Leonard v Norris


5.3 The last comeback


6 Professional boxing record
7 Media appearances
8 Personal life

8.1 Family
8.2 Charity work
8.3 Molestation


9 See also
10 References
11 External links



Early life[edit]
Leonard, the fifth of seven children of Cicero and Getha Leonard, was born in Wilmington, North Carolina.[1] He was named after Ray Charles, his mother's favorite singer.[8] The family moved to Washington, D.C., when he was three, and they settled permanently in Palmer Park, Maryland when he was ten. His father worked as a supermarket night manager and his mother was a nurse. He attended Parkdale High School, Leonard was a shy child, and aside from the time he nearly drowned in a creek during a flood in Seat Pleasant, Maryland, his childhood was uneventful. He stayed home a lot, reading comic books and playing with his dog. His mother said: "He never did talk too much. We never could tell what he was thinking. But I never had any problems with him. I never had to go to school once because of him."[9]
Amateur career[edit]
Leonard started boxing at the Palmer Park Recreation Center in 1969. His older brother, Roger, started boxing first. Roger helped start the boxing program, urging the center's director, Ollie Dunlap, to form a team. Dave Jacobs, a former boxer, and Janks Morton volunteered as boxing coaches. Roger won some trophies and showed them off in front of Ray, goading him to start boxing.
In 1972, Leonard boxed in the featherweight quarterfinals of the National AAU Tournament, losing by decision to Jerome Artis. It was his first defeat. Later that year, he boxed in the Eastern Olympic Trials. The rules stated that a boxer had to be seventeen to box in international competition, so Leonard, only sixteen, lied about his age.[10] He made it to the lightweight semifinals, losing a disputed decision to Greg Whaley, who took such a beating that he wasn't allowed to continue in the trials and never boxed again.[11]
Sarge Johnson, assistant coach of the U.S. Olympic Boxing Team, said to Dave Jacobs, "That kid you got is sweet as sugar". The nickname stuck. However, given his style and first name, it was probably only a matter of time before people started calling him Sugar Ray, after the man many consider to be the best boxer of all time, Sugar Ray Robinson.[12]
In 1973, Leonard won the National Golden Gloves Lightweight Championship, but lost to Randy Shields in the lightweight final of the National AAU Tournament. The following year, Leonard won the National Golden Gloves and National AAU Lightweight Championships. Leonard suffered his last two losses as an amateur in 1974. He lost a disputed decision to Anatoli Kamnev in Moscow, after which, Kamnev gave the winner's trophy to Leonard. In Poland, Kazimierz Szczerba was given a decision victory over Leonard, even though he was dominated in the first two rounds and dropped three times in the third.[13]
Leonard won the National Golden Gloves and National AAU Light Welterweight Championships in 1974. The following year, he again won the National AAU Light Welterweight Championship, as well as the Light Welterweight Championship at the Pan American Games.
In 1976, Leonard made the U.S. Olympic Team as the light welterweight representative. The team also included Leon and Michael Spinks, Howard Davis, Jr., Leo Randolph, Charles Mooney, and John Tate. Many consider the 1976 U.S. team to be the greatest boxing team in the history of the Olympics.[14] Leonard won his first four Olympic bouts by 5–0 decisions. He faced Kazimierz Szczerba in the semifinals and won by a 5–0 decision, avenging his last amateur loss.
In the final, Leonard boxed the great Cuban knockout artist Andrés Aldama, who scored five straight knockouts to reach the final. Leonard landed several good left hooks in the first round. In the second, he dropped Aldama with a left to the chin. Late in the final round, he again hurt Aldama, which brought a standing eight count from the referee.
With only a few seconds left in the fight, a Leonard combination forced another standing eight count. Leonard was awarded a 5–0 decision and the Olympic Gold Medal. Afterward, Leonard announced, "I'm finished...I've fought my last fight. My journey has ended, my dream is fulfilled. Now I want to go to school." He was given a scholarship to the University of Maryland, a gift from the citizens of Glenarden, Maryland. He planned to study business administration and communications.[15] He finished his amateur career with a record of 145–5 and 75 KO's.[16]
Achievements[edit]

1973 National Golden Gloves Lightweight Champion, defeating Hilmer Kenty.
1973 National AAU Light Welterweight Championship runner-up, losing to Randy Shields.
1974 National Golden Gloves Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Jeff Lemeir.
1974 National AAU Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Paul Sherry.
1974 North American Championships Gold Medalist, defeating Robert Proulx.
1975 National AAU Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Milton Seward.
1975 North American Championships Gold Medalist, defeating Michel Briere.
1975 Pan American Games Light Welterweight Gold Medalist, defeating Victor Corona.
1976 Olympic Light Welterweight Gold Medalist, defeating Andrés Aldama.


Olympic Results


Defeated Ulf Carlsson (Sweden) points 5–0
Defeated Valery Limassov (Soviet Union) points 5–0
Defeated Clinton McKenzie (Great Britain) points 5–0
Defeated Ulrich Beyer (East Germany) points 5–0
Defeated Kazimierz Szczerba (Poland) points 5–0
Defeated Andrés Aldama (Cuba) points 5–0[17]

Change in plans[edit]
Juanita Wilkinson, Leonard's high school girlfriend, told him she was pregnant in the summer of 1973. They decided to have the baby but marriage would be put off until after the Olympics in 1976. Leonard would continue to pursue his Olympic dream while she and the baby, Ray Charles Leonard, Jr., lived with her parents. When Leonard boxed in the Olympics, he had a picture of Wilkinson taped to his sock.
Shortly before the Olympics, Wilkinson had filed an application to receive $156 a month in child support payments from Prince George's County. She named Leonard as the father and the county's state attorney's office filed a civil suit against Leonard to establish paternity and get support payments for the child. Leonard learned of the suit several days after returning home from the Olympics. The headline in the Washington Star read, "Sugar Ray Leonard Named in Welfare Dept. Paternity Suit".[18]
Wilkinson went to the Olympics to watch Leonard box, but she did not tell him about the suit and never asked him for any money. "I didn't feel like being bothered by all those complications by asking him for any money for support", she said. Leonard pledged he would support his son, even if he had to scrap plans to attend college.[19]
Leonard had hoped to get lucrative endorsements following his gold medal win, but the negative publicity from the paternity suit chased off any big commercial possibilities. To make matters worse, his father was hospitalized with meningitis and his mother suffered a heart attack. With neither parent able to work, with his child and the mother of his child to support, and without any endorsement opportunities, Leonard decided to become a professional boxer.[20]
Professional career[edit]
Early professional career[edit]
When Leonard decided to turn professional, Janks Morton introduced him to Mike Trainer, a friend of his who was an attorney. Trainer talked 24 of his friends and clients into underwriting Leonard's career with an investment of $21,000 to be repaid within four years at 8% interest. Trainer then made Leonard the sole stockholder in Sugar Ray Leonard, Inc. Angelo Dundee, Muhammad Ali's trainer, was brought in to be Leonard's trainer and manager. Many of the people being considered wanted absolute control and a cut somewhere near the manager's traditional 33%. Dundee had a different proposition. Although he would prescribe the training procedures, he would leave the day-to-day work to Dave Jacobs and Janks Morton. He would also choose Leonard's opponents. For his services, Dundee would get 15% of Leonard's purse.[21]
Leonard made his professional debut on February 5, 1977 before a crowd of 10,270 at the Civic Center in Baltimore. He was paid $40,044 for the fight. His opponent was Luis "The Bull" Vega, whom he defeated by a six-round unanimous decision.[22] After the fight, Leonard paid back his $21,000 loan to the investors.[23]
In his fourteenth professional fight, Leonard fought his first world-ranked opponent, Floyd Mayweather, who was ranked seventeenth. The fight took place on September 9, 1978.[citation needed] Leonard won by a tenth-round knockout.[24] A month later, Leonard defeated his old amateur nemesis Randy Shields by a ten-round unanimous decision.[25][26]
On August 12, 1979, Leonard knocked out Pete Ranzany in four rounds to win the NABF Welterweight Championship.[27] The following month, he made his first title defense against Andy Price. Many felt that Price would give Leonard a tough fight, but Leonard took him out in the first round, advancing his record to 25–0 with 16 knockouts.[28]
First world title[edit]
Leonard vs. Benitez[edit]
Leonard fought Wilfred Benítez for the WBC Welterweight Championship on November 30, 1979, at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada. There was a capacity crowd of about 4,600. Leonard received $1 million and Benitez, a two-division champion with a record of 38–0–1, received $1.2 million.
It was a highly competitive and tactical battle. In the first round, Leonard rocked Benitez with a left hook that came off a jab and right cross. Late in the third, Leonard dropped Benitez on the seat of his pants with a stiff left jab. More embarrassed than hurt, Benitez got up quickly.
Benitez started to do better in the fourth, slipping numerous punches and finding the range with his right hand. "I wasn't aware I was in a championship early because I hit him so easy", Leonard said. "But then he adjusted to my style. It was like looking in a mirror".
In the sixth, there was an accidental clash of heads, which opened a cut on the forehead of Benitez. Blood flowed down his forehead and the bridge of his nose but stayed out of his eyes.
Leonard landed the harder punches and had Benitez hurt several times late in the fight, but Leonard couldn't put him away. Benitez was very slick. "No one, I mean no one, can make me miss punches like that", Leonard said.
Going into the final round, Leonard led by scores of 137–130, 137–133, and 136–134. The two went toe-to-toe in the fifteenth. Late in the round, Leonard dropped Benitez with a left. He got up, but after a few more punches, the referee stopped the fight. The time was 2:54 of round fifteen.[29]
The Boxing Writers Association of America and The Ring named Leonard "Fighter of the Year" for 1979.
Leonard vs. Green[edit]
Leonard made his first title defense in Landover, Maryland, on March 31, 1980. His opponent was Dave "Boy" Green. The British challenger had a record of 33–2. In the fourth round, Leonard knocked Green out with a devastating left hook. Leonard called it "the hardest single punch I ever threw."[30]
The Brawl in Montreal[edit]
On June 20, 1980, Leonard returned to the Olympic Stadium in Montreal to defend his title against Roberto Durán before a crowd of 46,317. Durán, the former Undisputed World Lightweight Champion for 6 1/2 years, had a record of 71–1 and was the #1 welterweight contender and considered the best "Pound for Pound" fighter in the world. Durán received $1.5 million and Leonard, working for a percentage of the closed-circuit gate as well as a guarantee, received over $9 million.
Angelo Dundee counseled Leonard to box, to move side to side and not to get caught on the ropes. However, Leonard decided to fight Durán's way. "Flat-footed", he said. "I will not run."[31]
Durán forced the issue and took the fight to Leonard, cutting off the ring and denying Leonard space to fight his fight. Durán attacked at almost every turn. Leonard battled back again and again, but he had to work just to find room to breathe and swing, at times simply to survive. In the second, Durán rocked Leonard with a left hook, sending him into the ropes. Leonard started to do better by the fifth round, finding some punching room and throwing numerous multi-punch combinations. The two fought with great intensity throughout the fight. According to Bill Nack:

It was, from almost the opening salvo, a fight that belonged to Durán. The Panamanian seized the evening and gave it what shape and momentum it had. He took control, attacking and driving Leonard against the ropes, bulling him back, hitting him with lefts and rights to the body as he maneuvered the champion against the ropes from corner to corner. Always moving forward, he mauled and wrestled Leonard, scoring inside with hooks and rights. For three rounds Durán drove at Sugar Ray with a fury, and there were moments when it seemed the fight could not last five. Unable to get away, unable to counter and unable to slide away to open up the ring, Leonard seemed almost helpless under the assault. Now and then he got loose and countered—left-right-left to Durán's bobbing head—but he missed punches and could not work inside, could not jab, could not mount an offense to keep Durán at bay.[31]

Durán was awarded a unanimous decision, although it was mistakenly read as a majority decision in the ring. The scorecard of judge Angelo Poletti was incorrectly added and announced as 147–147. He actually scored it 148–147. In rounds, he had it three for Durán, two for Leonard, and ten even. Sports Illustrated called his scorecard "a monument to indecision." Judges Raymond Baldeyrou and Harry Gibbs scored the fight 146–144 and 145–144, respectively. Associated Press had it 144–141 for Durán, while The New York Times had Leonard ahead 144–142.
"I did the best I could", Leonard said. "I think I pretty much fought from the heart." Asked if Leonard was the best he ever fought, Durán thought for a moment and then answered, "Si, si." Durán said. "He does have a heart. That's why he's living."[32][33]
Revenge in New Orleans[edit]
The rematch, billed as "Stone vs. Sugar.. Once Again", took place November 25, 1980 at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans in front of 25,038 fans. Leonard received $7 million and Durán received $8 million.
Dave Jacobs disagreed with the decision to have an immediate rematch with Durán and terminated his relationship with Leonard when the rematch was made. "My idea is that he should have a tuneup fight before he fights with Roberto again", Jacobs said. "I think he won the fight with Durán, but I don't think it is healthy for him to be fighting Durán right away".[34]
After the Montreal fight Durán went on a partying binge and ballooned in weight. Leonard was aware of this, and in an interview for Beyond the Glory he said: "My intention was to fight Durán ASAP because I knew Durán's habits. I knew he would indulge himself, he'd gain 40–50 lbs and then sweat it off to make 147." Unlike the fight in Montreal, Leonard used his superior speed and movement to outbox and befuddle Durán. "The whole fight, I was moving, I was moving", Leonard said. "And Voom! I snapped his head back with a jab. Voom! I snapped it back again. He tried to get me against the ropes, I'd pivot, spin off and Pow! Come under with a punch."
In round seven, Leonard started to taunt Durán. Leonard's most memorable punch came late in the round. Winding up his right hand, as if to throw a bolo punch, Leonard snapped out a left jab and caught Durán flush in the face. "It made his eyes water", Leonard said. He continued to taunt Durán mercilessly. He stuck out his chin, inviting Durán to hit it. Durán hesitated. Leonard kept it up, continuing to move, stop, and mug.
In the closing seconds of the eighth round, Durán turned his back to Leonard and quit, saying to referee Octavio Meyran, "No Mas." Leonard was the winner by a technical knockout at 2:44 of round eight, regaining the WBC Welterweight Championship. Leonard led by scores of 68–66, 68–66 and 67–66.[35]
Durán said he quit because of stomach cramps, caused by overeating after the weigh-in. "At the end of the fifth round, I got cramps in my stomach and it kept getting worse and worse", Duran later said. "I felt weaker and weaker in my body and arms." He then announced, "I am retiring from boxing right now." During the night Durán was admitted to a hospital with stomach pains, and discharged the following day.
Everyone was surprised by Durán's actions, none more so than his veteran trainers, Freddie Brown and Ray Arcel. "I was shocked", Brown said. "There was no indication that he was in pain or getting weak."[36] Arcel was angry. "That's it", he said. "I've had it. This is terrible. I've handled thousands of fighters and never had anyone quit on me. I think he needs a psychiatrist more than he needs anything else." Durán's manager, Carlos Eleta, said, "Durán didn't quit because of stomach cramps. He quit because he was embarrassed. I know this."[37] According to Randy Gordon, who witnessed Durán's antics beforehand and was in his dressing room immediately afterwards, Durán quit because of his huge eating binge prior to the fight.[38]
"I made him quit", Leonard said. "To make a man quit, to make Roberto Durán quit, was better than knocking him out."[39]
Second world title[edit]
Leonard vs. Bonds[edit]
On March 28, 1981, Leonard defended his title against Larry Bonds, the WBC sixth-ranked contender, at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse, New York. Bonds was a southpaw, which made him a good opponent for Leonard, given that his next opponent was scheduled to be the WBA Light Middleweight Champion Ayub Kalule, a southpaw.
Leonard was the aggressor throughout, with Bonds circling the ring. He staggered Bonds with a right in the fourth round and dropped him with a follow-up combination. Bonds got up and continued to move, with Leonard in pursuit. Leonard dropped him again in the tenth. Bonds rose but Leonard didn't let him off the hook. The referee stopped the fight with Bonds taking punishment in a corner.[40]
Leonard vs. Kalule[edit]
Leonard moved up to the junior middleweight division and faced Kalule on June 25, 1981 at the Astrodome in Houston, Texas. Kalule, who was 36–0, had been the WBA Light Middleweight Champion for two years.
Kalule and his handlers had expected Leonard to use lateral movement against him, but Leonard took the fight to Kalule. After eight tough rounds, Leonard was ahead although Kalule appeared to be coming on strong in the eight and ninth. Leonard finally hurt him with a right to the head. Shortly afterward, Leonard dropped him with a flurry of punches. Kalule got up but the referee waved it off. Leonard celebrated his victory with a full 360-degree, no-hands flip.[41] Despite an official stoppage time of 2.59, the fight was actually stopped at 3.06 into the round, meaning Kalule should have been saved by the bell.[42]
The Showdown[edit]
Main article: Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Thomas Hearns
Promoted as "The Showdown", Leonard fought Thomas Hearns on September 16, 1981 at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas to unify the World Welterweight Championship in a scheduled fifteen-rounder. They fought before a live crowd of 23,618. Hearns was paid $5.1 million, and Leonard made over $11 million. The fight grossed over $35 million. The live gate was $5.9 million, and the revenue from pay-per-view was $7.5 million.
Hearns, 32–0 with 30 knockouts, won the WBA Welterweight Championship in 1980, scoring a second-round knockout of José "Pipino" Cuevas in Detroit, Michigan. He made three successful title defenses, stopping Luis Primera, Randy Shields, and Pablo Baez.
The fight began as expected, Leonard boxing from a distance and Hearns stalking. Leonard had difficulty with Hearns' long reach and sharp jab. By the end of round five, Leonard had a growing swelling under his left eye, and Hearns had built a considerable lead on the scorecards. Leonard, becoming more aggressive, hurt Hearns in the sixth with a left hook to the chin. Leonard battered Hearns in rounds six and seven, but Hearns regrouped. Hearns started to stick and move, and he started to pile up points again. The roles reversed: Leonard became the stalker and Hearns became the boxer. The fight billed as a classic showdown between a powerful knockout artist and the best boxer/puncher the welterweight division had seen in decades devolved into a tactical and boring fight.
Hearns won rounds nine through twelve on all three scorecards. Between rounds twelve and thirteen, Angelo Dundee told Leonard, "You're blowing it, son! You're blowing it!".
Leonard, with a badly swollen left eye, came out roaring for the thirteenth round. After hurting Hearns with a right, Leonard exploded with a combination of punches. Hearns' legs were clearly gone and after more pressure from Leonard he was bundled through the ropes, no knockdown was given as it wasn't a punch that sent him there. Hearns managed to rise, but was dropped by a flurry of hard punches near the end of the round.
In round fourteen, after staggering Hearns with an overhand right, Leonard pinned Hearns against the ropes, where he unleashed another furious combination, prompting referee Davey Pearl to stop the contest and award Sugar Ray Leonard the Unified World Welterweight Championship. Hearns was leading by scores of 124–122, 125–122, and 125–121.
After the fight, there was controversy due to the scoring of rounds six and seven. Even though Leonard dominated, hurting Hearns and battering him, all three judges gave both rounds to Leonard by a 10–9 margin. Many felt that the ten-point must scoring system was not properly used and those rounds should have been scored 10–8.[43] Some also considered the stoppage premature. Veteran ringside commentator Don Dunphy said "They're stopping the fight. I don't believe it. Hearns was ahead on points." However, Emanuel Steward, Hearns' manager and trainer, said, "I felt that the referee was justified in stopping the fight ... Tommy did not have enough energy to make it through the fight."[44]
The fight was named "Fight of the Year" by The Ring.
Leonard was named "Fighter of the Year" by The Ring and The Boxing Writers Association of America. He was also named "Athlete of the Year" by ABC's Wide World of Sports and "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.[45]
Retirement and return[edit]
On February 15, 1982, Leonard defended the unified title against Bruce Finch, the WBC fourth-ranked contender. Leonard knocked him out in the third round.[46] Leonard's next fight was scheduled to be against Roger Stafford on May 14, 1982, in Buffalo, New York. While training, Leonard started to see floaters. He went to a doctor and discovered that he had a detached retina. The fight was cancelled, and Leonard had surgery to repair the retina on May 9, 1982.[47]
On November 9, 1982, Leonard invited Marvin Hagler and other boxing dignitaries to a charity event in Baltimore, Maryland to hear him announce whether he would continue his career. Standing in a boxing ring with Howard Cosell, the master of ceremonies, Leonard announced his retirement, saying a bout with Hagler would unfortunately never happen. Leonard maintained his eye was fully healed, but that he just didn't want to box anymore.[48]
Missing the limelight and the competition, Leonard announced in December 1983 that he was returning to the ring. Leonard boasted that he would have a couple of ten-round bouts and then take on Milton McCrory, Donald Curry, Durán, Hearns and finally Hagler. This decision was met with a torrent of criticism from fans and the media, who felt Leonard was taking unnecessary risks with his surgically repaired eye.[49]
A bout with Philadelphia's Kevin Howard, who was 20–4–1, was scheduled for February 25, 1984. The fight was postponed when Leonard had minor surgery on his right eye to fix a loose retina. This latest eye problem further fueled the flames of those who opposed Leonard's comeback.[50]
Before the fight with Howard, Dave Jacobs rejoined Leonard's team in a limited role. Jacobs had quit in 1980, disagreeing with Leonard's decision to have an immediate rematch with Durán.[51]
Leonard and Howard fought on May 11, 1984, in Worcester, Massachusetts. Howard knocked Leonard flat on his back in the fourth round. It was the first knockdown of Leonard's professional career. Leonard came back to stop Howard in the ninth round, but the stoppage was disputed, with some feeling that the referee stopped the fight prematurely. Leonard was ahead on all three scorecards at the time of the stoppage. At the post-fight press conference, Leonard surprised everyone by announcing his retirement again, saying he just didn't have it anymore.[52]
The Super Fight[edit]
On March 10, 1986, Marvin Hagler knocked out John Mugabi in eleven rounds to retain the Undisputed World Middleweight Championship for the twelfth time and advance his record to 62–2–2. "I was ringside", Leonard said. "I'm watching John 'The Beast' Mugabi fight Hagler. Of all people, John 'The Beast' Mugabi." It was then that Leonard decided to come back and fight Hagler. He called Mike Trainer and said, "I can beat Hagler".
On May 1, 1986, Leonard announced on a Washington, D.C. talk show that he would return to the ring to fight Hagler. The announcement generated a lot of controversy because of Leonard's inactivity and eye injuries, yet it also excited many sports fans who had hoped to see them fight years earlier. Hagler took a few months to decide, then agreed to the match.[53]
The fight, promoted as "The Super Fight" and "The King of the Ring", was scheduled for April 6, 1987, at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. Leonard was guaranteed $11 million, and Hagler was guaranteed $12 million. Hagler was a heavy favorite. The odds started at 4–1, then settled at 3–1. A paying crowd 12,379 generated a live gate of $6.2 million. According to Bob Arum, the fight grossed $78 million which would equates to $170m in 2016.
The original fight plan for Leonard was to go toe-to-toe with Hagler and try to cut him, but the plan changed about five days before the fight. Leonard got hit by sparring partner Quincy Taylor and was badly buckled. "He almost knocked me out", Leonard said. After that, Leonard decided to box Hagler.[54]
Many were surprised that Hagler, a natural southpaw, opened the fight boxing out of an orthodox stance. After the quick and slick Leonard won the first two rounds on all three scorecards, Hagler started the third round as a southpaw. Hagler did better, but Leonard's superior speed and boxing skill still allowed him to control the fight. Hagler looked stiff and mechanical and missed the speedy Leonard time and again prompting ringside commentator for the NBC network re-broadcast Gil Clancy to remark "...and is he ever missing...Leonard isn't doing anything to make him miss, he's just missing!"
By the fifth, Leonard, who was moving a lot, began to tire and Hagler started to get closer. Hagler buckled Leonard's knees with a right uppercut near the end of the round, which finished with Leonard on the ropes. Hagler continued to score somewhat effectively in round six. Leonard, having slowed down, was obliged to fight more and move less. However, he was able to outpunch Hagler along the ropes and got the better of several bristling exchanges. Hagler never seized total control of the fight as he had against Thomas Hearns two years earlier, when he brutalized Hearns and scored a third-round knockout. Hagler's punches lacked snap and, although he was scoring solidly to the body, he looked nothing like the powerful fighter who had dominated the middleweight division for the previous five years. Leonard's observation that the Hagler who beat John Mugabi was older and slower proved to be spot on. In rounds seven and eight, Hagler's southpaw jab was landing solidly and Leonard's counter flurries were less frequent.
Round nine was the most exciting round of the fight. Hagler hurt Leonard with a left cross and pinned him in a corner. Leonard looked to be in trouble, but he furiously fought his way out of the corner. The action see-sawed back and forth for the rest of the round, with each man having his moments. However, Hagler's moments were more spectacular and one of Hagler's cornermen: Roger Perron (in an interview that took place on an episode of HBO's Legendary Nights episode segments in 2003) later stated that: "the ninth round was probably Marvin (Hagler)'s, best round".
Round ten was tame by comparison, as the pace slowed after the furious action of the previous round but with Hagler having more spectacular moments. Despite Leonard's obvious fatigue, he boxed well in the eleventh. Every time Hagler scored, Leonard came back with something flashier and more eye-catching, if not as effective. But at that point in the fight, Hagler appeared to be slightly more ring-general and clearly more aggressive. Between rounds eleven and twelve, Leonard's trainer: Angelo Dundee, implored Sugar Ray to get up off his stool yelling "We got three minutes...new champ...new champ!" Leonard yelled "Yeah!" and played to the screaming crowd. Hagler's corner was much more reserved prompting Clancy to comment: "They're talking to him like it's an IBM meeting or something...no emotion." In the final round, Hagler continued to chase Leonard. He hit Leonard with a big left hand and backed him into a corner. Leonard responded with a furious flurry, landing few punches but whipping the upset-hoping crowd into a frenzy. Hagler backed off, and Leonard danced away with Hagler in pursuit. The fight ended with Hagler and Leonard exchanging along the ropes. At the final bell, even uniformed ringside security rushed into the ring applauding and lauding Leonard's effort.[55]
Leonard threw 629 punches and landed 306, while Hagler threw 792 and landed 291.[56]
Leonard was awarded a controversial split-decision. Judge Dave Moretti scored it 115–113 for Leonard, while judge Lou Filippo had it 115–113 for Hagler. Judge José Guerra scored the fight 118–110 for Leonard. Many felt that Hagler deserved the decision because he was the aggressor and landed the harder punches. Scottish boxing journalist Hugh McIlvanney wrote that Leonard's plan was to "steal rounds with a few flashy and carefully timed flurries....he was happy to exaggerate hand speed at the expense of power, and neither he nor two of the scorers seemed bothered by the fact that many of the punches landed on the champion's gloves and arms."[57]
Many others felt that Leonard deservedly got the decision, arguing that Leonard landed more punches and showed better defense and ring generalship. Jim Murray, long-time sports columnist for the Los Angeles Times, wrote, "It wasn't even close...He didn't just outpoint Hagler, he exposed him. He made him look like a guy chasing a bus. In snowshoes.... Leonard repeatedly beat Hagler to the punch. When he did, he hit harder. He hit more often.... He made Hagler into what he perceived him to be throughout his career—a brawler, a swarmer, a man who could club you to death only if you stood there and let him. If you moved, he was lost."[58]
The fight was named "Fight of the Year" and "Upset of the Year" by The Ring.
Despite requests from the Hagler camp, Leonard was uninterested in a rematch and retired on May 27, 1987. "I'll try, I'll give it a shot", Leonard said of his latest retirement. "But you guys know me."[59] A month after Hagler's formal retirement in June 1988 Leonard would announce another comeback.
Another comeback[edit]
Leonard v Lalonde[edit]
On November 7, 1988, Leonard made another comeback, facing Don Lalonde at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas. They fought for Lalonde's WBC Light Heavyweight Championship and the newly created WBC Super Middleweight Championship, which meant that Lalonde had to make 168 lbs. Many were critical of Leonard for stipulating that his opponent—a natural 175 pounder—should weigh less than his usual fighting weight, which could possibly weaken him. However, Lalonde later told HBO's Larry Merchant that he didn't have any trouble making weight.[60]
Lalonde, 31–2 with 26 knockouts, was guaranteed at least $6 million and Leonard was guaranteed over $10 million.
This would be Leonard's first professional fight without Angelo Dundee. For Leonard's fight with Hagler, Dundee worked without a contract and received $175,000, which was less than 2% of Leonard's purse. Dundee was unhappy with that amount. He requested a contract for the Lalonde fight and Leonard refused. "I don't have contracts. My word is my bond", Leonard said. Janks Morton and Dave Jacobs trained Leonard for the Lalonde fight.[61][62]
Lalonde's size and awkwardness troubled Leonard. In the fourth round, a right hand to the top of Leonard's head dropped him for just the second time in his career. Early in the ninth, Lalonde hurt Leonard with a right to the chin. Leonard fired back and hurt Lalonde with a right. He drove him to the ropes and unleashed a furious assault. Lalonde tried to tie up Leonard, but got dropped with a powerful left hook. He rose but was soon down again, and the fight was stopped. Judges Chuck Giampa and Franz Marti had Leonard ahead by scores of 77–74 and 77–75, respectively. Judge Stuart Kirshenbaum had Lalonde ahead 76–75.[63]
After the fight, Leonard vacated the light heavyweight title, but kept the super middleweight title. Also, Leonard and Janks Morton split because of personal differences. Morton was replaced as co-trainer by Pepe Correa, who had worked with Leonard for most of the previous fifteen years.[64]
Leonard v Hearns[edit]
On June 12, 1989, Leonard defended the WBC Super Middleweight Championship in a rematch with Thomas Hearns at Caesar's Palace. It was promoted as "The War." Hearns was guaranteed $11 million and Leonard was guaranteed $14 million.
Hearns dropped Leonard with a right cross in the third round, but Leonard came back and battered Hearns around the ring in the fifth. Early in the seventh round, Hearns hurt Leonard but punched himself out going for the knockout. With Hearns fatigued, Leonard came back and had a strong finish to the round. Rounds nine and ten were good rounds for Leonard, but he ran into trouble in the eleventh round. Three booming rights from Hearns sent Leonard down for the second time in the fight. Knowing he needed a big finish, Leonard fought furiously and had a big final round.
The judges scored the fight a draw and Leonard retained the title. Judge Jerry Roth scored the fight 113–112 for Hearns, Judge Tom Kazmarek scored it 113–112 for Leonard, and Judge Dalby Shirley scored it 112–112. Shirley was the only judge to give Leonard a 10–8 margin in the twelfth. If he had scored it 10–9, as his two colleagues did, Hearns would have won by a split decision. The decision was soundly booed, as most felt that Hearns had won.[65] Eventually, Leonard admitted that Hearns deserved the decision.
Leonard v Duran[edit]
On December 7, 1989, Leonard defended the title against Roberto Durán, who was the reigning WBC Middleweight Champion. Durán was guaranteed $7.6 million and Leonard's arrangement guaranteed him over $13 million.[66]
For the Durán fight, Leonard cut his entourage from twenty-one to six. Dave Jacobs was one of the people let go, leaving Correa as the sole trainer. Correa was instructed not to spare the whip. "For the first time in a long time, I allowed someone to push me", Leonard said.
The fight took place at the new Mirage Hotel in Las Vegas. Leonard used constant lateral movement and won by a lopsided twelve-round unanimous decision over a listless Durán. The scores were 120–110, 119–109, and 116–111. In a fight that many considered to be very boring, both fighters were booed often by the fans and many left the arena before the decision was announced. Pat Putnam of Sports Illustrated wrote, "Leonard gave them artistic perfection when they wanted heated battle, and they booed lustily. Most fight fans would not spend a dime to watch Van Gogh paint Sunflowers, but they would fill Yankee Stadium to see him cut off his ear."[67] Although Leonard dominated the fight, he suffered several cuts. His lower lip was cut from a headbutt in the fourth round, his left eye was cut in the eleventh round, and his right eye was cut in the twelfth round. The cuts required a total of sixty stitches.[68]
In January 1990, Leonard relinquished the WBC Super Middleweight Championship, saying that he was unsure whether he would fight again.[69] When Leonard decided to continue his career, he offered Hagler a rematch, but Hagler decided to stay retired.[70] He then offered Hearns a third fight, but Hearns said he could no longer make the weight and moved up to the light heavyweight division.[71]
Leonard v Norris[edit]
On February 9, 1991, Leonard went down to 154 lbs and fought WBC Light Middleweight Champion Terry Norris at Madison Square Garden. Leonard entered the bout as a 3-1 favorite but Norris dominated the fight, giving Leonard a heavy beating. He knocked Leonard down with a left hook in the second round, and in the seventh, he dropped Leonard again with a short right. Leonard had no answer for the skillful, younger, faster man. Leonard went the distance but lost by a lopsided decision. The scores were 120–104, 119–103, and 116–110. After the verdict was announced, Leonard announced his retirement. "It took this fight to show me it is no longer my time", Leonard said. "Tonight was my last fight. I know how Hagler felt now."[72]
The last comeback[edit]
In October 1996, the 40-year-old Leonard announced that he was coming out of retirement to fight 34-year-old Héctor Camacho for the lightly regarded International Boxing Council (IBC) Middleweight Championship. Camacho, a light-hitting southpaw, was a three-time world champion with a record of 62–3–1. However, Camacho was also considered to be past his prime. Leonard decided to fight Camacho after commentating on his fight with the 45-year-old Roberto Durán the previous year. Camacho won by a disputed unanimous decision, which Leonard called "an early Christmas gift".
Leonard blamed his poor performance against Norris on lack of motivation, a rib injury, moving down in weight, and divorce, which was being litigated while he was in training. "It was stupid for me to fight Norris at 154 lbs", Leonard said. "This is different. I'm in the best shape possible."[73]
For the Camacho fight, Leonard had a new trainer, Adrian Davis. "He's a great trainer, a throwback", Leonard said. "He has really helped me get ready."[74]
In January 1997, it was announced that Leonard had been voted into the International Boxing Hall Of Fame in Canastota, New York. The rules state that a boxer must be retired for five years before being eligible for induction. When the vote took place, Leonard had been retired for more than five years, therefore, he was eligible, even though he had a fight scheduled. The induction ceremony was on June 15, 1997.[75]
The fight with Camacho took place on March 1, 1997, in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Camacho applied pressure from the opening bell and started to score well in the third. He continued to score well in the fourth and opened a cut above Leonard's right eye. In the fifth, Camacho dropped Leonard with a right followed by two left uppercuts. Leonard got up, but was unable to ward off Camacho. The referee stopped the fight with Camacho teeing off on a defenseless Leonard on the ropes. It was the only time in Leonard's career that he was knocked out.
Afterward, Leonard retired again, saying, "For sure, my career is definitely over for me in the ring." However, less than a week after the fight, Leonard said he planned to fight again. He blamed his loss on a torn right calf muscle. His doctor suggested that he cancel the fight, but Leonard wanted to go through with it. Before the fight, he was given a shot of novocaine.[76]
Leonard said he planned to have a series of tuneup fights before fighting a champion.[77] He was scheduled to fight Tony Menefee on February 15, 1998, in Australia, but he pulled out of the fight, saying that he didn't have the motivation. The Camacho fight was Leonard's last. He finished his career with a record of 36–3–1 with 25 knockouts.[78]
Professional boxing record[edit]


Professional record summary



40 fights
36 wins
3 losses


By knockout
25
1


By decision
11
2


Draws
1




No.
Result
Record
Opponent
Type
Round, time
Date
Location
Notes


40
Loss
36–3–1
 Héctor Camacho
TKO
5 (12), 1:08
Mar 1, 1997
 Convention Hall, Atlantic City, New Jersey, U.S.
For IBC middleweight title


39
Loss
36–2–1
 Terry Norris
UD
12
Feb 9, 1991
 Madison Square Garden, New York City, New York, U.S.
For WBC light middleweight title


38
Win
36–1–1
 Roberto Durán
UD
12
Dec 7, 1989
 The Mirage, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC super middleweight title


37
Draw
35–1–1
 Thomas Hearns
SD
12
Jun 12, 1989
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC super middleweight title;
For WBO super middleweight title


36
Win
35–1
 Donny Lalonde
TKO
9 (12), 2:30
Nov 7, 1988
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC light heavyweight and vacant WBC super middleweight titles


35
Win
34–1
 Marvin Hagler
SD
12
Apr 6, 1987
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal middleweight titles


34
Win
33–1
 Kevin Howard
TKO
9 (10), 2:27
May 11, 1984
 Centrum, Worcester, Massachusetts, U.S.



33
Win
32–1
 Bruce Finch
TKO
3 (15), 1:50
Feb 15, 1982
 Centennial Coliseum, Reno, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBA, WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


32
Win
31–1
 Thomas Hearns
TKO
14 (15), 1:45
Sep 16, 1981
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles;
Won WBA welterweight title


31
Win
30–1
 Ayub Kalule
TKO
9 (15), 3:06
Jun 25, 1981
 Astrodome, Houston, Texas, U.S.
Won WBA, The Ring, and lineal light middleweight titles


30
Win
29–1
 Larry Bonds
TKO
10 (15), 2:22
Mar 28, 1981
 Carrier Dome, Syracuse, New York, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


29
Win
28–1
 Roberto Durán
RTD
8 (15), 2:44
Nov 25, 1980
 Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


28
Loss
27–1
 Roberto Durán
UD
15
Jun 20, 1980
 Olympic Stadium, Montreal, Quebec, Canada
Lost WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


27
Win
27–0
 Dave Boy Green
KO
4 (15), 2:27
Mar 31, 1980
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


26
Win
26–0
 Wilfred Benítez
TKO
15 (15), 2:54
Nov 30, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


25
Win
25–0
 Andy Price
KO
1 (12), 2:52
Sep 28, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained NABF welterweight title


24
Win
24–0
 Pete Ranzany
TKO
4 (12), 2:41
Aug 12, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won NABF welterweight title


23
Win
23–0
 Tony Chiaverini
RTD
4 (10)
Jun 24, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



22
Win
22–0
 Marcos Geraldo
UD
10
May 20, 1979
 Riverside Centroplex, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, U.S.



21
Win
21–0
 Adolfo Viruet
UD
10
Apr 21, 1979
 Dunes, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



20
Win
20–0
 Daniel Aldo Gonzalez
TKO
1 (10), 2:03
Mar 24, 1979
 Community Center, Tucson, Arizona, U.S.



19
Win
19–0
 Fernand Marcotte
TKO
8 (10), 2:33
Feb 11, 1979
 Convention Center, Miami Beach, Florida, U.S.



18
Win
18–0
 Johnny Gant
TKO
8 (12), 2:57
Jan 11, 1979
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.



17
Win
17–0
 Armando Muniz
RTD
6 (10), 3:00
Dec 9, 1978
 Civic Center, Springfield, Massachusetts, U.S.



16
Win
16–0
 Bernardo Prada
UD
10
Nov 3, 1978
 Cumberland County Civic Center, Portland, Maine, U.S.



15
Win
15–0
 Randy Shields
UD
10
Oct 6, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



14
Win
14–0
 Floyd Mayweather Sr.
TKO
10 (10), 2:16
Sep 9, 1978
 Civic Center, Providence, Rhode Island, U.S.



13
Win
13–0
 Dicky Eklund
UD
10
Jul 18, 1978
 John B. Hynes Memorial Auditorium, Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.



12
Win
12–0
 Rafael Rodriguez
UD
10
Jun 3, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



11
Win
11–0
 Randy Milton
TKO
8 (10), 2:55
May 13, 1978
 Memorial Auditorium, Utica, New York, U.S.



10
Win
10–0
 Bobby Haymon
RTD
3 (10)
Apr 13, 1978
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.



9
Win
9–0
 Javier Muniz
KO
1 (8), 2:45
Mar 19, 1978
 Veterans Memorial Coliseum, New Haven, Connecticut, U.S.



8
Win
8–0
 Art McKnight
TKO
7 (8), 1:52
Mar 1, 1978
 Hara Arena, Dayton, Ohio, U.S.



7
Win
7–0
 Rocky Ramon
UD
8
Feb 4, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



6
Win
6–0
 Hector Diaz
KO
2 (8), 2:20
Dec 17, 1977
 D.C. Armory, Washington, D.C., U.S.



5
Win
5–0
 Augustin Estrada
KO
6 (8), 1:54
Nov 5, 1977
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



4
Win
4–0
 Frank Santore
KO
5 (8), 2:55
Sep 24, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



3
Win
3–0
 Vinnie DeBarros
TKO
3 (6), 1:59
Jun 10, 1977
 Civic Center, Hartford, Connecticut, U.S.



2
Win
2–0
 Willie Rodriguez
UD
6
May 14, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



1
Win
1–0
 Luis Vega
UD
6
Feb 5, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.
Professional debut


Media appearances[edit]




Leonard signs autographs at a Tristar Productions sports collectors show in Houston in January 2014.


Leonard has worked as a boxing analyst for ABC, CBS, NBC, ESPN, HBO and EPIX. His relationship with HBO lasted for more than a decade. It ended in 1990, after HBO was not offered an opportunity to bid on the telecast rights to Leonard's fight with Terry Norris. HBO believed it would be inappropriate for Leonard to continue with them if they couldn't bid on his fights. Leonard's attorney, Mike Trainer, said, "There never has been a linkage between his broadcasting and his fighting."[79]
Leonard has provided commercial endorsements for companies including Coca-Cola, EA Sports, Ford, Nabisco, Revlon and 7 Up. His most famous commercial was a 7 Up ad he did with his son, Ray Jr., Roberto Durán and Durán's son Roberto Jr. in the early 1980s.[80][81] Leonard is among the most sought-after motivational/inspirational speakers in the world today. His speech, entitled "Power" (Prepare, Overcome and Win Every Round), is consistently booked with major Fortune 500 companies throughout the United States and abroad.[82]
Leonard has also worked as an actor. He has appeared in numerous television shows, including Half & Half, L.A. Heat, Married... with Children, Renegade and Tales From The Crypt. He has also appeared in several movies, including I Spy and most recently The Fighter (2010), starring Christian Bale and Mark Wahlberg. This movie brought back memories of his fight with Dicky Eklund. He also worked as an adviser in the 2011 robot boxing film Real Steel. Leonard served as host and mentor to the aspiring fighters on The Contender. Sylvester Stallone, who co-hosted during the first season, was one of the executive producers, along with Mark Burnett. When Leonard left the show, he was replaced as host by Tony Danza for the final season.[83]
In 2001, Leonard launched Sugar Ray Leonard Boxing Inc., a boxing promotional company, and announced the company's strategic partnership with ESPN. Together, Leonard and ESPN would produce and promote "Sugar Ray Leonard and ESPN II Presents Friday Night Fights", which would air the first Friday of every month for twelve months.[84] Leonard's boxing promotional company was dissolved in 2004. He had a falling out with partner Bjorn Rebney, whom he called "a cancer in my company."[85] Speaking of his promotional company, Leonard said, "We did some great shows with evenly matched fights. I took great pride in it. But the TV show came about and made my decision a lot easier. I already had it in the back of my mind to dissolve the company. The working environment was not healthy."[86]
Leonard competed on season 12 of Dancing with the Stars, which premiered on Monday, March 21, 2011, on ABC. His partner was Anna Trebunskaya. He was voted off in Week 4 of the show.[87][88] During his appearance on The Colbert Report in 2011, Leonard was defeated by host Stephen Colbert in a thumb wrestling contest.[89] He appeared as a guest at the chef's table, along with Tito Ortiz, during the tenth season of Hell's Kitchen. He is the celebrity spokesperson for the Atlanta law firm John Foy and Associates, PC.
Leonard was also the subject of a Seinfeld episode (season 6, episode 22) where George tries to flatter his boss by saying he looks like Sugar Ray Leonard. The real Leonard (a Seinfeld fan) mentioned that he was told about the episode by friends and family, but had never seen it for himself until a friend gave him the DVD set for a gift.
Personal life[edit]
Family[edit]
Leonard married his high school sweetheart, Juanita Wilkinson, in January 1980. Their six-year-old son, Ray Jr., served as the ring bearer.[90] In 1984, they had another son, Jarrell.[91]
They were divorced in 1990. During divorce proceedings, Juanita Leonard testified that her husband physically abused her while under the influence of alcohol. She also said he was an occasional cocaine user. In his testimony, Leonard confirmed his wife's claims and went on to reveal that the problems of their marriage were not due to drug and alcohol use.[92]
After the Los Angeles Times broke the story, Leonard held a press conference and publicly acknowledged that the accusations were true. He said he started using after he retired in 1982, following surgery to repair a detached retina. "I wanted more", Leonard said. "I wanted that arena. I didn't want anyone to tell me my career had to end."
"I decided to search for a substitute...I resorted to cocaine. I used when I felt bad, I used when I missed competing at that level", he said. "It was a crutch, something that enabled me to forget."
He said he quit using drugs in early 1986, when he woke up one morning and "what I saw in the mirror was scary."
"I can never erase the pain or the scars I have made through my stupidity, my selfishness", Leonard said. "All I can do is say I'm sorry, but that is not enough."[93]
In 2011, Sugar Ray revealed in an NPR broadcast that he had been free of alcohol since July 2006.
In 1989, Leonard was introduced to Bernadette Robi by Kenny G at a Luther Vandross concert. Robi is the daughter of Paul Robi, one of the original Platters and she is the ex-wife of Lynn Swann.
Leonard and Robi were married at Leonard's $8.7 million estate in Pacific Palisades, California in August 1993. At the wedding ceremony, the grounds were converted into a garden with 10,000 roses and blossoms of other flowers flown in from the Netherlands.[94]
Leonard is also the godfather of Khloé Kardashian and has appeared on many episodes of Keeping Up With The Kardashians.
Charity work[edit]
For many years, Leonard has been the International Chairman of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation's Walk for a Cure and is actively involved in raising both awareness and funds.
Leonard testified before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs in 2009. The Senate hearing was titled "Type 1 Diabetes Research: Real Progress and Real Hope for a Cure." He testified about the burden of diabetes and the need for continued research funding to find a cure.[95]
Leonard and his wife, Bernadette, founded the Sugar Ray Leonard Foundation to support the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and its annual Walk for a Cure. In 2009, the foundation expanded to support programs that help people rebuild their communities in ten cities across the United States. It supports accessible housing, healthcare services, and educational services and job training.
In 2007 he was awarded The Ambassador Award of Excellence by the LA Sports & Entertainment Commission at the Riviera Country Club for his continued community involvement.[96]
Molestation[edit]
In his autobiography The Big Fight: My Life in and out of the Ring, published in June 2011, Leonard reveals that as a young boxer he was the victim of sexual abuse from an Olympic trainer as well as another man, a benefactor.[97] He has since made public appearances to bring attention to the issue of child sex abuse, declaring himself a "poster child" for the cause and encouraging victims to report their abuse.[98]
See also[edit]

List of lineal boxing world champions
List of welterweight boxing champions
List of light middleweight boxing champions
List of middleweight boxing champions
List of undisputed boxing champions
List of WBA world champions
List of WBC world champions
List of WBO world champions
List of The Ring world champions
List of boxing quintuple champions
Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Roberto Durán II
Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Thomas Hearns

References[edit]


^ a b c d "Sugar Ray Leonard". sports-reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Retrieved 5 September 2014. 
^ "The Lineal Boxing World Champions". Cyber Boxing Zone. 
^ http://www.skysports.com/boxing/news/12066/9949701/our-fives-favorite-five
^ http://rossboxing.com/2015/01/21/fabulous-four-hagler-hearns-duran-leonard/
^ "Sugar Ray was ring artist". Sports.espn.go.com. 2006-07-11. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "ESPN 50 Greatest Boxers of All Time". Sports.espn.go.com. 1994-11-05. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Mark Grossinger Etess Award". Boxrec.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 5, The Big Fight: My Life In and Out of the Ring by Sugar Ray Leonard ISBN 0452298040
^ Nack, William (26 November 1979). "Sugar Sure Is Sweet". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 17 July 2011. 
^ see page 1, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette June 17, 1980". News.google.com. 1980-06-17. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 7 & 8, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Edited by Gay Flood (1979-12-10). "Sports Illustrated December 10, 1979". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Iole, Kevin (2008-08-20). "One USA Boxing team stands above the rest by Kevin Iole". Sports.yahoo.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 42 & 43, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Pat Putnam (1976-08-09). "Sports Illustrated August 9, 1976". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard". Cyber Boxing Zone. 1956-05-17. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 33, 34 & 43 Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Sarasota Herald-Tribune August 6, 1976". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 63, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ see pages 65–68, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Pat Putnam (1977-02-14). "Sports Illustrated, February 14, 1977". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 75, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ see page 93, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Lewiston Evening Journal, October 7, 1978". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Soured Floyd". The Evening Independent. 
^ "The Spokesman-Review, August 13, 1979". News.google.com. 1979-08-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Star-News, September 29, 1979". News.google.com. 1979-09-29. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ William Nack (1979-12-10). "Sports Illustrated, December 12, 1979". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sarasota Herald Tribune, April 2, 1980". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ a b William Nack (1980-06-30). "Sports Illustrated". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard regains welterweight title". Daytona Beach Morning Journal. 1980-06-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ "The 'Noblest Savage' won the fight". The Dispatch. 1980-06-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ The Spokesman-Review September 11, 1980
^ William Nack (1980-12-08). "Sports Illustrated, December 8, 1980". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "How Sweet It Is!". Ocala Star-Banner. 1980-11-26. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ Roberto Duran Speaks: The Untold Story Is Finally Revealed!, Bill Brubaker, New York Daily News, 1981
^ "No Mas: My Version". Thesweetscience.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ William Nack (1980-12-08). "Sports Illustrated, December 8, 1980". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-04-06). "Sports Illustrated, April 6, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-07-06). "Sports Illustrated, July 6, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Ayub Kalule vs. Sugar Ray Leonard – Boxrec Boxing Encyclopaedia". Boxrec.com. Retrieved 2012-06-21. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-09-28). "Sports Illustrated, September 28, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ [1] Showtime, "The 12 Greatest Rounds of Boxing: The Untold Stories"
^ "Herald-Journal, January 16, 1982". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1982-03-01). "Sports Illustrated, March 1, 1982". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1982-05-24). "Sports Illustrated, May 24, 1982". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Fort Scott Tribune, November 10, 1982". News.google.com. 1982-11-10. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Times-News, December 12, 1983". News.google.com. 1983-12-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sarasota Herald-Tribune, February 15, 1984". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Miami News, May 10, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-05-10. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Courier, May 13, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-05-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "After A Year's Prefight, Bell Tolls For These". Articles.sun-sentinel.com. 1987-04-05. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Leonard's memories the stuff of legends". Sports.espn.go.com. 2007-03-06. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Sugar Ray...Still In Style, Nigel Collins, The Ring August 1987
^ Berkow, Ira (1987-04-09). "New York Times, April 9, 1987". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Hugh McIlvanney (1987-04-20). "Sports Illustrated, April 20, 1987". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Exposed Him, Jim Murray, 1987". News.google.com. 1987-04-08. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Anderson, Dave (1987-05-28). "New York Times, May 28, 1987". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ [2] HBO "Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Donny Lalonde"
^ "New Sunday Times, October 21, 1988". News.google.com. 1988-10-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Anderson, Dave (1988-11-06). "The New York Times, November 6, 1988". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1988-11-08). "The New York Times, November 8, 1988". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Pittsburgh Press, June 9, 1989". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1989-06-19). "Sports Illustrated, June 19, 1989". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1989-07-27). "The New York Times, July 27, 1989". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1989-12-18). "Sports Illustrated, December 18, 1989". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ The Item December 9, 1989
^ "Gainesville Sun, January 19, 1990". News.google.com. 1990-01-19. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Rick Telander (1990-07-02). "Sports Illustrated, July 2, 1990". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1991-02-08). "New York Times, February 8, 1991". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1991-02-18). "Sports Illustrated, February 18, 1991". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Brown, Clifton (1997-02-26). "The New York Times, February 26, 1997". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Brown, Clifton (1997-02-27). "The New York Times, February 27, 1997". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Victoria Advocate, January 15, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-01-15. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Southern Missourian, March 3, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-03-03. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "New Straits Times, March 8, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-03-08. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Idaho Spokesman-Review, January 12, 1998". News.google.com. 1998-01-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Daily Press, October 16, 1990". Pqasb.pqarchiver.com. 1990-10-16. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Cavalier Daily, April 30, 1982". News.google.com. 1982-04-30. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Sugar Ray Leonard 7 Up commercial on YouTube
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard Biography about.com". Realitytv.about.com. 2011-05-26. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ The Contender on IMDb
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard Back in the Ring with ESPN Friday Night Fights". Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on 2012-07-09. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Rafael, Dan (2004-10-19). "Leonard's promotion business down for count". USA Today. 
^ Rafael, Dan (2004-10-19). "USA Today, October 19, 2004". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "People: Sugar Ray departs 'Dancing With the Stars' | Dallas-Fort Worth Celebrity News – Entertainment News for Dallas, Texas – The Dallas Morning News". Dallasnews.com. 2011-04-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "'I put up a good fight': Sugar Ray Leonard is voted off Dancing With The Stars | Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. 2011-04-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "November 03, 2011 - Nathan Wolfe - The Colbert Report - Full Episode Video | Comedy Central". Colbertnation.com. 2011-10-31. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Spokesman-Review, January 21, 1980". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Anchorage Daily News, June 15, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-06-15. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Messner, Michael; Solomon, William (June 1, 1993). "Outside the Frame: Newspaper Coverage of the Sugar Ray Leonard Wife Abuse Story.". Sociology of Sport Journal. 10 (2): 119–134. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Daily News. 1991-03-31 https://news.google.com/newspapers?id=2hAbAAAAIBAJ&sjid=FEgEAAAAIBAJ&pg=6730,6962641&dq=sugar+ray+leonard+juanita+divorce&hl=en. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Duran wanted "no mas" of Leonard". Espn.go.com. 2003-11-19. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard's Testimony before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs". Jdrf.org. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Galluzzo, Steve (May 15, 2007). "Pacific Palisades -- Palisades-Post". palisadespost.com. Pacific Palisades, California, USA: Pacific Palisades Post. Retrieved July 21, 2012. 
^ In Book, Sugar Ray Leonard Says Coach Sexually Abused Him
^ Iole, Kevin. Sugar Ray Leonard proves himself a beacon of strength in the fight against child sex abuse. Yahoo! Sports. October 29, 2012. Retrieved October 30, 2012.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Sugar Ray Leonard.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Sugar Ray Leonard



Official website
Professional boxing record for Sugar Ray Leonard from BoxRec
Sugar Ray Leonard's Amateur Boxing Record
Sugar Ray Leonard in-depth interview about alcohol, cocaine, and being a champion



Sporting positions


Amateur boxing titles


Previous:
James Busceme
U.S. Golden Gloves lightweight champion
1973
Next:
Curtis Harris


Previous:
Larry Bonds
U.S. Golden Gloves light welterweight champion
1974
Next:
Paul Sherry


Previous:
Randy Shields
U.S. light welterweight champion
1974, 1975
Next:
Milton Seward


Regional boxing titles


Preceded by
Pete Ranzany
NABF welterweight champion
August 12, 1979 – November 30, 1979
Won WBC title
Vacant
Title next held by
Randy Shields


World boxing titles


Preceded by
Wilfred Benítez
WBC welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980
Succeeded by
Roberto Durán


The Ring welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980


Lineal welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980


Preceded by
Roberto Durán
WBC welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Milton McCrory


The Ring welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Donald Curry


Lineal welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired


Preceded by
Ayub Kalule
WBA light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 1981
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Tadashi Mihara


The Ring light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 22, 1981
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Thomas Hearns


Lineal light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 22, 1981
Vacated


Preceded by
Thomas Hearns
WBA welterweight champion
September 16, 1981 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Donald Curry


Vacant
Title last held by
José Nápoles
Undisputed welterweight champion
September 16, 1981 – November 9, 1982
Retired


Preceded by
Marvin Hagler
WBC middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Thomas Hearns


The Ring middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Sumbu Kalambay


Lineal middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Michael Nunn


New title
WBC super middleweight champion
November 7, 1988 – August 27, 1990
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Mauro Galvano


Preceded by
Donny Lalonde
WBC light heavyweight champion
November 7, 1988 – November 17, 1988
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Dennis Andries


Awards


Previous:
Matthew Saad Muhammad vs. Yaqui López II
The Ring Fight of the Year
vs. Thomas Hearns
1981
Next:
Bobby Chacon vs. Rafael Limón IV


Previous:
U.S. Olympic Hockey Team
Wide World of Sports Athlete of the Year
1981
Next:
Wayne Gretzky


Previous:
Steve Cruz vs. Barry McGuigan
The Ring Fight of the Year
vs. Marvin Hagler
1987
Next:
Tony Lopez vs. Rocky Lockridge


Previous:
Lloyd Honeyghan
KO6 Donald Curry
The Ring Upset of the Year
SD12 Marvin Hagler
1987
Next:
Iran Barkley
TKO3 Thomas Hearns


Previous:
Inaugural award
Mark Grossinger Etess Award
for Boxer of the Decade
1980–1989
Next:
Award discontinued








v
t
e


Olympic boxing champions – men's light welterweight




1952–2000: 60–63.5 kg, 2004-2012: 60–64 kg







1952:  Charles Adkins (USA)
1956:  Vladimir Yengibaryan (URS)
1960:  Bohumil Němeček (TCH)
1964:  Jerzy Kulej (POL)
1968:  Jerzy Kulej (POL)
1972:  Ray Seales (USA)
1976:  Ray Leonard (USA)
1980:  Patrizio Oliva (ITA)
1984:  Jerry Page (USA)
1988:  Vyacheslav Yanovskiy (URS)
1992:  Héctor Vinent (CUB)
1996:  Héctor Vinent (CUB)
2000:  Mahammatkodir Abdullaev (UZB)
2004:  Manus Boonjumnong (THA)
2008:  Manuel Félix Díaz (DOM)
2012:  Roniel Iglesias (CUB)
2016:  Fazliddin Gaibnazarov (UZB)













v
t
e


Pan American Boxing Champions in Men's Light Welterweight






1951 – 1999: up to 63.5 kg
2003 – 2011: up to 64 kg








1951: Oscar Pietta (ARG)
1955: Juan Carlos Rivero (ARG)
1959: Vincent Shomo (USA)
1963: Adolfo Moreyra (ARG)
1967: James Wallington (USA)
1971: Enrique Regüeiferos (CUB)
1975: Ray Leonard (USA)
1979: Lemuel Steeples (USA)
1983 – 1987: Candelario Duvergel (CUB)
1991: Stevie Johnston (USA)
1995: Walter Crucce (ARG)
1999: Victor Hugo Castro (ARG)
2003: Patrick López (VEN)
2007: Karl Dargan (USA)
2011: Roniel Iglesias (CUB)
2015: Arthur Biyarslanov (CAN)












v
t
e


Sports Illustrated Sportsperson of the Year






1954: Roger Bannister
1955: Johnny Podres
1956: Bobby Morrow
1957: Stan Musial
1958: Rafer Johnson
1959: Ingemar Johansson
1960: Arnold Palmer
1961: Jerry Lucas
1962: Terry Baker
1963: Pete Rozelle
1964: Ken Venturi
1965: Sandy Koufax
1966: Jim Ryun
1967: Carl Yastrzemski
1968: Bill Russell
1969: Tom Seaver
1970: Bobby Orr
1971: Lee Trevino
1972: Billie Jean King & John Wooden
1973: Jackie Stewart
1974: Muhammad Ali
1975: Pete Rose
1976: Chris Evert
1977: Steve Cauthen
1978: Jack Nicklaus
1979: Terry Bradshaw & Willie Stargell
1980: U.S. Olympic Hockey Team
1981: Sugar Ray Leonard
1982: Wayne Gretzky
1983: Mary Decker
1984: Edwin Moses & Mary Lou Retton
1985: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
1986: Joe Paterno
1987: Bob Bourne, Judi Brown King, Kipchoge Keino, Dale Murphy, Chip Rives, Patty Sheehan, Rory Sparrow, & Reggie Williams
1988: Orel Hershiser
1989: Greg LeMond
1990: Joe Montana
1991: Michael Jordan
1992: Arthur Ashe
1993: Don Shula
1994: Bonnie Blair & Johann Olav Koss
1995: Cal Ripken Jr.
1996: Tiger Woods
1997: Dean Smith
1998: Mark McGwire & Sammy Sosa
1999: U.S. Women's Soccer Team
2000: Tiger Woods
2001: Curt Schilling & Randy Johnson
2002: Lance Armstrong
2003: David Robinson & Tim Duncan
2004: Boston Red Sox
2005: Tom Brady
2006: Dwyane Wade
2007: Brett Favre
2008: Michael Phelps
2009: Derek Jeter
2010: Drew Brees
2011: Mike Krzyzewski & Pat Summitt
2012: LeBron James
2013: Peyton Manning
2014: Madison Bumgarner
2015: Serena Williams
2016: LeBron James












v
t
e


1976 USA Olympic Boxing Team



Athletes



Luis Curtis
Leo Randolph
Charles Mooney
David Armstrong
Howard Davis Jr.
Sugar Ray Leonard
Clinton Jackson
Chuck Walker
Michael Spinks
Leon Spinks
John Tate










Coaches

—










v
t
e


The Ring magazine Fighter of the Year






1928: Tunney
1929: Loughran
1930: Schmeling
1931: Loughran
1932: Sharkey
1933: No award
1934: Canzoneri & Ross
1935: Ross
1936: Louis
1937: Armstrong
1938: Louis
1939: Louis
1940: Conn
1941: Louis
1942: Robinson
1943: Apostoli
1944: Jack
1945: Pep
1946: Zale
1947: Lesnevich
1948: Williams
1949: Charles
1950: Charles
1951: Robinson
1952: Marciano
1953: Olson
1954: Marciano
1955: Marciano
1956: Patterson
1957: Basilio
1958: Johansson
1959: Johansson
1960: Patterson
1961: Brown
1962: Tiger
1963: Clay
1964: Griffith
1965: Tiger
1966: Ali
1967: Frazier
1968: Benvenuti
1969: Nápoles
1970: Frazier
1971: Frazier
1972: Ali & Monzón
1973: Foreman
1974: Ali
1975: Ali
1976: Foreman
1977: Zárate
1978: Ali
1979: Leonard
1980: Hearns
1981: Leonard & Sánchez
1982: Holmes
1983: Hagler
1984: Hearns
1985: Hagler & Curry
1986: Tyson
1987: Holyfield
1988: Tyson
1989: Whitaker
1990: Chávez
1991: Toney
1992: Bowe
1993: Carbajal
1994: Jones, Jr.
1995: De La Hoya
1996: Holyfield
1997: Holyfield
1998: Mayweather, Jr.
1999: Ayala
2000: Trinidad
2001: Hopkins
2002: Forrest
2003: Toney
2004: Johnson
2005: Hatton
2006: Pacquiao
2007: Mayweather, Jr.
2008: Pacquiao
2009: Pacquiao
2010: Martínez
2011: Ward
2012: Márquez
2013: Stevenson
2014: Kovalev
2015: Fury
2016: Frampton












v
t
e


Sugar Ray Robinson Award






1938: Dempsey
1939: Conn
1940: Armstrong
1941: Louis
1942: Ross
1943: Boxers of the Armed Forces
1944: B. Leonard
1945: Walker
1946: Zale
1947: Lesnevich
1948: Williams
1949: Charles
1950: Robinson
1951: Walcott
1952: Marciano
1953: Gavilán
1954: Olson
1955: Basilio
1956: Patterson
1957: Basilio
1958: Moore
1959: Johansson
1960: Patterson
1961: Fullmer
1962: Tiger
1963: Griffith
1964: Pastrano
1965: Ali
1966: Tiger
1967: Ortiz
1968: Foster
1969: Frazier
1970: Buchanan
1971: Frazier
1972: Monzón
1973: Foreman
1974: Ali
1975: Ali & Frazier
1976: Davis Jr., S. R. Leonard, Randolph, L. Spinks & M. Spinks
1977: Norton
1978: Holmes
1979: S. R. Leonard
1980: Hearns
1981: S. R. Leonard
1982: Pryor
1983: Hagler
1984: Hearns
1985: Hagler
1986: Tyson
1987: Chávez
1988: Tyson
1989: Whitaker
1990: Holyfield
1991: Toney
1992: Bowe
1993: Whitaker
1994: Foreman
1995: De La Hoya
1996: Holyfield
1997: Holyfield
1998: Mosley
1999: Lewis
2000: Trinidad
2001: Hopkins
2002: Forrest
2003: Toney
2004: Johnson
2005: Hatton
2006: Pacquiao
2007: Mayweather Jr.
2008: Pacquiao
2009: Pacquiao
2010: Martínez
2011: Ward
2012: Donaire
2013: Mayweather Jr.
2014: Crawford
2015: Mayweather Jr.
2016: Frampton









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 40715699
LCCN: n82049374
ISNI: 0000 0000 2681 963X
GND: 11888641X










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sugar_Ray_Leonard&oldid=789458384"					
Categories: 1956 birthsLiving peopleAfrican-American boxersAfrican-American male actorsBoxers at the 1976 Summer OlympicsAmerican boxing promotersInternational Boxing Hall of Fame inducteesLight-middleweight boxersLight-heavyweight boxersMiddleweight boxersPan American Games gold medalists for the United StatesOlympic boxers of the United StatesOlympic gold medalists for the United States in boxingMedalists at the 1976 Summer OlympicsParticipants in American reality television seriesSuper-middleweight boxersWorld Boxing Association championsWorld Boxing Council championsWorld Boxing Organization championsWelterweight boxersWinners of the United States Championship for amateur boxersSportspeople from Washington, D.C.Sportspeople from Wilmington, North CarolinaPeople from Palmer Park, MarylandAmerican male boxersThe Ring magazine championsWorld welterweight boxing championsWorld light-middleweight boxing championsWorld middleweight boxing championsWorld super-middleweight boxing championsWorld light-heavyweight boxing championsPan American Games medalists in boxingLight-welterweight boxersLightweight boxersNational Golden Gloves championsBoxers from North CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2017Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaBoxRec template with ID different from WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilge한국어IdoItalianoעבריתLatviešuMalagasyNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaไทยУкраїнськаWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:20.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Sugar Ray Leonard - Wikipedia






















 






Sugar Ray Leonard

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sugar Ray Leonard



Leonard in 2007



Statistics


Real name
Ray Charles Leonard[1]


Nickname(s)
Sugar


Weight(s)



Welterweight
Light middleweight
Middleweight
Super middleweight
Light heavyweight





Height
5 ft 10 in (178 cm)


Reach
74 in (188 cm)


Nationality
American


Born
(1956-05-17) May 17, 1956 (age 61)[1]
Wilmington, North Carolina, U.S.[1]


Stance
Orthodox


Boxing record


Total fights
40


Wins
36


Wins by KO
25


Losses
3


Draws
1




Medal record



Men's amateur boxing


Representing  United States


Olympic Games



1976 Montreal
Light welterweight


Pan American Games



1975 Mexico City
Light welterweight







Ray Charles Leonard (born May 17, 1956), best known as "Sugar" Ray Leonard, is an American former professional boxer, motivational speaker, and occasional actor. Often regarded as one of the greatest boxers of all time, he competed from 1977 to 1997, winning world titles in five weight divisions; the lineal championship in three weight divisions;[2] as well as the undisputed welterweight title.[3] Leonard was part of "The Fabulous Four",[4] a group of boxers who all fought each other throughout the 1980s, consisting of himself, Roberto Durán, Thomas Hearns and Marvin Hagler.
"The Fabulous Four" created a wave of popularity in the lower weight classes that kept boxing relevant in the post-Muhammad Ali era, during which Leonard defeated future fellow International Boxing Hall of Fame inductees Hearns, Durán, Hagler, and Wilfred Benítez.[5][6] Leonard was also the first boxer to earn more than $100 million in purses, and was named "Boxer of the Decade" in the 1980s.[7] The Ring magazine named him Fighter of the Year in 1979 and 1981, while the Boxing Writers Association of America (BWAA) named him Fighter of the Year in 1976, 1979, and 1981.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Amateur career

2.1 Achievements


3 Change in plans
4 Professional career

4.1 Early professional career
4.2 First world title

4.2.1 Leonard vs. Benitez
4.2.2 Leonard vs. Green


4.3 The Brawl in Montreal
4.4 Revenge in New Orleans
4.5 Second world title

4.5.1 Leonard vs. Bonds
4.5.2 Leonard vs. Kalule


4.6 The Showdown


5 Retirement and return

5.1 The Super Fight
5.2 Another comeback

5.2.1 Leonard v Lalonde
5.2.2 Leonard v Hearns
5.2.3 Leonard v Duran
5.2.4 Leonard v Norris


5.3 The last comeback


6 Professional boxing record
7 Media appearances
8 Personal life

8.1 Family
8.2 Charity work
8.3 Molestation


9 See also
10 References
11 External links



Early life[edit]
Leonard, the fifth of seven children of Cicero and Getha Leonard, was born in Wilmington, North Carolina.[1] He was named after Ray Charles, his mother's favorite singer.[8] The family moved to Washington, D.C., when he was three, and they settled permanently in Palmer Park, Maryland when he was ten. His father worked as a supermarket night manager and his mother was a nurse. He attended Parkdale High School, Leonard was a shy child, and aside from the time he nearly drowned in a creek during a flood in Seat Pleasant, Maryland, his childhood was uneventful. He stayed home a lot, reading comic books and playing with his dog. His mother said: "He never did talk too much. We never could tell what he was thinking. But I never had any problems with him. I never had to go to school once because of him."[9]
Amateur career[edit]
Leonard started boxing at the Palmer Park Recreation Center in 1969. His older brother, Roger, started boxing first. Roger helped start the boxing program, urging the center's director, Ollie Dunlap, to form a team. Dave Jacobs, a former boxer, and Janks Morton volunteered as boxing coaches. Roger won some trophies and showed them off in front of Ray, goading him to start boxing.
In 1972, Leonard boxed in the featherweight quarterfinals of the National AAU Tournament, losing by decision to Jerome Artis. It was his first defeat. Later that year, he boxed in the Eastern Olympic Trials. The rules stated that a boxer had to be seventeen to box in international competition, so Leonard, only sixteen, lied about his age.[10] He made it to the lightweight semifinals, losing a disputed decision to Greg Whaley, who took such a beating that he wasn't allowed to continue in the trials and never boxed again.[11]
Sarge Johnson, assistant coach of the U.S. Olympic Boxing Team, said to Dave Jacobs, "That kid you got is sweet as sugar". The nickname stuck. However, given his style and first name, it was probably only a matter of time before people started calling him Sugar Ray, after the man many consider to be the best boxer of all time, Sugar Ray Robinson.[12]
In 1973, Leonard won the National Golden Gloves Lightweight Championship, but lost to Randy Shields in the lightweight final of the National AAU Tournament. The following year, Leonard won the National Golden Gloves and National AAU Lightweight Championships. Leonard suffered his last two losses as an amateur in 1974. He lost a disputed decision to Anatoli Kamnev in Moscow, after which, Kamnev gave the winner's trophy to Leonard. In Poland, Kazimierz Szczerba was given a decision victory over Leonard, even though he was dominated in the first two rounds and dropped three times in the third.[13]
Leonard won the National Golden Gloves and National AAU Light Welterweight Championships in 1974. The following year, he again won the National AAU Light Welterweight Championship, as well as the Light Welterweight Championship at the Pan American Games.
In 1976, Leonard made the U.S. Olympic Team as the light welterweight representative. The team also included Leon and Michael Spinks, Howard Davis, Jr., Leo Randolph, Charles Mooney, and John Tate. Many consider the 1976 U.S. team to be the greatest boxing team in the history of the Olympics.[14] Leonard won his first four Olympic bouts by 5–0 decisions. He faced Kazimierz Szczerba in the semifinals and won by a 5–0 decision, avenging his last amateur loss.
In the final, Leonard boxed the great Cuban knockout artist Andrés Aldama, who scored five straight knockouts to reach the final. Leonard landed several good left hooks in the first round. In the second, he dropped Aldama with a left to the chin. Late in the final round, he again hurt Aldama, which brought a standing eight count from the referee.
With only a few seconds left in the fight, a Leonard combination forced another standing eight count. Leonard was awarded a 5–0 decision and the Olympic Gold Medal. Afterward, Leonard announced, "I'm finished...I've fought my last fight. My journey has ended, my dream is fulfilled. Now I want to go to school." He was given a scholarship to the University of Maryland, a gift from the citizens of Glenarden, Maryland. He planned to study business administration and communications.[15] He finished his amateur career with a record of 145–5 and 75 KO's.[16]
Achievements[edit]

1973 National Golden Gloves Lightweight Champion, defeating Hilmer Kenty.
1973 National AAU Light Welterweight Championship runner-up, losing to Randy Shields.
1974 National Golden Gloves Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Jeff Lemeir.
1974 National AAU Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Paul Sherry.
1974 North American Championships Gold Medalist, defeating Robert Proulx.
1975 National AAU Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Milton Seward.
1975 North American Championships Gold Medalist, defeating Michel Briere.
1975 Pan American Games Light Welterweight Gold Medalist, defeating Victor Corona.
1976 Olympic Light Welterweight Gold Medalist, defeating Andrés Aldama.


Olympic Results


Defeated Ulf Carlsson (Sweden) points 5–0
Defeated Valery Limassov (Soviet Union) points 5–0
Defeated Clinton McKenzie (Great Britain) points 5–0
Defeated Ulrich Beyer (East Germany) points 5–0
Defeated Kazimierz Szczerba (Poland) points 5–0
Defeated Andrés Aldama (Cuba) points 5–0[17]

Change in plans[edit]
Juanita Wilkinson, Leonard's high school girlfriend, told him she was pregnant in the summer of 1973. They decided to have the baby but marriage would be put off until after the Olympics in 1976. Leonard would continue to pursue his Olympic dream while she and the baby, Ray Charles Leonard, Jr., lived with her parents. When Leonard boxed in the Olympics, he had a picture of Wilkinson taped to his sock.
Shortly before the Olympics, Wilkinson had filed an application to receive $156 a month in child support payments from Prince George's County. She named Leonard as the father and the county's state attorney's office filed a civil suit against Leonard to establish paternity and get support payments for the child. Leonard learned of the suit several days after returning home from the Olympics. The headline in the Washington Star read, "Sugar Ray Leonard Named in Welfare Dept. Paternity Suit".[18]
Wilkinson went to the Olympics to watch Leonard box, but she did not tell him about the suit and never asked him for any money. "I didn't feel like being bothered by all those complications by asking him for any money for support", she said. Leonard pledged he would support his son, even if he had to scrap plans to attend college.[19]
Leonard had hoped to get lucrative endorsements following his gold medal win, but the negative publicity from the paternity suit chased off any big commercial possibilities. To make matters worse, his father was hospitalized with meningitis and his mother suffered a heart attack. With neither parent able to work, with his child and the mother of his child to support, and without any endorsement opportunities, Leonard decided to become a professional boxer.[20]
Professional career[edit]
Early professional career[edit]
When Leonard decided to turn professional, Janks Morton introduced him to Mike Trainer, a friend of his who was an attorney. Trainer talked 24 of his friends and clients into underwriting Leonard's career with an investment of $21,000 to be repaid within four years at 8% interest. Trainer then made Leonard the sole stockholder in Sugar Ray Leonard, Inc. Angelo Dundee, Muhammad Ali's trainer, was brought in to be Leonard's trainer and manager. Many of the people being considered wanted absolute control and a cut somewhere near the manager's traditional 33%. Dundee had a different proposition. Although he would prescribe the training procedures, he would leave the day-to-day work to Dave Jacobs and Janks Morton. He would also choose Leonard's opponents. For his services, Dundee would get 15% of Leonard's purse.[21]
Leonard made his professional debut on February 5, 1977 before a crowd of 10,270 at the Civic Center in Baltimore. He was paid $40,044 for the fight. His opponent was Luis "The Bull" Vega, whom he defeated by a six-round unanimous decision.[22] After the fight, Leonard paid back his $21,000 loan to the investors.[23]
In his fourteenth professional fight, Leonard fought his first world-ranked opponent, Floyd Mayweather, who was ranked seventeenth. The fight took place on September 9, 1978.[citation needed] Leonard won by a tenth-round knockout.[24] A month later, Leonard defeated his old amateur nemesis Randy Shields by a ten-round unanimous decision.[25][26]
On August 12, 1979, Leonard knocked out Pete Ranzany in four rounds to win the NABF Welterweight Championship.[27] The following month, he made his first title defense against Andy Price. Many felt that Price would give Leonard a tough fight, but Leonard took him out in the first round, advancing his record to 25–0 with 16 knockouts.[28]
First world title[edit]
Leonard vs. Benitez[edit]
Leonard fought Wilfred Benítez for the WBC Welterweight Championship on November 30, 1979, at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada. There was a capacity crowd of about 4,600. Leonard received $1 million and Benitez, a two-division champion with a record of 38–0–1, received $1.2 million.
It was a highly competitive and tactical battle. In the first round, Leonard rocked Benitez with a left hook that came off a jab and right cross. Late in the third, Leonard dropped Benitez on the seat of his pants with a stiff left jab. More embarrassed than hurt, Benitez got up quickly.
Benitez started to do better in the fourth, slipping numerous punches and finding the range with his right hand. "I wasn't aware I was in a championship early because I hit him so easy", Leonard said. "But then he adjusted to my style. It was like looking in a mirror".
In the sixth, there was an accidental clash of heads, which opened a cut on the forehead of Benitez. Blood flowed down his forehead and the bridge of his nose but stayed out of his eyes.
Leonard landed the harder punches and had Benitez hurt several times late in the fight, but Leonard couldn't put him away. Benitez was very slick. "No one, I mean no one, can make me miss punches like that", Leonard said.
Going into the final round, Leonard led by scores of 137–130, 137–133, and 136–134. The two went toe-to-toe in the fifteenth. Late in the round, Leonard dropped Benitez with a left. He got up, but after a few more punches, the referee stopped the fight. The time was 2:54 of round fifteen.[29]
The Boxing Writers Association of America and The Ring named Leonard "Fighter of the Year" for 1979.
Leonard vs. Green[edit]
Leonard made his first title defense in Landover, Maryland, on March 31, 1980. His opponent was Dave "Boy" Green. The British challenger had a record of 33–2. In the fourth round, Leonard knocked Green out with a devastating left hook. Leonard called it "the hardest single punch I ever threw."[30]
The Brawl in Montreal[edit]
On June 20, 1980, Leonard returned to the Olympic Stadium in Montreal to defend his title against Roberto Durán before a crowd of 46,317. Durán, the former Undisputed World Lightweight Champion for 6 1/2 years, had a record of 71–1 and was the #1 welterweight contender and considered the best "Pound for Pound" fighter in the world. Durán received $1.5 million and Leonard, working for a percentage of the closed-circuit gate as well as a guarantee, received over $9 million.
Angelo Dundee counseled Leonard to box, to move side to side and not to get caught on the ropes. However, Leonard decided to fight Durán's way. "Flat-footed", he said. "I will not run."[31]
Durán forced the issue and took the fight to Leonard, cutting off the ring and denying Leonard space to fight his fight. Durán attacked at almost every turn. Leonard battled back again and again, but he had to work just to find room to breathe and swing, at times simply to survive. In the second, Durán rocked Leonard with a left hook, sending him into the ropes. Leonard started to do better by the fifth round, finding some punching room and throwing numerous multi-punch combinations. The two fought with great intensity throughout the fight. According to Bill Nack:

It was, from almost the opening salvo, a fight that belonged to Durán. The Panamanian seized the evening and gave it what shape and momentum it had. He took control, attacking and driving Leonard against the ropes, bulling him back, hitting him with lefts and rights to the body as he maneuvered the champion against the ropes from corner to corner. Always moving forward, he mauled and wrestled Leonard, scoring inside with hooks and rights. For three rounds Durán drove at Sugar Ray with a fury, and there were moments when it seemed the fight could not last five. Unable to get away, unable to counter and unable to slide away to open up the ring, Leonard seemed almost helpless under the assault. Now and then he got loose and countered—left-right-left to Durán's bobbing head—but he missed punches and could not work inside, could not jab, could not mount an offense to keep Durán at bay.[31]

Durán was awarded a unanimous decision, although it was mistakenly read as a majority decision in the ring. The scorecard of judge Angelo Poletti was incorrectly added and announced as 147–147. He actually scored it 148–147. In rounds, he had it three for Durán, two for Leonard, and ten even. Sports Illustrated called his scorecard "a monument to indecision." Judges Raymond Baldeyrou and Harry Gibbs scored the fight 146–144 and 145–144, respectively. Associated Press had it 144–141 for Durán, while The New York Times had Leonard ahead 144–142.
"I did the best I could", Leonard said. "I think I pretty much fought from the heart." Asked if Leonard was the best he ever fought, Durán thought for a moment and then answered, "Si, si." Durán said. "He does have a heart. That's why he's living."[32][33]
Revenge in New Orleans[edit]
The rematch, billed as "Stone vs. Sugar.. Once Again", took place November 25, 1980 at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans in front of 25,038 fans. Leonard received $7 million and Durán received $8 million.
Dave Jacobs disagreed with the decision to have an immediate rematch with Durán and terminated his relationship with Leonard when the rematch was made. "My idea is that he should have a tuneup fight before he fights with Roberto again", Jacobs said. "I think he won the fight with Durán, but I don't think it is healthy for him to be fighting Durán right away".[34]
After the Montreal fight Durán went on a partying binge and ballooned in weight. Leonard was aware of this, and in an interview for Beyond the Glory he said: "My intention was to fight Durán ASAP because I knew Durán's habits. I knew he would indulge himself, he'd gain 40–50 lbs and then sweat it off to make 147." Unlike the fight in Montreal, Leonard used his superior speed and movement to outbox and befuddle Durán. "The whole fight, I was moving, I was moving", Leonard said. "And Voom! I snapped his head back with a jab. Voom! I snapped it back again. He tried to get me against the ropes, I'd pivot, spin off and Pow! Come under with a punch."
In round seven, Leonard started to taunt Durán. Leonard's most memorable punch came late in the round. Winding up his right hand, as if to throw a bolo punch, Leonard snapped out a left jab and caught Durán flush in the face. "It made his eyes water", Leonard said. He continued to taunt Durán mercilessly. He stuck out his chin, inviting Durán to hit it. Durán hesitated. Leonard kept it up, continuing to move, stop, and mug.
In the closing seconds of the eighth round, Durán turned his back to Leonard and quit, saying to referee Octavio Meyran, "No Mas." Leonard was the winner by a technical knockout at 2:44 of round eight, regaining the WBC Welterweight Championship. Leonard led by scores of 68–66, 68–66 and 67–66.[35]
Durán said he quit because of stomach cramps, caused by overeating after the weigh-in. "At the end of the fifth round, I got cramps in my stomach and it kept getting worse and worse", Duran later said. "I felt weaker and weaker in my body and arms." He then announced, "I am retiring from boxing right now." During the night Durán was admitted to a hospital with stomach pains, and discharged the following day.
Everyone was surprised by Durán's actions, none more so than his veteran trainers, Freddie Brown and Ray Arcel. "I was shocked", Brown said. "There was no indication that he was in pain or getting weak."[36] Arcel was angry. "That's it", he said. "I've had it. This is terrible. I've handled thousands of fighters and never had anyone quit on me. I think he needs a psychiatrist more than he needs anything else." Durán's manager, Carlos Eleta, said, "Durán didn't quit because of stomach cramps. He quit because he was embarrassed. I know this."[37] According to Randy Gordon, who witnessed Durán's antics beforehand and was in his dressing room immediately afterwards, Durán quit because of his huge eating binge prior to the fight.[38]
"I made him quit", Leonard said. "To make a man quit, to make Roberto Durán quit, was better than knocking him out."[39]
Second world title[edit]
Leonard vs. Bonds[edit]
On March 28, 1981, Leonard defended his title against Larry Bonds, the WBC sixth-ranked contender, at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse, New York. Bonds was a southpaw, which made him a good opponent for Leonard, given that his next opponent was scheduled to be the WBA Light Middleweight Champion Ayub Kalule, a southpaw.
Leonard was the aggressor throughout, with Bonds circling the ring. He staggered Bonds with a right in the fourth round and dropped him with a follow-up combination. Bonds got up and continued to move, with Leonard in pursuit. Leonard dropped him again in the tenth. Bonds rose but Leonard didn't let him off the hook. The referee stopped the fight with Bonds taking punishment in a corner.[40]
Leonard vs. Kalule[edit]
Leonard moved up to the junior middleweight division and faced Kalule on June 25, 1981 at the Astrodome in Houston, Texas. Kalule, who was 36–0, had been the WBA Light Middleweight Champion for two years.
Kalule and his handlers had expected Leonard to use lateral movement against him, but Leonard took the fight to Kalule. After eight tough rounds, Leonard was ahead although Kalule appeared to be coming on strong in the eight and ninth. Leonard finally hurt him with a right to the head. Shortly afterward, Leonard dropped him with a flurry of punches. Kalule got up but the referee waved it off. Leonard celebrated his victory with a full 360-degree, no-hands flip.[41] Despite an official stoppage time of 2.59, the fight was actually stopped at 3.06 into the round, meaning Kalule should have been saved by the bell.[42]
The Showdown[edit]
Main article: Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Thomas Hearns
Promoted as "The Showdown", Leonard fought Thomas Hearns on September 16, 1981 at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas to unify the World Welterweight Championship in a scheduled fifteen-rounder. They fought before a live crowd of 23,618. Hearns was paid $5.1 million, and Leonard made over $11 million. The fight grossed over $35 million. The live gate was $5.9 million, and the revenue from pay-per-view was $7.5 million.
Hearns, 32–0 with 30 knockouts, won the WBA Welterweight Championship in 1980, scoring a second-round knockout of José "Pipino" Cuevas in Detroit, Michigan. He made three successful title defenses, stopping Luis Primera, Randy Shields, and Pablo Baez.
The fight began as expected, Leonard boxing from a distance and Hearns stalking. Leonard had difficulty with Hearns' long reach and sharp jab. By the end of round five, Leonard had a growing swelling under his left eye, and Hearns had built a considerable lead on the scorecards. Leonard, becoming more aggressive, hurt Hearns in the sixth with a left hook to the chin. Leonard battered Hearns in rounds six and seven, but Hearns regrouped. Hearns started to stick and move, and he started to pile up points again. The roles reversed: Leonard became the stalker and Hearns became the boxer. The fight billed as a classic showdown between a powerful knockout artist and the best boxer/puncher the welterweight division had seen in decades devolved into a tactical and boring fight.
Hearns won rounds nine through twelve on all three scorecards. Between rounds twelve and thirteen, Angelo Dundee told Leonard, "You're blowing it, son! You're blowing it!".
Leonard, with a badly swollen left eye, came out roaring for the thirteenth round. After hurting Hearns with a right, Leonard exploded with a combination of punches. Hearns' legs were clearly gone and after more pressure from Leonard he was bundled through the ropes, no knockdown was given as it wasn't a punch that sent him there. Hearns managed to rise, but was dropped by a flurry of hard punches near the end of the round.
In round fourteen, after staggering Hearns with an overhand right, Leonard pinned Hearns against the ropes, where he unleashed another furious combination, prompting referee Davey Pearl to stop the contest and award Sugar Ray Leonard the Unified World Welterweight Championship. Hearns was leading by scores of 124–122, 125–122, and 125–121.
After the fight, there was controversy due to the scoring of rounds six and seven. Even though Leonard dominated, hurting Hearns and battering him, all three judges gave both rounds to Leonard by a 10–9 margin. Many felt that the ten-point must scoring system was not properly used and those rounds should have been scored 10–8.[43] Some also considered the stoppage premature. Veteran ringside commentator Don Dunphy said "They're stopping the fight. I don't believe it. Hearns was ahead on points." However, Emanuel Steward, Hearns' manager and trainer, said, "I felt that the referee was justified in stopping the fight ... Tommy did not have enough energy to make it through the fight."[44]
The fight was named "Fight of the Year" by The Ring.
Leonard was named "Fighter of the Year" by The Ring and The Boxing Writers Association of America. He was also named "Athlete of the Year" by ABC's Wide World of Sports and "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.[45]
Retirement and return[edit]
On February 15, 1982, Leonard defended the unified title against Bruce Finch, the WBC fourth-ranked contender. Leonard knocked him out in the third round.[46] Leonard's next fight was scheduled to be against Roger Stafford on May 14, 1982, in Buffalo, New York. While training, Leonard started to see floaters. He went to a doctor and discovered that he had a detached retina. The fight was cancelled, and Leonard had surgery to repair the retina on May 9, 1982.[47]
On November 9, 1982, Leonard invited Marvin Hagler and other boxing dignitaries to a charity event in Baltimore, Maryland to hear him announce whether he would continue his career. Standing in a boxing ring with Howard Cosell, the master of ceremonies, Leonard announced his retirement, saying a bout with Hagler would unfortunately never happen. Leonard maintained his eye was fully healed, but that he just didn't want to box anymore.[48]
Missing the limelight and the competition, Leonard announced in December 1983 that he was returning to the ring. Leonard boasted that he would have a couple of ten-round bouts and then take on Milton McCrory, Donald Curry, Durán, Hearns and finally Hagler. This decision was met with a torrent of criticism from fans and the media, who felt Leonard was taking unnecessary risks with his surgically repaired eye.[49]
A bout with Philadelphia's Kevin Howard, who was 20–4–1, was scheduled for February 25, 1984. The fight was postponed when Leonard had minor surgery on his right eye to fix a loose retina. This latest eye problem further fueled the flames of those who opposed Leonard's comeback.[50]
Before the fight with Howard, Dave Jacobs rejoined Leonard's team in a limited role. Jacobs had quit in 1980, disagreeing with Leonard's decision to have an immediate rematch with Durán.[51]
Leonard and Howard fought on May 11, 1984, in Worcester, Massachusetts. Howard knocked Leonard flat on his back in the fourth round. It was the first knockdown of Leonard's professional career. Leonard came back to stop Howard in the ninth round, but the stoppage was disputed, with some feeling that the referee stopped the fight prematurely. Leonard was ahead on all three scorecards at the time of the stoppage. At the post-fight press conference, Leonard surprised everyone by announcing his retirement again, saying he just didn't have it anymore.[52]
The Super Fight[edit]
On March 10, 1986, Marvin Hagler knocked out John Mugabi in eleven rounds to retain the Undisputed World Middleweight Championship for the twelfth time and advance his record to 62–2–2. "I was ringside", Leonard said. "I'm watching John 'The Beast' Mugabi fight Hagler. Of all people, John 'The Beast' Mugabi." It was then that Leonard decided to come back and fight Hagler. He called Mike Trainer and said, "I can beat Hagler".
On May 1, 1986, Leonard announced on a Washington, D.C. talk show that he would return to the ring to fight Hagler. The announcement generated a lot of controversy because of Leonard's inactivity and eye injuries, yet it also excited many sports fans who had hoped to see them fight years earlier. Hagler took a few months to decide, then agreed to the match.[53]
The fight, promoted as "The Super Fight" and "The King of the Ring", was scheduled for April 6, 1987, at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. Leonard was guaranteed $11 million, and Hagler was guaranteed $12 million. Hagler was a heavy favorite. The odds started at 4–1, then settled at 3–1. A paying crowd 12,379 generated a live gate of $6.2 million. According to Bob Arum, the fight grossed $78 million which would equates to $170m in 2016.
The original fight plan for Leonard was to go toe-to-toe with Hagler and try to cut him, but the plan changed about five days before the fight. Leonard got hit by sparring partner Quincy Taylor and was badly buckled. "He almost knocked me out", Leonard said. After that, Leonard decided to box Hagler.[54]
Many were surprised that Hagler, a natural southpaw, opened the fight boxing out of an orthodox stance. After the quick and slick Leonard won the first two rounds on all three scorecards, Hagler started the third round as a southpaw. Hagler did better, but Leonard's superior speed and boxing skill still allowed him to control the fight. Hagler looked stiff and mechanical and missed the speedy Leonard time and again prompting ringside commentator for the NBC network re-broadcast Gil Clancy to remark "...and is he ever missing...Leonard isn't doing anything to make him miss, he's just missing!"
By the fifth, Leonard, who was moving a lot, began to tire and Hagler started to get closer. Hagler buckled Leonard's knees with a right uppercut near the end of the round, which finished with Leonard on the ropes. Hagler continued to score somewhat effectively in round six. Leonard, having slowed down, was obliged to fight more and move less. However, he was able to outpunch Hagler along the ropes and got the better of several bristling exchanges. Hagler never seized total control of the fight as he had against Thomas Hearns two years earlier, when he brutalized Hearns and scored a third-round knockout. Hagler's punches lacked snap and, although he was scoring solidly to the body, he looked nothing like the powerful fighter who had dominated the middleweight division for the previous five years. Leonard's observation that the Hagler who beat John Mugabi was older and slower proved to be spot on. In rounds seven and eight, Hagler's southpaw jab was landing solidly and Leonard's counter flurries were less frequent.
Round nine was the most exciting round of the fight. Hagler hurt Leonard with a left cross and pinned him in a corner. Leonard looked to be in trouble, but he furiously fought his way out of the corner. The action see-sawed back and forth for the rest of the round, with each man having his moments. However, Hagler's moments were more spectacular and one of Hagler's cornermen: Roger Perron (in an interview that took place on an episode of HBO's Legendary Nights episode segments in 2003) later stated that: "the ninth round was probably Marvin (Hagler)'s, best round".
Round ten was tame by comparison, as the pace slowed after the furious action of the previous round but with Hagler having more spectacular moments. Despite Leonard's obvious fatigue, he boxed well in the eleventh. Every time Hagler scored, Leonard came back with something flashier and more eye-catching, if not as effective. But at that point in the fight, Hagler appeared to be slightly more ring-general and clearly more aggressive. Between rounds eleven and twelve, Leonard's trainer: Angelo Dundee, implored Sugar Ray to get up off his stool yelling "We got three minutes...new champ...new champ!" Leonard yelled "Yeah!" and played to the screaming crowd. Hagler's corner was much more reserved prompting Clancy to comment: "They're talking to him like it's an IBM meeting or something...no emotion." In the final round, Hagler continued to chase Leonard. He hit Leonard with a big left hand and backed him into a corner. Leonard responded with a furious flurry, landing few punches but whipping the upset-hoping crowd into a frenzy. Hagler backed off, and Leonard danced away with Hagler in pursuit. The fight ended with Hagler and Leonard exchanging along the ropes. At the final bell, even uniformed ringside security rushed into the ring applauding and lauding Leonard's effort.[55]
Leonard threw 629 punches and landed 306, while Hagler threw 792 and landed 291.[56]
Leonard was awarded a controversial split-decision. Judge Dave Moretti scored it 115–113 for Leonard, while judge Lou Filippo had it 115–113 for Hagler. Judge José Guerra scored the fight 118–110 for Leonard. Many felt that Hagler deserved the decision because he was the aggressor and landed the harder punches. Scottish boxing journalist Hugh McIlvanney wrote that Leonard's plan was to "steal rounds with a few flashy and carefully timed flurries....he was happy to exaggerate hand speed at the expense of power, and neither he nor two of the scorers seemed bothered by the fact that many of the punches landed on the champion's gloves and arms."[57]
Many others felt that Leonard deservedly got the decision, arguing that Leonard landed more punches and showed better defense and ring generalship. Jim Murray, long-time sports columnist for the Los Angeles Times, wrote, "It wasn't even close...He didn't just outpoint Hagler, he exposed him. He made him look like a guy chasing a bus. In snowshoes.... Leonard repeatedly beat Hagler to the punch. When he did, he hit harder. He hit more often.... He made Hagler into what he perceived him to be throughout his career—a brawler, a swarmer, a man who could club you to death only if you stood there and let him. If you moved, he was lost."[58]
The fight was named "Fight of the Year" and "Upset of the Year" by The Ring.
Despite requests from the Hagler camp, Leonard was uninterested in a rematch and retired on May 27, 1987. "I'll try, I'll give it a shot", Leonard said of his latest retirement. "But you guys know me."[59] A month after Hagler's formal retirement in June 1988 Leonard would announce another comeback.
Another comeback[edit]
Leonard v Lalonde[edit]
On November 7, 1988, Leonard made another comeback, facing Don Lalonde at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas. They fought for Lalonde's WBC Light Heavyweight Championship and the newly created WBC Super Middleweight Championship, which meant that Lalonde had to make 168 lbs. Many were critical of Leonard for stipulating that his opponent—a natural 175 pounder—should weigh less than his usual fighting weight, which could possibly weaken him. However, Lalonde later told HBO's Larry Merchant that he didn't have any trouble making weight.[60]
Lalonde, 31–2 with 26 knockouts, was guaranteed at least $6 million and Leonard was guaranteed over $10 million.
This would be Leonard's first professional fight without Angelo Dundee. For Leonard's fight with Hagler, Dundee worked without a contract and received $175,000, which was less than 2% of Leonard's purse. Dundee was unhappy with that amount. He requested a contract for the Lalonde fight and Leonard refused. "I don't have contracts. My word is my bond", Leonard said. Janks Morton and Dave Jacobs trained Leonard for the Lalonde fight.[61][62]
Lalonde's size and awkwardness troubled Leonard. In the fourth round, a right hand to the top of Leonard's head dropped him for just the second time in his career. Early in the ninth, Lalonde hurt Leonard with a right to the chin. Leonard fired back and hurt Lalonde with a right. He drove him to the ropes and unleashed a furious assault. Lalonde tried to tie up Leonard, but got dropped with a powerful left hook. He rose but was soon down again, and the fight was stopped. Judges Chuck Giampa and Franz Marti had Leonard ahead by scores of 77–74 and 77–75, respectively. Judge Stuart Kirshenbaum had Lalonde ahead 76–75.[63]
After the fight, Leonard vacated the light heavyweight title, but kept the super middleweight title. Also, Leonard and Janks Morton split because of personal differences. Morton was replaced as co-trainer by Pepe Correa, who had worked with Leonard for most of the previous fifteen years.[64]
Leonard v Hearns[edit]
On June 12, 1989, Leonard defended the WBC Super Middleweight Championship in a rematch with Thomas Hearns at Caesar's Palace. It was promoted as "The War." Hearns was guaranteed $11 million and Leonard was guaranteed $14 million.
Hearns dropped Leonard with a right cross in the third round, but Leonard came back and battered Hearns around the ring in the fifth. Early in the seventh round, Hearns hurt Leonard but punched himself out going for the knockout. With Hearns fatigued, Leonard came back and had a strong finish to the round. Rounds nine and ten were good rounds for Leonard, but he ran into trouble in the eleventh round. Three booming rights from Hearns sent Leonard down for the second time in the fight. Knowing he needed a big finish, Leonard fought furiously and had a big final round.
The judges scored the fight a draw and Leonard retained the title. Judge Jerry Roth scored the fight 113–112 for Hearns, Judge Tom Kazmarek scored it 113–112 for Leonard, and Judge Dalby Shirley scored it 112–112. Shirley was the only judge to give Leonard a 10–8 margin in the twelfth. If he had scored it 10–9, as his two colleagues did, Hearns would have won by a split decision. The decision was soundly booed, as most felt that Hearns had won.[65] Eventually, Leonard admitted that Hearns deserved the decision.
Leonard v Duran[edit]
On December 7, 1989, Leonard defended the title against Roberto Durán, who was the reigning WBC Middleweight Champion. Durán was guaranteed $7.6 million and Leonard's arrangement guaranteed him over $13 million.[66]
For the Durán fight, Leonard cut his entourage from twenty-one to six. Dave Jacobs was one of the people let go, leaving Correa as the sole trainer. Correa was instructed not to spare the whip. "For the first time in a long time, I allowed someone to push me", Leonard said.
The fight took place at the new Mirage Hotel in Las Vegas. Leonard used constant lateral movement and won by a lopsided twelve-round unanimous decision over a listless Durán. The scores were 120–110, 119–109, and 116–111. In a fight that many considered to be very boring, both fighters were booed often by the fans and many left the arena before the decision was announced. Pat Putnam of Sports Illustrated wrote, "Leonard gave them artistic perfection when they wanted heated battle, and they booed lustily. Most fight fans would not spend a dime to watch Van Gogh paint Sunflowers, but they would fill Yankee Stadium to see him cut off his ear."[67] Although Leonard dominated the fight, he suffered several cuts. His lower lip was cut from a headbutt in the fourth round, his left eye was cut in the eleventh round, and his right eye was cut in the twelfth round. The cuts required a total of sixty stitches.[68]
In January 1990, Leonard relinquished the WBC Super Middleweight Championship, saying that he was unsure whether he would fight again.[69] When Leonard decided to continue his career, he offered Hagler a rematch, but Hagler decided to stay retired.[70] He then offered Hearns a third fight, but Hearns said he could no longer make the weight and moved up to the light heavyweight division.[71]
Leonard v Norris[edit]
On February 9, 1991, Leonard went down to 154 lbs and fought WBC Light Middleweight Champion Terry Norris at Madison Square Garden. Leonard entered the bout as a 3-1 favorite but Norris dominated the fight, giving Leonard a heavy beating. He knocked Leonard down with a left hook in the second round, and in the seventh, he dropped Leonard again with a short right. Leonard had no answer for the skillful, younger, faster man. Leonard went the distance but lost by a lopsided decision. The scores were 120–104, 119–103, and 116–110. After the verdict was announced, Leonard announced his retirement. "It took this fight to show me it is no longer my time", Leonard said. "Tonight was my last fight. I know how Hagler felt now."[72]
The last comeback[edit]
In October 1996, the 40-year-old Leonard announced that he was coming out of retirement to fight 34-year-old Héctor Camacho for the lightly regarded International Boxing Council (IBC) Middleweight Championship. Camacho, a light-hitting southpaw, was a three-time world champion with a record of 62–3–1. However, Camacho was also considered to be past his prime. Leonard decided to fight Camacho after commentating on his fight with the 45-year-old Roberto Durán the previous year. Camacho won by a disputed unanimous decision, which Leonard called "an early Christmas gift".
Leonard blamed his poor performance against Norris on lack of motivation, a rib injury, moving down in weight, and divorce, which was being litigated while he was in training. "It was stupid for me to fight Norris at 154 lbs", Leonard said. "This is different. I'm in the best shape possible."[73]
For the Camacho fight, Leonard had a new trainer, Adrian Davis. "He's a great trainer, a throwback", Leonard said. "He has really helped me get ready."[74]
In January 1997, it was announced that Leonard had been voted into the International Boxing Hall Of Fame in Canastota, New York. The rules state that a boxer must be retired for five years before being eligible for induction. When the vote took place, Leonard had been retired for more than five years, therefore, he was eligible, even though he had a fight scheduled. The induction ceremony was on June 15, 1997.[75]
The fight with Camacho took place on March 1, 1997, in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Camacho applied pressure from the opening bell and started to score well in the third. He continued to score well in the fourth and opened a cut above Leonard's right eye. In the fifth, Camacho dropped Leonard with a right followed by two left uppercuts. Leonard got up, but was unable to ward off Camacho. The referee stopped the fight with Camacho teeing off on a defenseless Leonard on the ropes. It was the only time in Leonard's career that he was knocked out.
Afterward, Leonard retired again, saying, "For sure, my career is definitely over for me in the ring." However, less than a week after the fight, Leonard said he planned to fight again. He blamed his loss on a torn right calf muscle. His doctor suggested that he cancel the fight, but Leonard wanted to go through with it. Before the fight, he was given a shot of novocaine.[76]
Leonard said he planned to have a series of tuneup fights before fighting a champion.[77] He was scheduled to fight Tony Menefee on February 15, 1998, in Australia, but he pulled out of the fight, saying that he didn't have the motivation. The Camacho fight was Leonard's last. He finished his career with a record of 36–3–1 with 25 knockouts.[78]
Professional boxing record[edit]


Professional record summary



40 fights
36 wins
3 losses


By knockout
25
1


By decision
11
2


Draws
1




No.
Result
Record
Opponent
Type
Round, time
Date
Location
Notes


40
Loss
36–3–1
 Héctor Camacho
TKO
5 (12), 1:08
Mar 1, 1997
 Convention Hall, Atlantic City, New Jersey, U.S.
For IBC middleweight title


39
Loss
36–2–1
 Terry Norris
UD
12
Feb 9, 1991
 Madison Square Garden, New York City, New York, U.S.
For WBC light middleweight title


38
Win
36–1–1
 Roberto Durán
UD
12
Dec 7, 1989
 The Mirage, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC super middleweight title


37
Draw
35–1–1
 Thomas Hearns
SD
12
Jun 12, 1989
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC super middleweight title;
For WBO super middleweight title


36
Win
35–1
 Donny Lalonde
TKO
9 (12), 2:30
Nov 7, 1988
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC light heavyweight and vacant WBC super middleweight titles


35
Win
34–1
 Marvin Hagler
SD
12
Apr 6, 1987
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal middleweight titles


34
Win
33–1
 Kevin Howard
TKO
9 (10), 2:27
May 11, 1984
 Centrum, Worcester, Massachusetts, U.S.



33
Win
32–1
 Bruce Finch
TKO
3 (15), 1:50
Feb 15, 1982
 Centennial Coliseum, Reno, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBA, WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


32
Win
31–1
 Thomas Hearns
TKO
14 (15), 1:45
Sep 16, 1981
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles;
Won WBA welterweight title


31
Win
30–1
 Ayub Kalule
TKO
9 (15), 3:06
Jun 25, 1981
 Astrodome, Houston, Texas, U.S.
Won WBA, The Ring, and lineal light middleweight titles


30
Win
29–1
 Larry Bonds
TKO
10 (15), 2:22
Mar 28, 1981
 Carrier Dome, Syracuse, New York, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


29
Win
28–1
 Roberto Durán
RTD
8 (15), 2:44
Nov 25, 1980
 Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


28
Loss
27–1
 Roberto Durán
UD
15
Jun 20, 1980
 Olympic Stadium, Montreal, Quebec, Canada
Lost WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


27
Win
27–0
 Dave Boy Green
KO
4 (15), 2:27
Mar 31, 1980
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


26
Win
26–0
 Wilfred Benítez
TKO
15 (15), 2:54
Nov 30, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


25
Win
25–0
 Andy Price
KO
1 (12), 2:52
Sep 28, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained NABF welterweight title


24
Win
24–0
 Pete Ranzany
TKO
4 (12), 2:41
Aug 12, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won NABF welterweight title


23
Win
23–0
 Tony Chiaverini
RTD
4 (10)
Jun 24, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



22
Win
22–0
 Marcos Geraldo
UD
10
May 20, 1979
 Riverside Centroplex, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, U.S.



21
Win
21–0
 Adolfo Viruet
UD
10
Apr 21, 1979
 Dunes, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



20
Win
20–0
 Daniel Aldo Gonzalez
TKO
1 (10), 2:03
Mar 24, 1979
 Community Center, Tucson, Arizona, U.S.



19
Win
19–0
 Fernand Marcotte
TKO
8 (10), 2:33
Feb 11, 1979
 Convention Center, Miami Beach, Florida, U.S.



18
Win
18–0
 Johnny Gant
TKO
8 (12), 2:57
Jan 11, 1979
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.



17
Win
17–0
 Armando Muniz
RTD
6 (10), 3:00
Dec 9, 1978
 Civic Center, Springfield, Massachusetts, U.S.



16
Win
16–0
 Bernardo Prada
UD
10
Nov 3, 1978
 Cumberland County Civic Center, Portland, Maine, U.S.



15
Win
15–0
 Randy Shields
UD
10
Oct 6, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



14
Win
14–0
 Floyd Mayweather Sr.
TKO
10 (10), 2:16
Sep 9, 1978
 Civic Center, Providence, Rhode Island, U.S.



13
Win
13–0
 Dicky Eklund
UD
10
Jul 18, 1978
 John B. Hynes Memorial Auditorium, Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.



12
Win
12–0
 Rafael Rodriguez
UD
10
Jun 3, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



11
Win
11–0
 Randy Milton
TKO
8 (10), 2:55
May 13, 1978
 Memorial Auditorium, Utica, New York, U.S.



10
Win
10–0
 Bobby Haymon
RTD
3 (10)
Apr 13, 1978
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.



9
Win
9–0
 Javier Muniz
KO
1 (8), 2:45
Mar 19, 1978
 Veterans Memorial Coliseum, New Haven, Connecticut, U.S.



8
Win
8–0
 Art McKnight
TKO
7 (8), 1:52
Mar 1, 1978
 Hara Arena, Dayton, Ohio, U.S.



7
Win
7–0
 Rocky Ramon
UD
8
Feb 4, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



6
Win
6–0
 Hector Diaz
KO
2 (8), 2:20
Dec 17, 1977
 D.C. Armory, Washington, D.C., U.S.



5
Win
5–0
 Augustin Estrada
KO
6 (8), 1:54
Nov 5, 1977
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



4
Win
4–0
 Frank Santore
KO
5 (8), 2:55
Sep 24, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



3
Win
3–0
 Vinnie DeBarros
TKO
3 (6), 1:59
Jun 10, 1977
 Civic Center, Hartford, Connecticut, U.S.



2
Win
2–0
 Willie Rodriguez
UD
6
May 14, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



1
Win
1–0
 Luis Vega
UD
6
Feb 5, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.
Professional debut


Media appearances[edit]




Leonard signs autographs at a Tristar Productions sports collectors show in Houston in January 2014.


Leonard has worked as a boxing analyst for ABC, CBS, NBC, ESPN, HBO and EPIX. His relationship with HBO lasted for more than a decade. It ended in 1990, after HBO was not offered an opportunity to bid on the telecast rights to Leonard's fight with Terry Norris. HBO believed it would be inappropriate for Leonard to continue with them if they couldn't bid on his fights. Leonard's attorney, Mike Trainer, said, "There never has been a linkage between his broadcasting and his fighting."[79]
Leonard has provided commercial endorsements for companies including Coca-Cola, EA Sports, Ford, Nabisco, Revlon and 7 Up. His most famous commercial was a 7 Up ad he did with his son, Ray Jr., Roberto Durán and Durán's son Roberto Jr. in the early 1980s.[80][81] Leonard is among the most sought-after motivational/inspirational speakers in the world today. His speech, entitled "Power" (Prepare, Overcome and Win Every Round), is consistently booked with major Fortune 500 companies throughout the United States and abroad.[82]
Leonard has also worked as an actor. He has appeared in numerous television shows, including Half & Half, L.A. Heat, Married... with Children, Renegade and Tales From The Crypt. He has also appeared in several movies, including I Spy and most recently The Fighter (2010), starring Christian Bale and Mark Wahlberg. This movie brought back memories of his fight with Dicky Eklund. He also worked as an adviser in the 2011 robot boxing film Real Steel. Leonard served as host and mentor to the aspiring fighters on The Contender. Sylvester Stallone, who co-hosted during the first season, was one of the executive producers, along with Mark Burnett. When Leonard left the show, he was replaced as host by Tony Danza for the final season.[83]
In 2001, Leonard launched Sugar Ray Leonard Boxing Inc., a boxing promotional company, and announced the company's strategic partnership with ESPN. Together, Leonard and ESPN would produce and promote "Sugar Ray Leonard and ESPN II Presents Friday Night Fights", which would air the first Friday of every month for twelve months.[84] Leonard's boxing promotional company was dissolved in 2004. He had a falling out with partner Bjorn Rebney, whom he called "a cancer in my company."[85] Speaking of his promotional company, Leonard said, "We did some great shows with evenly matched fights. I took great pride in it. But the TV show came about and made my decision a lot easier. I already had it in the back of my mind to dissolve the company. The working environment was not healthy."[86]
Leonard competed on season 12 of Dancing with the Stars, which premiered on Monday, March 21, 2011, on ABC. His partner was Anna Trebunskaya. He was voted off in Week 4 of the show.[87][88] During his appearance on The Colbert Report in 2011, Leonard was defeated by host Stephen Colbert in a thumb wrestling contest.[89] He appeared as a guest at the chef's table, along with Tito Ortiz, during the tenth season of Hell's Kitchen. He is the celebrity spokesperson for the Atlanta law firm John Foy and Associates, PC.
Leonard was also the subject of a Seinfeld episode (season 6, episode 22) where George tries to flatter his boss by saying he looks like Sugar Ray Leonard. The real Leonard (a Seinfeld fan) mentioned that he was told about the episode by friends and family, but had never seen it for himself until a friend gave him the DVD set for a gift.
Personal life[edit]
Family[edit]
Leonard married his high school sweetheart, Juanita Wilkinson, in January 1980. Their six-year-old son, Ray Jr., served as the ring bearer.[90] In 1984, they had another son, Jarrell.[91]
They were divorced in 1990. During divorce proceedings, Juanita Leonard testified that her husband physically abused her while under the influence of alcohol. She also said he was an occasional cocaine user. In his testimony, Leonard confirmed his wife's claims and went on to reveal that the problems of their marriage were not due to drug and alcohol use.[92]
After the Los Angeles Times broke the story, Leonard held a press conference and publicly acknowledged that the accusations were true. He said he started using after he retired in 1982, following surgery to repair a detached retina. "I wanted more", Leonard said. "I wanted that arena. I didn't want anyone to tell me my career had to end."
"I decided to search for a substitute...I resorted to cocaine. I used when I felt bad, I used when I missed competing at that level", he said. "It was a crutch, something that enabled me to forget."
He said he quit using drugs in early 1986, when he woke up one morning and "what I saw in the mirror was scary."
"I can never erase the pain or the scars I have made through my stupidity, my selfishness", Leonard said. "All I can do is say I'm sorry, but that is not enough."[93]
In 2011, Sugar Ray revealed in an NPR broadcast that he had been free of alcohol since July 2006.
In 1989, Leonard was introduced to Bernadette Robi by Kenny G at a Luther Vandross concert. Robi is the daughter of Paul Robi, one of the original Platters and she is the ex-wife of Lynn Swann.
Leonard and Robi were married at Leonard's $8.7 million estate in Pacific Palisades, California in August 1993. At the wedding ceremony, the grounds were converted into a garden with 10,000 roses and blossoms of other flowers flown in from the Netherlands.[94]
Leonard is also the godfather of Khloé Kardashian and has appeared on many episodes of Keeping Up With The Kardashians.
Charity work[edit]
For many years, Leonard has been the International Chairman of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation's Walk for a Cure and is actively involved in raising both awareness and funds.
Leonard testified before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs in 2009. The Senate hearing was titled "Type 1 Diabetes Research: Real Progress and Real Hope for a Cure." He testified about the burden of diabetes and the need for continued research funding to find a cure.[95]
Leonard and his wife, Bernadette, founded the Sugar Ray Leonard Foundation to support the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and its annual Walk for a Cure. In 2009, the foundation expanded to support programs that help people rebuild their communities in ten cities across the United States. It supports accessible housing, healthcare services, and educational services and job training.
In 2007 he was awarded The Ambassador Award of Excellence by the LA Sports & Entertainment Commission at the Riviera Country Club for his continued community involvement.[96]
Molestation[edit]
In his autobiography The Big Fight: My Life in and out of the Ring, published in June 2011, Leonard reveals that as a young boxer he was the victim of sexual abuse from an Olympic trainer as well as another man, a benefactor.[97] He has since made public appearances to bring attention to the issue of child sex abuse, declaring himself a "poster child" for the cause and encouraging victims to report their abuse.[98]
See also[edit]

List of lineal boxing world champions
List of welterweight boxing champions
List of light middleweight boxing champions
List of middleweight boxing champions
List of undisputed boxing champions
List of WBA world champions
List of WBC world champions
List of WBO world champions
List of The Ring world champions
List of boxing quintuple champions
Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Roberto Durán II
Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Thomas Hearns

References[edit]


^ a b c d "Sugar Ray Leonard". sports-reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Retrieved 5 September 2014. 
^ "The Lineal Boxing World Champions". Cyber Boxing Zone. 
^ http://www.skysports.com/boxing/news/12066/9949701/our-fives-favorite-five
^ http://rossboxing.com/2015/01/21/fabulous-four-hagler-hearns-duran-leonard/
^ "Sugar Ray was ring artist". Sports.espn.go.com. 2006-07-11. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "ESPN 50 Greatest Boxers of All Time". Sports.espn.go.com. 1994-11-05. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Mark Grossinger Etess Award". Boxrec.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 5, The Big Fight: My Life In and Out of the Ring by Sugar Ray Leonard ISBN 0452298040
^ Nack, William (26 November 1979). "Sugar Sure Is Sweet". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 17 July 2011. 
^ see page 1, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette June 17, 1980". News.google.com. 1980-06-17. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 7 & 8, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Edited by Gay Flood (1979-12-10). "Sports Illustrated December 10, 1979". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Iole, Kevin (2008-08-20). "One USA Boxing team stands above the rest by Kevin Iole". Sports.yahoo.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 42 & 43, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Pat Putnam (1976-08-09). "Sports Illustrated August 9, 1976". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard". Cyber Boxing Zone. 1956-05-17. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 33, 34 & 43 Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Sarasota Herald-Tribune August 6, 1976". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 63, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ see pages 65–68, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Pat Putnam (1977-02-14). "Sports Illustrated, February 14, 1977". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 75, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ see page 93, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Lewiston Evening Journal, October 7, 1978". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Soured Floyd". The Evening Independent. 
^ "The Spokesman-Review, August 13, 1979". News.google.com. 1979-08-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Star-News, September 29, 1979". News.google.com. 1979-09-29. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ William Nack (1979-12-10). "Sports Illustrated, December 12, 1979". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sarasota Herald Tribune, April 2, 1980". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ a b William Nack (1980-06-30). "Sports Illustrated". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard regains welterweight title". Daytona Beach Morning Journal. 1980-06-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ "The 'Noblest Savage' won the fight". The Dispatch. 1980-06-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ The Spokesman-Review September 11, 1980
^ William Nack (1980-12-08). "Sports Illustrated, December 8, 1980". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "How Sweet It Is!". Ocala Star-Banner. 1980-11-26. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ Roberto Duran Speaks: The Untold Story Is Finally Revealed!, Bill Brubaker, New York Daily News, 1981
^ "No Mas: My Version". Thesweetscience.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ William Nack (1980-12-08). "Sports Illustrated, December 8, 1980". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-04-06). "Sports Illustrated, April 6, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-07-06). "Sports Illustrated, July 6, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Ayub Kalule vs. Sugar Ray Leonard – Boxrec Boxing Encyclopaedia". Boxrec.com. Retrieved 2012-06-21. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-09-28). "Sports Illustrated, September 28, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ [1] Showtime, "The 12 Greatest Rounds of Boxing: The Untold Stories"
^ "Herald-Journal, January 16, 1982". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1982-03-01). "Sports Illustrated, March 1, 1982". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1982-05-24). "Sports Illustrated, May 24, 1982". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Fort Scott Tribune, November 10, 1982". News.google.com. 1982-11-10. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Times-News, December 12, 1983". News.google.com. 1983-12-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sarasota Herald-Tribune, February 15, 1984". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Miami News, May 10, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-05-10. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Courier, May 13, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-05-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "After A Year's Prefight, Bell Tolls For These". Articles.sun-sentinel.com. 1987-04-05. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Leonard's memories the stuff of legends". Sports.espn.go.com. 2007-03-06. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Sugar Ray...Still In Style, Nigel Collins, The Ring August 1987
^ Berkow, Ira (1987-04-09). "New York Times, April 9, 1987". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Hugh McIlvanney (1987-04-20). "Sports Illustrated, April 20, 1987". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Exposed Him, Jim Murray, 1987". News.google.com. 1987-04-08. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Anderson, Dave (1987-05-28). "New York Times, May 28, 1987". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ [2] HBO "Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Donny Lalonde"
^ "New Sunday Times, October 21, 1988". News.google.com. 1988-10-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Anderson, Dave (1988-11-06). "The New York Times, November 6, 1988". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1988-11-08). "The New York Times, November 8, 1988". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Pittsburgh Press, June 9, 1989". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1989-06-19). "Sports Illustrated, June 19, 1989". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1989-07-27). "The New York Times, July 27, 1989". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1989-12-18). "Sports Illustrated, December 18, 1989". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ The Item December 9, 1989
^ "Gainesville Sun, January 19, 1990". News.google.com. 1990-01-19. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Rick Telander (1990-07-02). "Sports Illustrated, July 2, 1990". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1991-02-08). "New York Times, February 8, 1991". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1991-02-18). "Sports Illustrated, February 18, 1991". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Brown, Clifton (1997-02-26). "The New York Times, February 26, 1997". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Brown, Clifton (1997-02-27). "The New York Times, February 27, 1997". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Victoria Advocate, January 15, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-01-15. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Southern Missourian, March 3, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-03-03. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "New Straits Times, March 8, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-03-08. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Idaho Spokesman-Review, January 12, 1998". News.google.com. 1998-01-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Daily Press, October 16, 1990". Pqasb.pqarchiver.com. 1990-10-16. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Cavalier Daily, April 30, 1982". News.google.com. 1982-04-30. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Sugar Ray Leonard 7 Up commercial on YouTube
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard Biography about.com". Realitytv.about.com. 2011-05-26. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ The Contender on IMDb
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard Back in the Ring with ESPN Friday Night Fights". Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on 2012-07-09. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Rafael, Dan (2004-10-19). "Leonard's promotion business down for count". USA Today. 
^ Rafael, Dan (2004-10-19). "USA Today, October 19, 2004". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "People: Sugar Ray departs 'Dancing With the Stars' | Dallas-Fort Worth Celebrity News – Entertainment News for Dallas, Texas – The Dallas Morning News". Dallasnews.com. 2011-04-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "'I put up a good fight': Sugar Ray Leonard is voted off Dancing With The Stars | Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. 2011-04-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "November 03, 2011 - Nathan Wolfe - The Colbert Report - Full Episode Video | Comedy Central". Colbertnation.com. 2011-10-31. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Spokesman-Review, January 21, 1980". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Anchorage Daily News, June 15, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-06-15. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Messner, Michael; Solomon, William (June 1, 1993). "Outside the Frame: Newspaper Coverage of the Sugar Ray Leonard Wife Abuse Story.". Sociology of Sport Journal. 10 (2): 119–134. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Daily News. 1991-03-31 https://news.google.com/newspapers?id=2hAbAAAAIBAJ&sjid=FEgEAAAAIBAJ&pg=6730,6962641&dq=sugar+ray+leonard+juanita+divorce&hl=en. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Duran wanted "no mas" of Leonard". Espn.go.com. 2003-11-19. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard's Testimony before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs". Jdrf.org. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Galluzzo, Steve (May 15, 2007). "Pacific Palisades -- Palisades-Post". palisadespost.com. Pacific Palisades, California, USA: Pacific Palisades Post. Retrieved July 21, 2012. 
^ In Book, Sugar Ray Leonard Says Coach Sexually Abused Him
^ Iole, Kevin. Sugar Ray Leonard proves himself a beacon of strength in the fight against child sex abuse. Yahoo! Sports. October 29, 2012. Retrieved October 30, 2012.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Sugar Ray Leonard.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Sugar Ray Leonard



Official website
Professional boxing record for Sugar Ray Leonard from BoxRec
Sugar Ray Leonard's Amateur Boxing Record
Sugar Ray Leonard in-depth interview about alcohol, cocaine, and being a champion



Sporting positions


Amateur boxing titles


Previous:
James Busceme
U.S. Golden Gloves lightweight champion
1973
Next:
Curtis Harris


Previous:
Larry Bonds
U.S. Golden Gloves light welterweight champion
1974
Next:
Paul Sherry


Previous:
Randy Shields
U.S. light welterweight champion
1974, 1975
Next:
Milton Seward


Regional boxing titles


Preceded by
Pete Ranzany
NABF welterweight champion
August 12, 1979 – November 30, 1979
Won WBC title
Vacant
Title next held by
Randy Shields


World boxing titles


Preceded by
Wilfred Benítez
WBC welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980
Succeeded by
Roberto Durán


The Ring welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980


Lineal welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980


Preceded by
Roberto Durán
WBC welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Milton McCrory


The Ring welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Donald Curry


Lineal welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired


Preceded by
Ayub Kalule
WBA light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 1981
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Tadashi Mihara


The Ring light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 22, 1981
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Thomas Hearns


Lineal light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 22, 1981
Vacated


Preceded by
Thomas Hearns
WBA welterweight champion
September 16, 1981 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Donald Curry


Vacant
Title last held by
José Nápoles
Undisputed welterweight champion
September 16, 1981 – November 9, 1982
Retired


Preceded by
Marvin Hagler
WBC middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Thomas Hearns


The Ring middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Sumbu Kalambay


Lineal middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Michael Nunn


New title
WBC super middleweight champion
November 7, 1988 – August 27, 1990
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Mauro Galvano


Preceded by
Donny Lalonde
WBC light heavyweight champion
November 7, 1988 – November 17, 1988
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Dennis Andries


Awards


Previous:
Matthew Saad Muhammad vs. Yaqui López II
The Ring Fight of the Year
vs. Thomas Hearns
1981
Next:
Bobby Chacon vs. Rafael Limón IV


Previous:
U.S. Olympic Hockey Team
Wide World of Sports Athlete of the Year
1981
Next:
Wayne Gretzky


Previous:
Steve Cruz vs. Barry McGuigan
The Ring Fight of the Year
vs. Marvin Hagler
1987
Next:
Tony Lopez vs. Rocky Lockridge


Previous:
Lloyd Honeyghan
KO6 Donald Curry
The Ring Upset of the Year
SD12 Marvin Hagler
1987
Next:
Iran Barkley
TKO3 Thomas Hearns


Previous:
Inaugural award
Mark Grossinger Etess Award
for Boxer of the Decade
1980–1989
Next:
Award discontinued








v
t
e


Olympic boxing champions – men's light welterweight




1952–2000: 60–63.5 kg, 2004-2012: 60–64 kg







1952:  Charles Adkins (USA)
1956:  Vladimir Yengibaryan (URS)
1960:  Bohumil Němeček (TCH)
1964:  Jerzy Kulej (POL)
1968:  Jerzy Kulej (POL)
1972:  Ray Seales (USA)
1976:  Ray Leonard (USA)
1980:  Patrizio Oliva (ITA)
1984:  Jerry Page (USA)
1988:  Vyacheslav Yanovskiy (URS)
1992:  Héctor Vinent (CUB)
1996:  Héctor Vinent (CUB)
2000:  Mahammatkodir Abdullaev (UZB)
2004:  Manus Boonjumnong (THA)
2008:  Manuel Félix Díaz (DOM)
2012:  Roniel Iglesias (CUB)
2016:  Fazliddin Gaibnazarov (UZB)













v
t
e


Pan American Boxing Champions in Men's Light Welterweight






1951 – 1999: up to 63.5 kg
2003 – 2011: up to 64 kg








1951: Oscar Pietta (ARG)
1955: Juan Carlos Rivero (ARG)
1959: Vincent Shomo (USA)
1963: Adolfo Moreyra (ARG)
1967: James Wallington (USA)
1971: Enrique Regüeiferos (CUB)
1975: Ray Leonard (USA)
1979: Lemuel Steeples (USA)
1983 – 1987: Candelario Duvergel (CUB)
1991: Stevie Johnston (USA)
1995: Walter Crucce (ARG)
1999: Victor Hugo Castro (ARG)
2003: Patrick López (VEN)
2007: Karl Dargan (USA)
2011: Roniel Iglesias (CUB)
2015: Arthur Biyarslanov (CAN)












v
t
e


Sports Illustrated Sportsperson of the Year






1954: Roger Bannister
1955: Johnny Podres
1956: Bobby Morrow
1957: Stan Musial
1958: Rafer Johnson
1959: Ingemar Johansson
1960: Arnold Palmer
1961: Jerry Lucas
1962: Terry Baker
1963: Pete Rozelle
1964: Ken Venturi
1965: Sandy Koufax
1966: Jim Ryun
1967: Carl Yastrzemski
1968: Bill Russell
1969: Tom Seaver
1970: Bobby Orr
1971: Lee Trevino
1972: Billie Jean King & John Wooden
1973: Jackie Stewart
1974: Muhammad Ali
1975: Pete Rose
1976: Chris Evert
1977: Steve Cauthen
1978: Jack Nicklaus
1979: Terry Bradshaw & Willie Stargell
1980: U.S. Olympic Hockey Team
1981: Sugar Ray Leonard
1982: Wayne Gretzky
1983: Mary Decker
1984: Edwin Moses & Mary Lou Retton
1985: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
1986: Joe Paterno
1987: Bob Bourne, Judi Brown King, Kipchoge Keino, Dale Murphy, Chip Rives, Patty Sheehan, Rory Sparrow, & Reggie Williams
1988: Orel Hershiser
1989: Greg LeMond
1990: Joe Montana
1991: Michael Jordan
1992: Arthur Ashe
1993: Don Shula
1994: Bonnie Blair & Johann Olav Koss
1995: Cal Ripken Jr.
1996: Tiger Woods
1997: Dean Smith
1998: Mark McGwire & Sammy Sosa
1999: U.S. Women's Soccer Team
2000: Tiger Woods
2001: Curt Schilling & Randy Johnson
2002: Lance Armstrong
2003: David Robinson & Tim Duncan
2004: Boston Red Sox
2005: Tom Brady
2006: Dwyane Wade
2007: Brett Favre
2008: Michael Phelps
2009: Derek Jeter
2010: Drew Brees
2011: Mike Krzyzewski & Pat Summitt
2012: LeBron James
2013: Peyton Manning
2014: Madison Bumgarner
2015: Serena Williams
2016: LeBron James












v
t
e


1976 USA Olympic Boxing Team



Athletes



Luis Curtis
Leo Randolph
Charles Mooney
David Armstrong
Howard Davis Jr.
Sugar Ray Leonard
Clinton Jackson
Chuck Walker
Michael Spinks
Leon Spinks
John Tate










Coaches

—










v
t
e


The Ring magazine Fighter of the Year






1928: Tunney
1929: Loughran
1930: Schmeling
1931: Loughran
1932: Sharkey
1933: No award
1934: Canzoneri & Ross
1935: Ross
1936: Louis
1937: Armstrong
1938: Louis
1939: Louis
1940: Conn
1941: Louis
1942: Robinson
1943: Apostoli
1944: Jack
1945: Pep
1946: Zale
1947: Lesnevich
1948: Williams
1949: Charles
1950: Charles
1951: Robinson
1952: Marciano
1953: Olson
1954: Marciano
1955: Marciano
1956: Patterson
1957: Basilio
1958: Johansson
1959: Johansson
1960: Patterson
1961: Brown
1962: Tiger
1963: Clay
1964: Griffith
1965: Tiger
1966: Ali
1967: Frazier
1968: Benvenuti
1969: Nápoles
1970: Frazier
1971: Frazier
1972: Ali & Monzón
1973: Foreman
1974: Ali
1975: Ali
1976: Foreman
1977: Zárate
1978: Ali
1979: Leonard
1980: Hearns
1981: Leonard & Sánchez
1982: Holmes
1983: Hagler
1984: Hearns
1985: Hagler & Curry
1986: Tyson
1987: Holyfield
1988: Tyson
1989: Whitaker
1990: Chávez
1991: Toney
1992: Bowe
1993: Carbajal
1994: Jones, Jr.
1995: De La Hoya
1996: Holyfield
1997: Holyfield
1998: Mayweather, Jr.
1999: Ayala
2000: Trinidad
2001: Hopkins
2002: Forrest
2003: Toney
2004: Johnson
2005: Hatton
2006: Pacquiao
2007: Mayweather, Jr.
2008: Pacquiao
2009: Pacquiao
2010: Martínez
2011: Ward
2012: Márquez
2013: Stevenson
2014: Kovalev
2015: Fury
2016: Frampton












v
t
e


Sugar Ray Robinson Award






1938: Dempsey
1939: Conn
1940: Armstrong
1941: Louis
1942: Ross
1943: Boxers of the Armed Forces
1944: B. Leonard
1945: Walker
1946: Zale
1947: Lesnevich
1948: Williams
1949: Charles
1950: Robinson
1951: Walcott
1952: Marciano
1953: Gavilán
1954: Olson
1955: Basilio
1956: Patterson
1957: Basilio
1958: Moore
1959: Johansson
1960: Patterson
1961: Fullmer
1962: Tiger
1963: Griffith
1964: Pastrano
1965: Ali
1966: Tiger
1967: Ortiz
1968: Foster
1969: Frazier
1970: Buchanan
1971: Frazier
1972: Monzón
1973: Foreman
1974: Ali
1975: Ali & Frazier
1976: Davis Jr., S. R. Leonard, Randolph, L. Spinks & M. Spinks
1977: Norton
1978: Holmes
1979: S. R. Leonard
1980: Hearns
1981: S. R. Leonard
1982: Pryor
1983: Hagler
1984: Hearns
1985: Hagler
1986: Tyson
1987: Chávez
1988: Tyson
1989: Whitaker
1990: Holyfield
1991: Toney
1992: Bowe
1993: Whitaker
1994: Foreman
1995: De La Hoya
1996: Holyfield
1997: Holyfield
1998: Mosley
1999: Lewis
2000: Trinidad
2001: Hopkins
2002: Forrest
2003: Toney
2004: Johnson
2005: Hatton
2006: Pacquiao
2007: Mayweather Jr.
2008: Pacquiao
2009: Pacquiao
2010: Martínez
2011: Ward
2012: Donaire
2013: Mayweather Jr.
2014: Crawford
2015: Mayweather Jr.
2016: Frampton









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 40715699
LCCN: n82049374
ISNI: 0000 0000 2681 963X
GND: 11888641X










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sugar_Ray_Leonard&oldid=789458384"					
Categories: 1956 birthsLiving peopleAfrican-American boxersAfrican-American male actorsBoxers at the 1976 Summer OlympicsAmerican boxing promotersInternational Boxing Hall of Fame inducteesLight-middleweight boxersLight-heavyweight boxersMiddleweight boxersPan American Games gold medalists for the United StatesOlympic boxers of the United StatesOlympic gold medalists for the United States in boxingMedalists at the 1976 Summer OlympicsParticipants in American reality television seriesSuper-middleweight boxersWorld Boxing Association championsWorld Boxing Council championsWorld Boxing Organization championsWelterweight boxersWinners of the United States Championship for amateur boxersSportspeople from Washington, D.C.Sportspeople from Wilmington, North CarolinaPeople from Palmer Park, MarylandAmerican male boxersThe Ring magazine championsWorld welterweight boxing championsWorld light-middleweight boxing championsWorld middleweight boxing championsWorld super-middleweight boxing championsWorld light-heavyweight boxing championsPan American Games medalists in boxingLight-welterweight boxersLightweight boxersNational Golden Gloves championsBoxers from North CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2017Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaBoxRec template with ID different from WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilge한국어IdoItalianoעבריתLatviešuMalagasyNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaไทยУкраїнськаWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:20.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Sugar Ray Leonard - Wikipedia






















 






Sugar Ray Leonard

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Sugar Ray Leonard



Leonard in 2007



Statistics


Real name
Ray Charles Leonard[1]


Nickname(s)
Sugar


Weight(s)



Welterweight
Light middleweight
Middleweight
Super middleweight
Light heavyweight





Height
5 ft 10 in (178 cm)


Reach
74 in (188 cm)


Nationality
American


Born
(1956-05-17) May 17, 1956 (age 61)[1]
Wilmington, North Carolina, U.S.[1]


Stance
Orthodox


Boxing record


Total fights
40


Wins
36


Wins by KO
25


Losses
3


Draws
1




Medal record



Men's amateur boxing


Representing  United States


Olympic Games



1976 Montreal
Light welterweight


Pan American Games



1975 Mexico City
Light welterweight







Ray Charles Leonard (born May 17, 1956), best known as "Sugar" Ray Leonard, is an American former professional boxer, motivational speaker, and occasional actor. Often regarded as one of the greatest boxers of all time, he competed from 1977 to 1997, winning world titles in five weight divisions; the lineal championship in three weight divisions;[2] as well as the undisputed welterweight title.[3] Leonard was part of "The Fabulous Four",[4] a group of boxers who all fought each other throughout the 1980s, consisting of himself, Roberto Durán, Thomas Hearns and Marvin Hagler.
"The Fabulous Four" created a wave of popularity in the lower weight classes that kept boxing relevant in the post-Muhammad Ali era, during which Leonard defeated future fellow International Boxing Hall of Fame inductees Hearns, Durán, Hagler, and Wilfred Benítez.[5][6] Leonard was also the first boxer to earn more than $100 million in purses, and was named "Boxer of the Decade" in the 1980s.[7] The Ring magazine named him Fighter of the Year in 1979 and 1981, while the Boxing Writers Association of America (BWAA) named him Fighter of the Year in 1976, 1979, and 1981.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Amateur career

2.1 Achievements


3 Change in plans
4 Professional career

4.1 Early professional career
4.2 First world title

4.2.1 Leonard vs. Benitez
4.2.2 Leonard vs. Green


4.3 The Brawl in Montreal
4.4 Revenge in New Orleans
4.5 Second world title

4.5.1 Leonard vs. Bonds
4.5.2 Leonard vs. Kalule


4.6 The Showdown


5 Retirement and return

5.1 The Super Fight
5.2 Another comeback

5.2.1 Leonard v Lalonde
5.2.2 Leonard v Hearns
5.2.3 Leonard v Duran
5.2.4 Leonard v Norris


5.3 The last comeback


6 Professional boxing record
7 Media appearances
8 Personal life

8.1 Family
8.2 Charity work
8.3 Molestation


9 See also
10 References
11 External links



Early life[edit]
Leonard, the fifth of seven children of Cicero and Getha Leonard, was born in Wilmington, North Carolina.[1] He was named after Ray Charles, his mother's favorite singer.[8] The family moved to Washington, D.C., when he was three, and they settled permanently in Palmer Park, Maryland when he was ten. His father worked as a supermarket night manager and his mother was a nurse. He attended Parkdale High School, Leonard was a shy child, and aside from the time he nearly drowned in a creek during a flood in Seat Pleasant, Maryland, his childhood was uneventful. He stayed home a lot, reading comic books and playing with his dog. His mother said: "He never did talk too much. We never could tell what he was thinking. But I never had any problems with him. I never had to go to school once because of him."[9]
Amateur career[edit]
Leonard started boxing at the Palmer Park Recreation Center in 1969. His older brother, Roger, started boxing first. Roger helped start the boxing program, urging the center's director, Ollie Dunlap, to form a team. Dave Jacobs, a former boxer, and Janks Morton volunteered as boxing coaches. Roger won some trophies and showed them off in front of Ray, goading him to start boxing.
In 1972, Leonard boxed in the featherweight quarterfinals of the National AAU Tournament, losing by decision to Jerome Artis. It was his first defeat. Later that year, he boxed in the Eastern Olympic Trials. The rules stated that a boxer had to be seventeen to box in international competition, so Leonard, only sixteen, lied about his age.[10] He made it to the lightweight semifinals, losing a disputed decision to Greg Whaley, who took such a beating that he wasn't allowed to continue in the trials and never boxed again.[11]
Sarge Johnson, assistant coach of the U.S. Olympic Boxing Team, said to Dave Jacobs, "That kid you got is sweet as sugar". The nickname stuck. However, given his style and first name, it was probably only a matter of time before people started calling him Sugar Ray, after the man many consider to be the best boxer of all time, Sugar Ray Robinson.[12]
In 1973, Leonard won the National Golden Gloves Lightweight Championship, but lost to Randy Shields in the lightweight final of the National AAU Tournament. The following year, Leonard won the National Golden Gloves and National AAU Lightweight Championships. Leonard suffered his last two losses as an amateur in 1974. He lost a disputed decision to Anatoli Kamnev in Moscow, after which, Kamnev gave the winner's trophy to Leonard. In Poland, Kazimierz Szczerba was given a decision victory over Leonard, even though he was dominated in the first two rounds and dropped three times in the third.[13]
Leonard won the National Golden Gloves and National AAU Light Welterweight Championships in 1974. The following year, he again won the National AAU Light Welterweight Championship, as well as the Light Welterweight Championship at the Pan American Games.
In 1976, Leonard made the U.S. Olympic Team as the light welterweight representative. The team also included Leon and Michael Spinks, Howard Davis, Jr., Leo Randolph, Charles Mooney, and John Tate. Many consider the 1976 U.S. team to be the greatest boxing team in the history of the Olympics.[14] Leonard won his first four Olympic bouts by 5–0 decisions. He faced Kazimierz Szczerba in the semifinals and won by a 5–0 decision, avenging his last amateur loss.
In the final, Leonard boxed the great Cuban knockout artist Andrés Aldama, who scored five straight knockouts to reach the final. Leonard landed several good left hooks in the first round. In the second, he dropped Aldama with a left to the chin. Late in the final round, he again hurt Aldama, which brought a standing eight count from the referee.
With only a few seconds left in the fight, a Leonard combination forced another standing eight count. Leonard was awarded a 5–0 decision and the Olympic Gold Medal. Afterward, Leonard announced, "I'm finished...I've fought my last fight. My journey has ended, my dream is fulfilled. Now I want to go to school." He was given a scholarship to the University of Maryland, a gift from the citizens of Glenarden, Maryland. He planned to study business administration and communications.[15] He finished his amateur career with a record of 145–5 and 75 KO's.[16]
Achievements[edit]

1973 National Golden Gloves Lightweight Champion, defeating Hilmer Kenty.
1973 National AAU Light Welterweight Championship runner-up, losing to Randy Shields.
1974 National Golden Gloves Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Jeff Lemeir.
1974 National AAU Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Paul Sherry.
1974 North American Championships Gold Medalist, defeating Robert Proulx.
1975 National AAU Light Welterweight Champion, defeating Milton Seward.
1975 North American Championships Gold Medalist, defeating Michel Briere.
1975 Pan American Games Light Welterweight Gold Medalist, defeating Victor Corona.
1976 Olympic Light Welterweight Gold Medalist, defeating Andrés Aldama.


Olympic Results


Defeated Ulf Carlsson (Sweden) points 5–0
Defeated Valery Limassov (Soviet Union) points 5–0
Defeated Clinton McKenzie (Great Britain) points 5–0
Defeated Ulrich Beyer (East Germany) points 5–0
Defeated Kazimierz Szczerba (Poland) points 5–0
Defeated Andrés Aldama (Cuba) points 5–0[17]

Change in plans[edit]
Juanita Wilkinson, Leonard's high school girlfriend, told him she was pregnant in the summer of 1973. They decided to have the baby but marriage would be put off until after the Olympics in 1976. Leonard would continue to pursue his Olympic dream while she and the baby, Ray Charles Leonard, Jr., lived with her parents. When Leonard boxed in the Olympics, he had a picture of Wilkinson taped to his sock.
Shortly before the Olympics, Wilkinson had filed an application to receive $156 a month in child support payments from Prince George's County. She named Leonard as the father and the county's state attorney's office filed a civil suit against Leonard to establish paternity and get support payments for the child. Leonard learned of the suit several days after returning home from the Olympics. The headline in the Washington Star read, "Sugar Ray Leonard Named in Welfare Dept. Paternity Suit".[18]
Wilkinson went to the Olympics to watch Leonard box, but she did not tell him about the suit and never asked him for any money. "I didn't feel like being bothered by all those complications by asking him for any money for support", she said. Leonard pledged he would support his son, even if he had to scrap plans to attend college.[19]
Leonard had hoped to get lucrative endorsements following his gold medal win, but the negative publicity from the paternity suit chased off any big commercial possibilities. To make matters worse, his father was hospitalized with meningitis and his mother suffered a heart attack. With neither parent able to work, with his child and the mother of his child to support, and without any endorsement opportunities, Leonard decided to become a professional boxer.[20]
Professional career[edit]
Early professional career[edit]
When Leonard decided to turn professional, Janks Morton introduced him to Mike Trainer, a friend of his who was an attorney. Trainer talked 24 of his friends and clients into underwriting Leonard's career with an investment of $21,000 to be repaid within four years at 8% interest. Trainer then made Leonard the sole stockholder in Sugar Ray Leonard, Inc. Angelo Dundee, Muhammad Ali's trainer, was brought in to be Leonard's trainer and manager. Many of the people being considered wanted absolute control and a cut somewhere near the manager's traditional 33%. Dundee had a different proposition. Although he would prescribe the training procedures, he would leave the day-to-day work to Dave Jacobs and Janks Morton. He would also choose Leonard's opponents. For his services, Dundee would get 15% of Leonard's purse.[21]
Leonard made his professional debut on February 5, 1977 before a crowd of 10,270 at the Civic Center in Baltimore. He was paid $40,044 for the fight. His opponent was Luis "The Bull" Vega, whom he defeated by a six-round unanimous decision.[22] After the fight, Leonard paid back his $21,000 loan to the investors.[23]
In his fourteenth professional fight, Leonard fought his first world-ranked opponent, Floyd Mayweather, who was ranked seventeenth. The fight took place on September 9, 1978.[citation needed] Leonard won by a tenth-round knockout.[24] A month later, Leonard defeated his old amateur nemesis Randy Shields by a ten-round unanimous decision.[25][26]
On August 12, 1979, Leonard knocked out Pete Ranzany in four rounds to win the NABF Welterweight Championship.[27] The following month, he made his first title defense against Andy Price. Many felt that Price would give Leonard a tough fight, but Leonard took him out in the first round, advancing his record to 25–0 with 16 knockouts.[28]
First world title[edit]
Leonard vs. Benitez[edit]
Leonard fought Wilfred Benítez for the WBC Welterweight Championship on November 30, 1979, at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada. There was a capacity crowd of about 4,600. Leonard received $1 million and Benitez, a two-division champion with a record of 38–0–1, received $1.2 million.
It was a highly competitive and tactical battle. In the first round, Leonard rocked Benitez with a left hook that came off a jab and right cross. Late in the third, Leonard dropped Benitez on the seat of his pants with a stiff left jab. More embarrassed than hurt, Benitez got up quickly.
Benitez started to do better in the fourth, slipping numerous punches and finding the range with his right hand. "I wasn't aware I was in a championship early because I hit him so easy", Leonard said. "But then he adjusted to my style. It was like looking in a mirror".
In the sixth, there was an accidental clash of heads, which opened a cut on the forehead of Benitez. Blood flowed down his forehead and the bridge of his nose but stayed out of his eyes.
Leonard landed the harder punches and had Benitez hurt several times late in the fight, but Leonard couldn't put him away. Benitez was very slick. "No one, I mean no one, can make me miss punches like that", Leonard said.
Going into the final round, Leonard led by scores of 137–130, 137–133, and 136–134. The two went toe-to-toe in the fifteenth. Late in the round, Leonard dropped Benitez with a left. He got up, but after a few more punches, the referee stopped the fight. The time was 2:54 of round fifteen.[29]
The Boxing Writers Association of America and The Ring named Leonard "Fighter of the Year" for 1979.
Leonard vs. Green[edit]
Leonard made his first title defense in Landover, Maryland, on March 31, 1980. His opponent was Dave "Boy" Green. The British challenger had a record of 33–2. In the fourth round, Leonard knocked Green out with a devastating left hook. Leonard called it "the hardest single punch I ever threw."[30]
The Brawl in Montreal[edit]
On June 20, 1980, Leonard returned to the Olympic Stadium in Montreal to defend his title against Roberto Durán before a crowd of 46,317. Durán, the former Undisputed World Lightweight Champion for 6 1/2 years, had a record of 71–1 and was the #1 welterweight contender and considered the best "Pound for Pound" fighter in the world. Durán received $1.5 million and Leonard, working for a percentage of the closed-circuit gate as well as a guarantee, received over $9 million.
Angelo Dundee counseled Leonard to box, to move side to side and not to get caught on the ropes. However, Leonard decided to fight Durán's way. "Flat-footed", he said. "I will not run."[31]
Durán forced the issue and took the fight to Leonard, cutting off the ring and denying Leonard space to fight his fight. Durán attacked at almost every turn. Leonard battled back again and again, but he had to work just to find room to breathe and swing, at times simply to survive. In the second, Durán rocked Leonard with a left hook, sending him into the ropes. Leonard started to do better by the fifth round, finding some punching room and throwing numerous multi-punch combinations. The two fought with great intensity throughout the fight. According to Bill Nack:

It was, from almost the opening salvo, a fight that belonged to Durán. The Panamanian seized the evening and gave it what shape and momentum it had. He took control, attacking and driving Leonard against the ropes, bulling him back, hitting him with lefts and rights to the body as he maneuvered the champion against the ropes from corner to corner. Always moving forward, he mauled and wrestled Leonard, scoring inside with hooks and rights. For three rounds Durán drove at Sugar Ray with a fury, and there were moments when it seemed the fight could not last five. Unable to get away, unable to counter and unable to slide away to open up the ring, Leonard seemed almost helpless under the assault. Now and then he got loose and countered—left-right-left to Durán's bobbing head—but he missed punches and could not work inside, could not jab, could not mount an offense to keep Durán at bay.[31]

Durán was awarded a unanimous decision, although it was mistakenly read as a majority decision in the ring. The scorecard of judge Angelo Poletti was incorrectly added and announced as 147–147. He actually scored it 148–147. In rounds, he had it three for Durán, two for Leonard, and ten even. Sports Illustrated called his scorecard "a monument to indecision." Judges Raymond Baldeyrou and Harry Gibbs scored the fight 146–144 and 145–144, respectively. Associated Press had it 144–141 for Durán, while The New York Times had Leonard ahead 144–142.
"I did the best I could", Leonard said. "I think I pretty much fought from the heart." Asked if Leonard was the best he ever fought, Durán thought for a moment and then answered, "Si, si." Durán said. "He does have a heart. That's why he's living."[32][33]
Revenge in New Orleans[edit]
The rematch, billed as "Stone vs. Sugar.. Once Again", took place November 25, 1980 at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans in front of 25,038 fans. Leonard received $7 million and Durán received $8 million.
Dave Jacobs disagreed with the decision to have an immediate rematch with Durán and terminated his relationship with Leonard when the rematch was made. "My idea is that he should have a tuneup fight before he fights with Roberto again", Jacobs said. "I think he won the fight with Durán, but I don't think it is healthy for him to be fighting Durán right away".[34]
After the Montreal fight Durán went on a partying binge and ballooned in weight. Leonard was aware of this, and in an interview for Beyond the Glory he said: "My intention was to fight Durán ASAP because I knew Durán's habits. I knew he would indulge himself, he'd gain 40–50 lbs and then sweat it off to make 147." Unlike the fight in Montreal, Leonard used his superior speed and movement to outbox and befuddle Durán. "The whole fight, I was moving, I was moving", Leonard said. "And Voom! I snapped his head back with a jab. Voom! I snapped it back again. He tried to get me against the ropes, I'd pivot, spin off and Pow! Come under with a punch."
In round seven, Leonard started to taunt Durán. Leonard's most memorable punch came late in the round. Winding up his right hand, as if to throw a bolo punch, Leonard snapped out a left jab and caught Durán flush in the face. "It made his eyes water", Leonard said. He continued to taunt Durán mercilessly. He stuck out his chin, inviting Durán to hit it. Durán hesitated. Leonard kept it up, continuing to move, stop, and mug.
In the closing seconds of the eighth round, Durán turned his back to Leonard and quit, saying to referee Octavio Meyran, "No Mas." Leonard was the winner by a technical knockout at 2:44 of round eight, regaining the WBC Welterweight Championship. Leonard led by scores of 68–66, 68–66 and 67–66.[35]
Durán said he quit because of stomach cramps, caused by overeating after the weigh-in. "At the end of the fifth round, I got cramps in my stomach and it kept getting worse and worse", Duran later said. "I felt weaker and weaker in my body and arms." He then announced, "I am retiring from boxing right now." During the night Durán was admitted to a hospital with stomach pains, and discharged the following day.
Everyone was surprised by Durán's actions, none more so than his veteran trainers, Freddie Brown and Ray Arcel. "I was shocked", Brown said. "There was no indication that he was in pain or getting weak."[36] Arcel was angry. "That's it", he said. "I've had it. This is terrible. I've handled thousands of fighters and never had anyone quit on me. I think he needs a psychiatrist more than he needs anything else." Durán's manager, Carlos Eleta, said, "Durán didn't quit because of stomach cramps. He quit because he was embarrassed. I know this."[37] According to Randy Gordon, who witnessed Durán's antics beforehand and was in his dressing room immediately afterwards, Durán quit because of his huge eating binge prior to the fight.[38]
"I made him quit", Leonard said. "To make a man quit, to make Roberto Durán quit, was better than knocking him out."[39]
Second world title[edit]
Leonard vs. Bonds[edit]
On March 28, 1981, Leonard defended his title against Larry Bonds, the WBC sixth-ranked contender, at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse, New York. Bonds was a southpaw, which made him a good opponent for Leonard, given that his next opponent was scheduled to be the WBA Light Middleweight Champion Ayub Kalule, a southpaw.
Leonard was the aggressor throughout, with Bonds circling the ring. He staggered Bonds with a right in the fourth round and dropped him with a follow-up combination. Bonds got up and continued to move, with Leonard in pursuit. Leonard dropped him again in the tenth. Bonds rose but Leonard didn't let him off the hook. The referee stopped the fight with Bonds taking punishment in a corner.[40]
Leonard vs. Kalule[edit]
Leonard moved up to the junior middleweight division and faced Kalule on June 25, 1981 at the Astrodome in Houston, Texas. Kalule, who was 36–0, had been the WBA Light Middleweight Champion for two years.
Kalule and his handlers had expected Leonard to use lateral movement against him, but Leonard took the fight to Kalule. After eight tough rounds, Leonard was ahead although Kalule appeared to be coming on strong in the eight and ninth. Leonard finally hurt him with a right to the head. Shortly afterward, Leonard dropped him with a flurry of punches. Kalule got up but the referee waved it off. Leonard celebrated his victory with a full 360-degree, no-hands flip.[41] Despite an official stoppage time of 2.59, the fight was actually stopped at 3.06 into the round, meaning Kalule should have been saved by the bell.[42]
The Showdown[edit]
Main article: Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Thomas Hearns
Promoted as "The Showdown", Leonard fought Thomas Hearns on September 16, 1981 at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas to unify the World Welterweight Championship in a scheduled fifteen-rounder. They fought before a live crowd of 23,618. Hearns was paid $5.1 million, and Leonard made over $11 million. The fight grossed over $35 million. The live gate was $5.9 million, and the revenue from pay-per-view was $7.5 million.
Hearns, 32–0 with 30 knockouts, won the WBA Welterweight Championship in 1980, scoring a second-round knockout of José "Pipino" Cuevas in Detroit, Michigan. He made three successful title defenses, stopping Luis Primera, Randy Shields, and Pablo Baez.
The fight began as expected, Leonard boxing from a distance and Hearns stalking. Leonard had difficulty with Hearns' long reach and sharp jab. By the end of round five, Leonard had a growing swelling under his left eye, and Hearns had built a considerable lead on the scorecards. Leonard, becoming more aggressive, hurt Hearns in the sixth with a left hook to the chin. Leonard battered Hearns in rounds six and seven, but Hearns regrouped. Hearns started to stick and move, and he started to pile up points again. The roles reversed: Leonard became the stalker and Hearns became the boxer. The fight billed as a classic showdown between a powerful knockout artist and the best boxer/puncher the welterweight division had seen in decades devolved into a tactical and boring fight.
Hearns won rounds nine through twelve on all three scorecards. Between rounds twelve and thirteen, Angelo Dundee told Leonard, "You're blowing it, son! You're blowing it!".
Leonard, with a badly swollen left eye, came out roaring for the thirteenth round. After hurting Hearns with a right, Leonard exploded with a combination of punches. Hearns' legs were clearly gone and after more pressure from Leonard he was bundled through the ropes, no knockdown was given as it wasn't a punch that sent him there. Hearns managed to rise, but was dropped by a flurry of hard punches near the end of the round.
In round fourteen, after staggering Hearns with an overhand right, Leonard pinned Hearns against the ropes, where he unleashed another furious combination, prompting referee Davey Pearl to stop the contest and award Sugar Ray Leonard the Unified World Welterweight Championship. Hearns was leading by scores of 124–122, 125–122, and 125–121.
After the fight, there was controversy due to the scoring of rounds six and seven. Even though Leonard dominated, hurting Hearns and battering him, all three judges gave both rounds to Leonard by a 10–9 margin. Many felt that the ten-point must scoring system was not properly used and those rounds should have been scored 10–8.[43] Some also considered the stoppage premature. Veteran ringside commentator Don Dunphy said "They're stopping the fight. I don't believe it. Hearns was ahead on points." However, Emanuel Steward, Hearns' manager and trainer, said, "I felt that the referee was justified in stopping the fight ... Tommy did not have enough energy to make it through the fight."[44]
The fight was named "Fight of the Year" by The Ring.
Leonard was named "Fighter of the Year" by The Ring and The Boxing Writers Association of America. He was also named "Athlete of the Year" by ABC's Wide World of Sports and "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.[45]
Retirement and return[edit]
On February 15, 1982, Leonard defended the unified title against Bruce Finch, the WBC fourth-ranked contender. Leonard knocked him out in the third round.[46] Leonard's next fight was scheduled to be against Roger Stafford on May 14, 1982, in Buffalo, New York. While training, Leonard started to see floaters. He went to a doctor and discovered that he had a detached retina. The fight was cancelled, and Leonard had surgery to repair the retina on May 9, 1982.[47]
On November 9, 1982, Leonard invited Marvin Hagler and other boxing dignitaries to a charity event in Baltimore, Maryland to hear him announce whether he would continue his career. Standing in a boxing ring with Howard Cosell, the master of ceremonies, Leonard announced his retirement, saying a bout with Hagler would unfortunately never happen. Leonard maintained his eye was fully healed, but that he just didn't want to box anymore.[48]
Missing the limelight and the competition, Leonard announced in December 1983 that he was returning to the ring. Leonard boasted that he would have a couple of ten-round bouts and then take on Milton McCrory, Donald Curry, Durán, Hearns and finally Hagler. This decision was met with a torrent of criticism from fans and the media, who felt Leonard was taking unnecessary risks with his surgically repaired eye.[49]
A bout with Philadelphia's Kevin Howard, who was 20–4–1, was scheduled for February 25, 1984. The fight was postponed when Leonard had minor surgery on his right eye to fix a loose retina. This latest eye problem further fueled the flames of those who opposed Leonard's comeback.[50]
Before the fight with Howard, Dave Jacobs rejoined Leonard's team in a limited role. Jacobs had quit in 1980, disagreeing with Leonard's decision to have an immediate rematch with Durán.[51]
Leonard and Howard fought on May 11, 1984, in Worcester, Massachusetts. Howard knocked Leonard flat on his back in the fourth round. It was the first knockdown of Leonard's professional career. Leonard came back to stop Howard in the ninth round, but the stoppage was disputed, with some feeling that the referee stopped the fight prematurely. Leonard was ahead on all three scorecards at the time of the stoppage. At the post-fight press conference, Leonard surprised everyone by announcing his retirement again, saying he just didn't have it anymore.[52]
The Super Fight[edit]
On March 10, 1986, Marvin Hagler knocked out John Mugabi in eleven rounds to retain the Undisputed World Middleweight Championship for the twelfth time and advance his record to 62–2–2. "I was ringside", Leonard said. "I'm watching John 'The Beast' Mugabi fight Hagler. Of all people, John 'The Beast' Mugabi." It was then that Leonard decided to come back and fight Hagler. He called Mike Trainer and said, "I can beat Hagler".
On May 1, 1986, Leonard announced on a Washington, D.C. talk show that he would return to the ring to fight Hagler. The announcement generated a lot of controversy because of Leonard's inactivity and eye injuries, yet it also excited many sports fans who had hoped to see them fight years earlier. Hagler took a few months to decide, then agreed to the match.[53]
The fight, promoted as "The Super Fight" and "The King of the Ring", was scheduled for April 6, 1987, at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. Leonard was guaranteed $11 million, and Hagler was guaranteed $12 million. Hagler was a heavy favorite. The odds started at 4–1, then settled at 3–1. A paying crowd 12,379 generated a live gate of $6.2 million. According to Bob Arum, the fight grossed $78 million which would equates to $170m in 2016.
The original fight plan for Leonard was to go toe-to-toe with Hagler and try to cut him, but the plan changed about five days before the fight. Leonard got hit by sparring partner Quincy Taylor and was badly buckled. "He almost knocked me out", Leonard said. After that, Leonard decided to box Hagler.[54]
Many were surprised that Hagler, a natural southpaw, opened the fight boxing out of an orthodox stance. After the quick and slick Leonard won the first two rounds on all three scorecards, Hagler started the third round as a southpaw. Hagler did better, but Leonard's superior speed and boxing skill still allowed him to control the fight. Hagler looked stiff and mechanical and missed the speedy Leonard time and again prompting ringside commentator for the NBC network re-broadcast Gil Clancy to remark "...and is he ever missing...Leonard isn't doing anything to make him miss, he's just missing!"
By the fifth, Leonard, who was moving a lot, began to tire and Hagler started to get closer. Hagler buckled Leonard's knees with a right uppercut near the end of the round, which finished with Leonard on the ropes. Hagler continued to score somewhat effectively in round six. Leonard, having slowed down, was obliged to fight more and move less. However, he was able to outpunch Hagler along the ropes and got the better of several bristling exchanges. Hagler never seized total control of the fight as he had against Thomas Hearns two years earlier, when he brutalized Hearns and scored a third-round knockout. Hagler's punches lacked snap and, although he was scoring solidly to the body, he looked nothing like the powerful fighter who had dominated the middleweight division for the previous five years. Leonard's observation that the Hagler who beat John Mugabi was older and slower proved to be spot on. In rounds seven and eight, Hagler's southpaw jab was landing solidly and Leonard's counter flurries were less frequent.
Round nine was the most exciting round of the fight. Hagler hurt Leonard with a left cross and pinned him in a corner. Leonard looked to be in trouble, but he furiously fought his way out of the corner. The action see-sawed back and forth for the rest of the round, with each man having his moments. However, Hagler's moments were more spectacular and one of Hagler's cornermen: Roger Perron (in an interview that took place on an episode of HBO's Legendary Nights episode segments in 2003) later stated that: "the ninth round was probably Marvin (Hagler)'s, best round".
Round ten was tame by comparison, as the pace slowed after the furious action of the previous round but with Hagler having more spectacular moments. Despite Leonard's obvious fatigue, he boxed well in the eleventh. Every time Hagler scored, Leonard came back with something flashier and more eye-catching, if not as effective. But at that point in the fight, Hagler appeared to be slightly more ring-general and clearly more aggressive. Between rounds eleven and twelve, Leonard's trainer: Angelo Dundee, implored Sugar Ray to get up off his stool yelling "We got three minutes...new champ...new champ!" Leonard yelled "Yeah!" and played to the screaming crowd. Hagler's corner was much more reserved prompting Clancy to comment: "They're talking to him like it's an IBM meeting or something...no emotion." In the final round, Hagler continued to chase Leonard. He hit Leonard with a big left hand and backed him into a corner. Leonard responded with a furious flurry, landing few punches but whipping the upset-hoping crowd into a frenzy. Hagler backed off, and Leonard danced away with Hagler in pursuit. The fight ended with Hagler and Leonard exchanging along the ropes. At the final bell, even uniformed ringside security rushed into the ring applauding and lauding Leonard's effort.[55]
Leonard threw 629 punches and landed 306, while Hagler threw 792 and landed 291.[56]
Leonard was awarded a controversial split-decision. Judge Dave Moretti scored it 115–113 for Leonard, while judge Lou Filippo had it 115–113 for Hagler. Judge José Guerra scored the fight 118–110 for Leonard. Many felt that Hagler deserved the decision because he was the aggressor and landed the harder punches. Scottish boxing journalist Hugh McIlvanney wrote that Leonard's plan was to "steal rounds with a few flashy and carefully timed flurries....he was happy to exaggerate hand speed at the expense of power, and neither he nor two of the scorers seemed bothered by the fact that many of the punches landed on the champion's gloves and arms."[57]
Many others felt that Leonard deservedly got the decision, arguing that Leonard landed more punches and showed better defense and ring generalship. Jim Murray, long-time sports columnist for the Los Angeles Times, wrote, "It wasn't even close...He didn't just outpoint Hagler, he exposed him. He made him look like a guy chasing a bus. In snowshoes.... Leonard repeatedly beat Hagler to the punch. When he did, he hit harder. He hit more often.... He made Hagler into what he perceived him to be throughout his career—a brawler, a swarmer, a man who could club you to death only if you stood there and let him. If you moved, he was lost."[58]
The fight was named "Fight of the Year" and "Upset of the Year" by The Ring.
Despite requests from the Hagler camp, Leonard was uninterested in a rematch and retired on May 27, 1987. "I'll try, I'll give it a shot", Leonard said of his latest retirement. "But you guys know me."[59] A month after Hagler's formal retirement in June 1988 Leonard would announce another comeback.
Another comeback[edit]
Leonard v Lalonde[edit]
On November 7, 1988, Leonard made another comeback, facing Don Lalonde at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas. They fought for Lalonde's WBC Light Heavyweight Championship and the newly created WBC Super Middleweight Championship, which meant that Lalonde had to make 168 lbs. Many were critical of Leonard for stipulating that his opponent—a natural 175 pounder—should weigh less than his usual fighting weight, which could possibly weaken him. However, Lalonde later told HBO's Larry Merchant that he didn't have any trouble making weight.[60]
Lalonde, 31–2 with 26 knockouts, was guaranteed at least $6 million and Leonard was guaranteed over $10 million.
This would be Leonard's first professional fight without Angelo Dundee. For Leonard's fight with Hagler, Dundee worked without a contract and received $175,000, which was less than 2% of Leonard's purse. Dundee was unhappy with that amount. He requested a contract for the Lalonde fight and Leonard refused. "I don't have contracts. My word is my bond", Leonard said. Janks Morton and Dave Jacobs trained Leonard for the Lalonde fight.[61][62]
Lalonde's size and awkwardness troubled Leonard. In the fourth round, a right hand to the top of Leonard's head dropped him for just the second time in his career. Early in the ninth, Lalonde hurt Leonard with a right to the chin. Leonard fired back and hurt Lalonde with a right. He drove him to the ropes and unleashed a furious assault. Lalonde tried to tie up Leonard, but got dropped with a powerful left hook. He rose but was soon down again, and the fight was stopped. Judges Chuck Giampa and Franz Marti had Leonard ahead by scores of 77–74 and 77–75, respectively. Judge Stuart Kirshenbaum had Lalonde ahead 76–75.[63]
After the fight, Leonard vacated the light heavyweight title, but kept the super middleweight title. Also, Leonard and Janks Morton split because of personal differences. Morton was replaced as co-trainer by Pepe Correa, who had worked with Leonard for most of the previous fifteen years.[64]
Leonard v Hearns[edit]
On June 12, 1989, Leonard defended the WBC Super Middleweight Championship in a rematch with Thomas Hearns at Caesar's Palace. It was promoted as "The War." Hearns was guaranteed $11 million and Leonard was guaranteed $14 million.
Hearns dropped Leonard with a right cross in the third round, but Leonard came back and battered Hearns around the ring in the fifth. Early in the seventh round, Hearns hurt Leonard but punched himself out going for the knockout. With Hearns fatigued, Leonard came back and had a strong finish to the round. Rounds nine and ten were good rounds for Leonard, but he ran into trouble in the eleventh round. Three booming rights from Hearns sent Leonard down for the second time in the fight. Knowing he needed a big finish, Leonard fought furiously and had a big final round.
The judges scored the fight a draw and Leonard retained the title. Judge Jerry Roth scored the fight 113–112 for Hearns, Judge Tom Kazmarek scored it 113–112 for Leonard, and Judge Dalby Shirley scored it 112–112. Shirley was the only judge to give Leonard a 10–8 margin in the twelfth. If he had scored it 10–9, as his two colleagues did, Hearns would have won by a split decision. The decision was soundly booed, as most felt that Hearns had won.[65] Eventually, Leonard admitted that Hearns deserved the decision.
Leonard v Duran[edit]
On December 7, 1989, Leonard defended the title against Roberto Durán, who was the reigning WBC Middleweight Champion. Durán was guaranteed $7.6 million and Leonard's arrangement guaranteed him over $13 million.[66]
For the Durán fight, Leonard cut his entourage from twenty-one to six. Dave Jacobs was one of the people let go, leaving Correa as the sole trainer. Correa was instructed not to spare the whip. "For the first time in a long time, I allowed someone to push me", Leonard said.
The fight took place at the new Mirage Hotel in Las Vegas. Leonard used constant lateral movement and won by a lopsided twelve-round unanimous decision over a listless Durán. The scores were 120–110, 119–109, and 116–111. In a fight that many considered to be very boring, both fighters were booed often by the fans and many left the arena before the decision was announced. Pat Putnam of Sports Illustrated wrote, "Leonard gave them artistic perfection when they wanted heated battle, and they booed lustily. Most fight fans would not spend a dime to watch Van Gogh paint Sunflowers, but they would fill Yankee Stadium to see him cut off his ear."[67] Although Leonard dominated the fight, he suffered several cuts. His lower lip was cut from a headbutt in the fourth round, his left eye was cut in the eleventh round, and his right eye was cut in the twelfth round. The cuts required a total of sixty stitches.[68]
In January 1990, Leonard relinquished the WBC Super Middleweight Championship, saying that he was unsure whether he would fight again.[69] When Leonard decided to continue his career, he offered Hagler a rematch, but Hagler decided to stay retired.[70] He then offered Hearns a third fight, but Hearns said he could no longer make the weight and moved up to the light heavyweight division.[71]
Leonard v Norris[edit]
On February 9, 1991, Leonard went down to 154 lbs and fought WBC Light Middleweight Champion Terry Norris at Madison Square Garden. Leonard entered the bout as a 3-1 favorite but Norris dominated the fight, giving Leonard a heavy beating. He knocked Leonard down with a left hook in the second round, and in the seventh, he dropped Leonard again with a short right. Leonard had no answer for the skillful, younger, faster man. Leonard went the distance but lost by a lopsided decision. The scores were 120–104, 119–103, and 116–110. After the verdict was announced, Leonard announced his retirement. "It took this fight to show me it is no longer my time", Leonard said. "Tonight was my last fight. I know how Hagler felt now."[72]
The last comeback[edit]
In October 1996, the 40-year-old Leonard announced that he was coming out of retirement to fight 34-year-old Héctor Camacho for the lightly regarded International Boxing Council (IBC) Middleweight Championship. Camacho, a light-hitting southpaw, was a three-time world champion with a record of 62–3–1. However, Camacho was also considered to be past his prime. Leonard decided to fight Camacho after commentating on his fight with the 45-year-old Roberto Durán the previous year. Camacho won by a disputed unanimous decision, which Leonard called "an early Christmas gift".
Leonard blamed his poor performance against Norris on lack of motivation, a rib injury, moving down in weight, and divorce, which was being litigated while he was in training. "It was stupid for me to fight Norris at 154 lbs", Leonard said. "This is different. I'm in the best shape possible."[73]
For the Camacho fight, Leonard had a new trainer, Adrian Davis. "He's a great trainer, a throwback", Leonard said. "He has really helped me get ready."[74]
In January 1997, it was announced that Leonard had been voted into the International Boxing Hall Of Fame in Canastota, New York. The rules state that a boxer must be retired for five years before being eligible for induction. When the vote took place, Leonard had been retired for more than five years, therefore, he was eligible, even though he had a fight scheduled. The induction ceremony was on June 15, 1997.[75]
The fight with Camacho took place on March 1, 1997, in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Camacho applied pressure from the opening bell and started to score well in the third. He continued to score well in the fourth and opened a cut above Leonard's right eye. In the fifth, Camacho dropped Leonard with a right followed by two left uppercuts. Leonard got up, but was unable to ward off Camacho. The referee stopped the fight with Camacho teeing off on a defenseless Leonard on the ropes. It was the only time in Leonard's career that he was knocked out.
Afterward, Leonard retired again, saying, "For sure, my career is definitely over for me in the ring." However, less than a week after the fight, Leonard said he planned to fight again. He blamed his loss on a torn right calf muscle. His doctor suggested that he cancel the fight, but Leonard wanted to go through with it. Before the fight, he was given a shot of novocaine.[76]
Leonard said he planned to have a series of tuneup fights before fighting a champion.[77] He was scheduled to fight Tony Menefee on February 15, 1998, in Australia, but he pulled out of the fight, saying that he didn't have the motivation. The Camacho fight was Leonard's last. He finished his career with a record of 36–3–1 with 25 knockouts.[78]
Professional boxing record[edit]


Professional record summary



40 fights
36 wins
3 losses


By knockout
25
1


By decision
11
2


Draws
1




No.
Result
Record
Opponent
Type
Round, time
Date
Location
Notes


40
Loss
36–3–1
 Héctor Camacho
TKO
5 (12), 1:08
Mar 1, 1997
 Convention Hall, Atlantic City, New Jersey, U.S.
For IBC middleweight title


39
Loss
36–2–1
 Terry Norris
UD
12
Feb 9, 1991
 Madison Square Garden, New York City, New York, U.S.
For WBC light middleweight title


38
Win
36–1–1
 Roberto Durán
UD
12
Dec 7, 1989
 The Mirage, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC super middleweight title


37
Draw
35–1–1
 Thomas Hearns
SD
12
Jun 12, 1989
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC super middleweight title;
For WBO super middleweight title


36
Win
35–1
 Donny Lalonde
TKO
9 (12), 2:30
Nov 7, 1988
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC light heavyweight and vacant WBC super middleweight titles


35
Win
34–1
 Marvin Hagler
SD
12
Apr 6, 1987
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal middleweight titles


34
Win
33–1
 Kevin Howard
TKO
9 (10), 2:27
May 11, 1984
 Centrum, Worcester, Massachusetts, U.S.



33
Win
32–1
 Bruce Finch
TKO
3 (15), 1:50
Feb 15, 1982
 Centennial Coliseum, Reno, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBA, WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


32
Win
31–1
 Thomas Hearns
TKO
14 (15), 1:45
Sep 16, 1981
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles;
Won WBA welterweight title


31
Win
30–1
 Ayub Kalule
TKO
9 (15), 3:06
Jun 25, 1981
 Astrodome, Houston, Texas, U.S.
Won WBA, The Ring, and lineal light middleweight titles


30
Win
29–1
 Larry Bonds
TKO
10 (15), 2:22
Mar 28, 1981
 Carrier Dome, Syracuse, New York, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


29
Win
28–1
 Roberto Durán
RTD
8 (15), 2:44
Nov 25, 1980
 Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


28
Loss
27–1
 Roberto Durán
UD
15
Jun 20, 1980
 Olympic Stadium, Montreal, Quebec, Canada
Lost WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


27
Win
27–0
 Dave Boy Green
KO
4 (15), 2:27
Mar 31, 1980
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.
Retained WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


26
Win
26–0
 Wilfred Benítez
TKO
15 (15), 2:54
Nov 30, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won WBC, The Ring, and lineal welterweight titles


25
Win
25–0
 Andy Price
KO
1 (12), 2:52
Sep 28, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Retained NABF welterweight title


24
Win
24–0
 Pete Ranzany
TKO
4 (12), 2:41
Aug 12, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.
Won NABF welterweight title


23
Win
23–0
 Tony Chiaverini
RTD
4 (10)
Jun 24, 1979
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



22
Win
22–0
 Marcos Geraldo
UD
10
May 20, 1979
 Riverside Centroplex, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, U.S.



21
Win
21–0
 Adolfo Viruet
UD
10
Apr 21, 1979
 Dunes, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



20
Win
20–0
 Daniel Aldo Gonzalez
TKO
1 (10), 2:03
Mar 24, 1979
 Community Center, Tucson, Arizona, U.S.



19
Win
19–0
 Fernand Marcotte
TKO
8 (10), 2:33
Feb 11, 1979
 Convention Center, Miami Beach, Florida, U.S.



18
Win
18–0
 Johnny Gant
TKO
8 (12), 2:57
Jan 11, 1979
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.



17
Win
17–0
 Armando Muniz
RTD
6 (10), 3:00
Dec 9, 1978
 Civic Center, Springfield, Massachusetts, U.S.



16
Win
16–0
 Bernardo Prada
UD
10
Nov 3, 1978
 Cumberland County Civic Center, Portland, Maine, U.S.



15
Win
15–0
 Randy Shields
UD
10
Oct 6, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



14
Win
14–0
 Floyd Mayweather Sr.
TKO
10 (10), 2:16
Sep 9, 1978
 Civic Center, Providence, Rhode Island, U.S.



13
Win
13–0
 Dicky Eklund
UD
10
Jul 18, 1978
 John B. Hynes Memorial Auditorium, Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.



12
Win
12–0
 Rafael Rodriguez
UD
10
Jun 3, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



11
Win
11–0
 Randy Milton
TKO
8 (10), 2:55
May 13, 1978
 Memorial Auditorium, Utica, New York, U.S.



10
Win
10–0
 Bobby Haymon
RTD
3 (10)
Apr 13, 1978
 Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland, U.S.



9
Win
9–0
 Javier Muniz
KO
1 (8), 2:45
Mar 19, 1978
 Veterans Memorial Coliseum, New Haven, Connecticut, U.S.



8
Win
8–0
 Art McKnight
TKO
7 (8), 1:52
Mar 1, 1978
 Hara Arena, Dayton, Ohio, U.S.



7
Win
7–0
 Rocky Ramon
UD
8
Feb 4, 1978
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



6
Win
6–0
 Hector Diaz
KO
2 (8), 2:20
Dec 17, 1977
 D.C. Armory, Washington, D.C., U.S.



5
Win
5–0
 Augustin Estrada
KO
6 (8), 1:54
Nov 5, 1977
 Caesars Palace, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.



4
Win
4–0
 Frank Santore
KO
5 (8), 2:55
Sep 24, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



3
Win
3–0
 Vinnie DeBarros
TKO
3 (6), 1:59
Jun 10, 1977
 Civic Center, Hartford, Connecticut, U.S.



2
Win
2–0
 Willie Rodriguez
UD
6
May 14, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.



1
Win
1–0
 Luis Vega
UD
6
Feb 5, 1977
 Civic Center, Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.
Professional debut


Media appearances[edit]




Leonard signs autographs at a Tristar Productions sports collectors show in Houston in January 2014.


Leonard has worked as a boxing analyst for ABC, CBS, NBC, ESPN, HBO and EPIX. His relationship with HBO lasted for more than a decade. It ended in 1990, after HBO was not offered an opportunity to bid on the telecast rights to Leonard's fight with Terry Norris. HBO believed it would be inappropriate for Leonard to continue with them if they couldn't bid on his fights. Leonard's attorney, Mike Trainer, said, "There never has been a linkage between his broadcasting and his fighting."[79]
Leonard has provided commercial endorsements for companies including Coca-Cola, EA Sports, Ford, Nabisco, Revlon and 7 Up. His most famous commercial was a 7 Up ad he did with his son, Ray Jr., Roberto Durán and Durán's son Roberto Jr. in the early 1980s.[80][81] Leonard is among the most sought-after motivational/inspirational speakers in the world today. His speech, entitled "Power" (Prepare, Overcome and Win Every Round), is consistently booked with major Fortune 500 companies throughout the United States and abroad.[82]
Leonard has also worked as an actor. He has appeared in numerous television shows, including Half & Half, L.A. Heat, Married... with Children, Renegade and Tales From The Crypt. He has also appeared in several movies, including I Spy and most recently The Fighter (2010), starring Christian Bale and Mark Wahlberg. This movie brought back memories of his fight with Dicky Eklund. He also worked as an adviser in the 2011 robot boxing film Real Steel. Leonard served as host and mentor to the aspiring fighters on The Contender. Sylvester Stallone, who co-hosted during the first season, was one of the executive producers, along with Mark Burnett. When Leonard left the show, he was replaced as host by Tony Danza for the final season.[83]
In 2001, Leonard launched Sugar Ray Leonard Boxing Inc., a boxing promotional company, and announced the company's strategic partnership with ESPN. Together, Leonard and ESPN would produce and promote "Sugar Ray Leonard and ESPN II Presents Friday Night Fights", which would air the first Friday of every month for twelve months.[84] Leonard's boxing promotional company was dissolved in 2004. He had a falling out with partner Bjorn Rebney, whom he called "a cancer in my company."[85] Speaking of his promotional company, Leonard said, "We did some great shows with evenly matched fights. I took great pride in it. But the TV show came about and made my decision a lot easier. I already had it in the back of my mind to dissolve the company. The working environment was not healthy."[86]
Leonard competed on season 12 of Dancing with the Stars, which premiered on Monday, March 21, 2011, on ABC. His partner was Anna Trebunskaya. He was voted off in Week 4 of the show.[87][88] During his appearance on The Colbert Report in 2011, Leonard was defeated by host Stephen Colbert in a thumb wrestling contest.[89] He appeared as a guest at the chef's table, along with Tito Ortiz, during the tenth season of Hell's Kitchen. He is the celebrity spokesperson for the Atlanta law firm John Foy and Associates, PC.
Leonard was also the subject of a Seinfeld episode (season 6, episode 22) where George tries to flatter his boss by saying he looks like Sugar Ray Leonard. The real Leonard (a Seinfeld fan) mentioned that he was told about the episode by friends and family, but had never seen it for himself until a friend gave him the DVD set for a gift.
Personal life[edit]
Family[edit]
Leonard married his high school sweetheart, Juanita Wilkinson, in January 1980. Their six-year-old son, Ray Jr., served as the ring bearer.[90] In 1984, they had another son, Jarrell.[91]
They were divorced in 1990. During divorce proceedings, Juanita Leonard testified that her husband physically abused her while under the influence of alcohol. She also said he was an occasional cocaine user. In his testimony, Leonard confirmed his wife's claims and went on to reveal that the problems of their marriage were not due to drug and alcohol use.[92]
After the Los Angeles Times broke the story, Leonard held a press conference and publicly acknowledged that the accusations were true. He said he started using after he retired in 1982, following surgery to repair a detached retina. "I wanted more", Leonard said. "I wanted that arena. I didn't want anyone to tell me my career had to end."
"I decided to search for a substitute...I resorted to cocaine. I used when I felt bad, I used when I missed competing at that level", he said. "It was a crutch, something that enabled me to forget."
He said he quit using drugs in early 1986, when he woke up one morning and "what I saw in the mirror was scary."
"I can never erase the pain or the scars I have made through my stupidity, my selfishness", Leonard said. "All I can do is say I'm sorry, but that is not enough."[93]
In 2011, Sugar Ray revealed in an NPR broadcast that he had been free of alcohol since July 2006.
In 1989, Leonard was introduced to Bernadette Robi by Kenny G at a Luther Vandross concert. Robi is the daughter of Paul Robi, one of the original Platters and she is the ex-wife of Lynn Swann.
Leonard and Robi were married at Leonard's $8.7 million estate in Pacific Palisades, California in August 1993. At the wedding ceremony, the grounds were converted into a garden with 10,000 roses and blossoms of other flowers flown in from the Netherlands.[94]
Leonard is also the godfather of Khloé Kardashian and has appeared on many episodes of Keeping Up With The Kardashians.
Charity work[edit]
For many years, Leonard has been the International Chairman of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation's Walk for a Cure and is actively involved in raising both awareness and funds.
Leonard testified before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs in 2009. The Senate hearing was titled "Type 1 Diabetes Research: Real Progress and Real Hope for a Cure." He testified about the burden of diabetes and the need for continued research funding to find a cure.[95]
Leonard and his wife, Bernadette, founded the Sugar Ray Leonard Foundation to support the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and its annual Walk for a Cure. In 2009, the foundation expanded to support programs that help people rebuild their communities in ten cities across the United States. It supports accessible housing, healthcare services, and educational services and job training.
In 2007 he was awarded The Ambassador Award of Excellence by the LA Sports & Entertainment Commission at the Riviera Country Club for his continued community involvement.[96]
Molestation[edit]
In his autobiography The Big Fight: My Life in and out of the Ring, published in June 2011, Leonard reveals that as a young boxer he was the victim of sexual abuse from an Olympic trainer as well as another man, a benefactor.[97] He has since made public appearances to bring attention to the issue of child sex abuse, declaring himself a "poster child" for the cause and encouraging victims to report their abuse.[98]
See also[edit]

List of lineal boxing world champions
List of welterweight boxing champions
List of light middleweight boxing champions
List of middleweight boxing champions
List of undisputed boxing champions
List of WBA world champions
List of WBC world champions
List of WBO world champions
List of The Ring world champions
List of boxing quintuple champions
Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Roberto Durán II
Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Thomas Hearns

References[edit]


^ a b c d "Sugar Ray Leonard". sports-reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Retrieved 5 September 2014. 
^ "The Lineal Boxing World Champions". Cyber Boxing Zone. 
^ http://www.skysports.com/boxing/news/12066/9949701/our-fives-favorite-five
^ http://rossboxing.com/2015/01/21/fabulous-four-hagler-hearns-duran-leonard/
^ "Sugar Ray was ring artist". Sports.espn.go.com. 2006-07-11. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "ESPN 50 Greatest Boxers of All Time". Sports.espn.go.com. 1994-11-05. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Mark Grossinger Etess Award". Boxrec.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 5, The Big Fight: My Life In and Out of the Ring by Sugar Ray Leonard ISBN 0452298040
^ Nack, William (26 November 1979). "Sugar Sure Is Sweet". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 17 July 2011. 
^ see page 1, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette June 17, 1980". News.google.com. 1980-06-17. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 7 & 8, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Edited by Gay Flood (1979-12-10). "Sports Illustrated December 10, 1979". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Iole, Kevin (2008-08-20). "One USA Boxing team stands above the rest by Kevin Iole". Sports.yahoo.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 42 & 43, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff, ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Pat Putnam (1976-08-09). "Sports Illustrated August 9, 1976". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard". Cyber Boxing Zone. 1956-05-17. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see pages 33, 34 & 43 Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Sarasota Herald-Tribune August 6, 1976". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 63, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ see pages 65–68, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ Pat Putnam (1977-02-14). "Sports Illustrated, February 14, 1977". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ see page 75, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ see page 93, Sugar Ray Leonard and Other Noble Warriors by Sam Toperoff ISBN 0-07-065003-9
^ "Lewiston Evening Journal, October 7, 1978". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Soured Floyd". The Evening Independent. 
^ "The Spokesman-Review, August 13, 1979". News.google.com. 1979-08-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Star-News, September 29, 1979". News.google.com. 1979-09-29. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ William Nack (1979-12-10). "Sports Illustrated, December 12, 1979". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sarasota Herald Tribune, April 2, 1980". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ a b William Nack (1980-06-30). "Sports Illustrated". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard regains welterweight title". Daytona Beach Morning Journal. 1980-06-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ "The 'Noblest Savage' won the fight". The Dispatch. 1980-06-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ The Spokesman-Review September 11, 1980
^ William Nack (1980-12-08). "Sports Illustrated, December 8, 1980". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "How Sweet It Is!". Ocala Star-Banner. 1980-11-26. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News. 
^ Roberto Duran Speaks: The Untold Story Is Finally Revealed!, Bill Brubaker, New York Daily News, 1981
^ "No Mas: My Version". Thesweetscience.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ William Nack (1980-12-08). "Sports Illustrated, December 8, 1980". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-04-06). "Sports Illustrated, April 6, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-07-06). "Sports Illustrated, July 6, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Ayub Kalule vs. Sugar Ray Leonard – Boxrec Boxing Encyclopaedia". Boxrec.com. Retrieved 2012-06-21. 
^ Pat Putnam (1981-09-28). "Sports Illustrated, September 28, 1981". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ [1] Showtime, "The 12 Greatest Rounds of Boxing: The Untold Stories"
^ "Herald-Journal, January 16, 1982". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1982-03-01). "Sports Illustrated, March 1, 1982". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1982-05-24). "Sports Illustrated, May 24, 1982". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Fort Scott Tribune, November 10, 1982". News.google.com. 1982-11-10. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Times-News, December 12, 1983". News.google.com. 1983-12-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sarasota Herald-Tribune, February 15, 1984". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Miami News, May 10, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-05-10. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Courier, May 13, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-05-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "After A Year's Prefight, Bell Tolls For These". Articles.sun-sentinel.com. 1987-04-05. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Leonard's memories the stuff of legends". Sports.espn.go.com. 2007-03-06. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Sugar Ray...Still In Style, Nigel Collins, The Ring August 1987
^ Berkow, Ira (1987-04-09). "New York Times, April 9, 1987". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Hugh McIlvanney (1987-04-20). "Sports Illustrated, April 20, 1987". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Exposed Him, Jim Murray, 1987". News.google.com. 1987-04-08. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Anderson, Dave (1987-05-28). "New York Times, May 28, 1987". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ [2] HBO "Sugar Ray Leonard vs. Donny Lalonde"
^ "New Sunday Times, October 21, 1988". News.google.com. 1988-10-21. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Anderson, Dave (1988-11-06). "The New York Times, November 6, 1988". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1988-11-08). "The New York Times, November 8, 1988". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Pittsburgh Press, June 9, 1989". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1989-06-19). "Sports Illustrated, June 19, 1989". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1989-07-27). "The New York Times, July 27, 1989". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1989-12-18). "Sports Illustrated, December 18, 1989". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ The Item December 9, 1989
^ "Gainesville Sun, January 19, 1990". News.google.com. 1990-01-19. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Rick Telander (1990-07-02). "Sports Illustrated, July 2, 1990". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Berger, Phil (1991-02-08). "New York Times, February 8, 1991". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Pat Putnam (1991-02-18). "Sports Illustrated, February 18, 1991". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Brown, Clifton (1997-02-26). "The New York Times, February 26, 1997". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Brown, Clifton (1997-02-27). "The New York Times, February 27, 1997". Nytimes.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Victoria Advocate, January 15, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-01-15. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Southern Missourian, March 3, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-03-03. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "New Straits Times, March 8, 1997". News.google.com. 1997-03-08. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Idaho Spokesman-Review, January 12, 1998". News.google.com. 1998-01-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Daily Press, October 16, 1990". Pqasb.pqarchiver.com. 1990-10-16. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Cavalier Daily, April 30, 1982". News.google.com. 1982-04-30. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Sugar Ray Leonard 7 Up commercial on YouTube
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard Biography about.com". Realitytv.about.com. 2011-05-26. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ The Contender on IMDb
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard Back in the Ring with ESPN Friday Night Fights". Findarticles.com. Archived from the original on 2012-07-09. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Rafael, Dan (2004-10-19). "Leonard's promotion business down for count". USA Today. 
^ Rafael, Dan (2004-10-19). "USA Today, October 19, 2004". Usatoday.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "People: Sugar Ray departs 'Dancing With the Stars' | Dallas-Fort Worth Celebrity News – Entertainment News for Dallas, Texas – The Dallas Morning News". Dallasnews.com. 2011-04-12. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "'I put up a good fight': Sugar Ray Leonard is voted off Dancing With The Stars | Mail Online". Dailymail.co.uk. 2011-04-13. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "November 03, 2011 - Nathan Wolfe - The Colbert Report - Full Episode Video | Comedy Central". Colbertnation.com. 2011-10-31. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "The Spokesman-Review, January 21, 1980". News.google.com. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Anchorage Daily News, June 15, 1984". News.google.com. 1984-06-15. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Messner, Michael; Solomon, William (June 1, 1993). "Outside the Frame: Newspaper Coverage of the Sugar Ray Leonard Wife Abuse Story.". Sociology of Sport Journal. 10 (2): 119–134. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ Daily News. 1991-03-31 https://news.google.com/newspapers?id=2hAbAAAAIBAJ&sjid=FEgEAAAAIBAJ&pg=6730,6962641&dq=sugar+ray+leonard+juanita+divorce&hl=en. Retrieved 2011-11-04 – via Google News.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Duran wanted "no mas" of Leonard". Espn.go.com. 2003-11-19. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ "Sugar Ray Leonard's Testimony before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs". Jdrf.org. Retrieved 2011-11-04. 
^ Galluzzo, Steve (May 15, 2007). "Pacific Palisades -- Palisades-Post". palisadespost.com. Pacific Palisades, California, USA: Pacific Palisades Post. Retrieved July 21, 2012. 
^ In Book, Sugar Ray Leonard Says Coach Sexually Abused Him
^ Iole, Kevin. Sugar Ray Leonard proves himself a beacon of strength in the fight against child sex abuse. Yahoo! Sports. October 29, 2012. Retrieved October 30, 2012.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Sugar Ray Leonard.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Sugar Ray Leonard



Official website
Professional boxing record for Sugar Ray Leonard from BoxRec
Sugar Ray Leonard's Amateur Boxing Record
Sugar Ray Leonard in-depth interview about alcohol, cocaine, and being a champion



Sporting positions


Amateur boxing titles


Previous:
James Busceme
U.S. Golden Gloves lightweight champion
1973
Next:
Curtis Harris


Previous:
Larry Bonds
U.S. Golden Gloves light welterweight champion
1974
Next:
Paul Sherry


Previous:
Randy Shields
U.S. light welterweight champion
1974, 1975
Next:
Milton Seward


Regional boxing titles


Preceded by
Pete Ranzany
NABF welterweight champion
August 12, 1979 – November 30, 1979
Won WBC title
Vacant
Title next held by
Randy Shields


World boxing titles


Preceded by
Wilfred Benítez
WBC welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980
Succeeded by
Roberto Durán


The Ring welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980


Lineal welterweight champion
November 30, 1979 – June 20, 1980


Preceded by
Roberto Durán
WBC welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Milton McCrory


The Ring welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Donald Curry


Lineal welterweight champion
November 25, 1980 – November 9, 1982
Retired


Preceded by
Ayub Kalule
WBA light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 1981
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Tadashi Mihara


The Ring light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 22, 1981
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Thomas Hearns


Lineal light middleweight champion
June 25, 1981 – September 22, 1981
Vacated


Preceded by
Thomas Hearns
WBA welterweight champion
September 16, 1981 – November 9, 1982
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Donald Curry


Vacant
Title last held by
José Nápoles
Undisputed welterweight champion
September 16, 1981 – November 9, 1982
Retired


Preceded by
Marvin Hagler
WBC middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Thomas Hearns


The Ring middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Sumbu Kalambay


Lineal middleweight champion
April 6, 1987 – May 27, 1987
Retired
Vacant
Title next held by
Michael Nunn


New title
WBC super middleweight champion
November 7, 1988 – August 27, 1990
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Mauro Galvano


Preceded by
Donny Lalonde
WBC light heavyweight champion
November 7, 1988 – November 17, 1988
Vacated
Vacant
Title next held by
Dennis Andries


Awards


Previous:
Matthew Saad Muhammad vs. Yaqui López II
The Ring Fight of the Year
vs. Thomas Hearns
1981
Next:
Bobby Chacon vs. Rafael Limón IV


Previous:
U.S. Olympic Hockey Team
Wide World of Sports Athlete of the Year
1981
Next:
Wayne Gretzky


Previous:
Steve Cruz vs. Barry McGuigan
The Ring Fight of the Year
vs. Marvin Hagler
1987
Next:
Tony Lopez vs. Rocky Lockridge


Previous:
Lloyd Honeyghan
KO6 Donald Curry
The Ring Upset of the Year
SD12 Marvin Hagler
1987
Next:
Iran Barkley
TKO3 Thomas Hearns


Previous:
Inaugural award
Mark Grossinger Etess Award
for Boxer of the Decade
1980–1989
Next:
Award discontinued








v
t
e


Olympic boxing champions – men's light welterweight




1952–2000: 60–63.5 kg, 2004-2012: 60–64 kg







1952:  Charles Adkins (USA)
1956:  Vladimir Yengibaryan (URS)
1960:  Bohumil Němeček (TCH)
1964:  Jerzy Kulej (POL)
1968:  Jerzy Kulej (POL)
1972:  Ray Seales (USA)
1976:  Ray Leonard (USA)
1980:  Patrizio Oliva (ITA)
1984:  Jerry Page (USA)
1988:  Vyacheslav Yanovskiy (URS)
1992:  Héctor Vinent (CUB)
1996:  Héctor Vinent (CUB)
2000:  Mahammatkodir Abdullaev (UZB)
2004:  Manus Boonjumnong (THA)
2008:  Manuel Félix Díaz (DOM)
2012:  Roniel Iglesias (CUB)
2016:  Fazliddin Gaibnazarov (UZB)













v
t
e


Pan American Boxing Champions in Men's Light Welterweight






1951 – 1999: up to 63.5 kg
2003 – 2011: up to 64 kg








1951: Oscar Pietta (ARG)
1955: Juan Carlos Rivero (ARG)
1959: Vincent Shomo (USA)
1963: Adolfo Moreyra (ARG)
1967: James Wallington (USA)
1971: Enrique Regüeiferos (CUB)
1975: Ray Leonard (USA)
1979: Lemuel Steeples (USA)
1983 – 1987: Candelario Duvergel (CUB)
1991: Stevie Johnston (USA)
1995: Walter Crucce (ARG)
1999: Victor Hugo Castro (ARG)
2003: Patrick López (VEN)
2007: Karl Dargan (USA)
2011: Roniel Iglesias (CUB)
2015: Arthur Biyarslanov (CAN)












v
t
e


Sports Illustrated Sportsperson of the Year






1954: Roger Bannister
1955: Johnny Podres
1956: Bobby Morrow
1957: Stan Musial
1958: Rafer Johnson
1959: Ingemar Johansson
1960: Arnold Palmer
1961: Jerry Lucas
1962: Terry Baker
1963: Pete Rozelle
1964: Ken Venturi
1965: Sandy Koufax
1966: Jim Ryun
1967: Carl Yastrzemski
1968: Bill Russell
1969: Tom Seaver
1970: Bobby Orr
1971: Lee Trevino
1972: Billie Jean King & John Wooden
1973: Jackie Stewart
1974: Muhammad Ali
1975: Pete Rose
1976: Chris Evert
1977: Steve Cauthen
1978: Jack Nicklaus
1979: Terry Bradshaw & Willie Stargell
1980: U.S. Olympic Hockey Team
1981: Sugar Ray Leonard
1982: Wayne Gretzky
1983: Mary Decker
1984: Edwin Moses & Mary Lou Retton
1985: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
1986: Joe Paterno
1987: Bob Bourne, Judi Brown King, Kipchoge Keino, Dale Murphy, Chip Rives, Patty Sheehan, Rory Sparrow, & Reggie Williams
1988: Orel Hershiser
1989: Greg LeMond
1990: Joe Montana
1991: Michael Jordan
1992: Arthur Ashe
1993: Don Shula
1994: Bonnie Blair & Johann Olav Koss
1995: Cal Ripken Jr.
1996: Tiger Woods
1997: Dean Smith
1998: Mark McGwire & Sammy Sosa
1999: U.S. Women's Soccer Team
2000: Tiger Woods
2001: Curt Schilling & Randy Johnson
2002: Lance Armstrong
2003: David Robinson & Tim Duncan
2004: Boston Red Sox
2005: Tom Brady
2006: Dwyane Wade
2007: Brett Favre
2008: Michael Phelps
2009: Derek Jeter
2010: Drew Brees
2011: Mike Krzyzewski & Pat Summitt
2012: LeBron James
2013: Peyton Manning
2014: Madison Bumgarner
2015: Serena Williams
2016: LeBron James












v
t
e


1976 USA Olympic Boxing Team



Athletes



Luis Curtis
Leo Randolph
Charles Mooney
David Armstrong
Howard Davis Jr.
Sugar Ray Leonard
Clinton Jackson
Chuck Walker
Michael Spinks
Leon Spinks
John Tate










Coaches

—










v
t
e


The Ring magazine Fighter of the Year






1928: Tunney
1929: Loughran
1930: Schmeling
1931: Loughran
1932: Sharkey
1933: No award
1934: Canzoneri & Ross
1935: Ross
1936: Louis
1937: Armstrong
1938: Louis
1939: Louis
1940: Conn
1941: Louis
1942: Robinson
1943: Apostoli
1944: Jack
1945: Pep
1946: Zale
1947: Lesnevich
1948: Williams
1949: Charles
1950: Charles
1951: Robinson
1952: Marciano
1953: Olson
1954: Marciano
1955: Marciano
1956: Patterson
1957: Basilio
1958: Johansson
1959: Johansson
1960: Patterson
1961: Brown
1962: Tiger
1963: Clay
1964: Griffith
1965: Tiger
1966: Ali
1967: Frazier
1968: Benvenuti
1969: Nápoles
1970: Frazier
1971: Frazier
1972: Ali & Monzón
1973: Foreman
1974: Ali
1975: Ali
1976: Foreman
1977: Zárate
1978: Ali
1979: Leonard
1980: Hearns
1981: Leonard & Sánchez
1982: Holmes
1983: Hagler
1984: Hearns
1985: Hagler & Curry
1986: Tyson
1987: Holyfield
1988: Tyson
1989: Whitaker
1990: Chávez
1991: Toney
1992: Bowe
1993: Carbajal
1994: Jones, Jr.
1995: De La Hoya
1996: Holyfield
1997: Holyfield
1998: Mayweather, Jr.
1999: Ayala
2000: Trinidad
2001: Hopkins
2002: Forrest
2003: Toney
2004: Johnson
2005: Hatton
2006: Pacquiao
2007: Mayweather, Jr.
2008: Pacquiao
2009: Pacquiao
2010: Martínez
2011: Ward
2012: Márquez
2013: Stevenson
2014: Kovalev
2015: Fury
2016: Frampton












v
t
e


Sugar Ray Robinson Award






1938: Dempsey
1939: Conn
1940: Armstrong
1941: Louis
1942: Ross
1943: Boxers of the Armed Forces
1944: B. Leonard
1945: Walker
1946: Zale
1947: Lesnevich
1948: Williams
1949: Charles
1950: Robinson
1951: Walcott
1952: Marciano
1953: Gavilán
1954: Olson
1955: Basilio
1956: Patterson
1957: Basilio
1958: Moore
1959: Johansson
1960: Patterson
1961: Fullmer
1962: Tiger
1963: Griffith
1964: Pastrano
1965: Ali
1966: Tiger
1967: Ortiz
1968: Foster
1969: Frazier
1970: Buchanan
1971: Frazier
1972: Monzón
1973: Foreman
1974: Ali
1975: Ali & Frazier
1976: Davis Jr., S. R. Leonard, Randolph, L. Spinks & M. Spinks
1977: Norton
1978: Holmes
1979: S. R. Leonard
1980: Hearns
1981: S. R. Leonard
1982: Pryor
1983: Hagler
1984: Hearns
1985: Hagler
1986: Tyson
1987: Chávez
1988: Tyson
1989: Whitaker
1990: Holyfield
1991: Toney
1992: Bowe
1993: Whitaker
1994: Foreman
1995: De La Hoya
1996: Holyfield
1997: Holyfield
1998: Mosley
1999: Lewis
2000: Trinidad
2001: Hopkins
2002: Forrest
2003: Toney
2004: Johnson
2005: Hatton
2006: Pacquiao
2007: Mayweather Jr.
2008: Pacquiao
2009: Pacquiao
2010: Martínez
2011: Ward
2012: Donaire
2013: Mayweather Jr.
2014: Crawford
2015: Mayweather Jr.
2016: Frampton









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 40715699
LCCN: n82049374
ISNI: 0000 0000 2681 963X
GND: 11888641X










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sugar_Ray_Leonard&oldid=789458384"					
Categories: 1956 birthsLiving peopleAfrican-American boxersAfrican-American male actorsBoxers at the 1976 Summer OlympicsAmerican boxing promotersInternational Boxing Hall of Fame inducteesLight-middleweight boxersLight-heavyweight boxersMiddleweight boxersPan American Games gold medalists for the United StatesOlympic boxers of the United StatesOlympic gold medalists for the United States in boxingMedalists at the 1976 Summer OlympicsParticipants in American reality television seriesSuper-middleweight boxersWorld Boxing Association championsWorld Boxing Council championsWorld Boxing Organization championsWelterweight boxersWinners of the United States Championship for amateur boxersSportspeople from Washington, D.C.Sportspeople from Wilmington, North CarolinaPeople from Palmer Park, MarylandAmerican male boxersThe Ring magazine championsWorld welterweight boxing championsWorld light-middleweight boxing championsWorld middleweight boxing championsWorld super-middleweight boxing championsWorld light-heavyweight boxing championsPan American Games medalists in boxingLight-welterweight boxersLightweight boxersNational Golden Gloves championsBoxers from North CarolinaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2017Official website different in Wikidata and WikipediaBoxRec template with ID different from WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilge한국어IdoItalianoעבריתLatviešuMalagasyNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaไทยУкраїнськаWinaray中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:20.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 


Ray Leonard's Phone Number, Email, Address, Public Records - Spokeo






















































CONTACT US



{{vm.userEmail}}








{{dropdown_item.text}}













{{dropdown_item.text}}






{{dropdown_item.text | uppercase}}




















{{search_results_type}}
Results








Recent



{{history.title}}




Example Searches



John Smith



email@example.com



123 Main St, Pasadena, CA



(626) 555-5555



John Smith, Pasadena, CA






Search filters




First Name



Middle Name



Last Name





Age


{{ages}}
+






State


All States




City





Phone number



Email address





Relative First name



Relative Last name





SEARCH










Show Basic Search




Show Advanced Search



























 












Browse locationsAlabama(12)Alaska(1)Arizona(6)Arkansas(5)California(55)Colorado(9)Connecticut(7)Delaware(2)District of Columbia(1)Florida(48)SHOW ALL 47 LOCATIONS







No results found for {{vm.NameSearch.search.display_name}}
with your specific filters:
{{filter}}
Try a more general search, or view similar matches below.






Home








People








Last Name (L)








Ray Leonard






Ray Leonard432 people named Ray Leonard found in California, Florida and 45 other states. Click a state below to find Ray more easily.



Browse locationsAlabama(12)Alaska(1)Arizona(6)Arkansas(5)California(55)Colorado(9)Connecticut(7)Delaware(2)District of Columbia(1)Florida(48)SHOW ALL 47 LOCATIONS










Person


Ray
D
Leonard, age 74

Raymond Leonard
Leonard Leonard


Locations

Mission,
TX


Muskegon,
MI


Carmel,
IN


Keller,
TX


Twin Lake,
MI



Relatives

Amelia

Leonard


Jon

Leonard


Andy

Leonard


N

Leonard


Sharon

Leonard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
K
Leonard, age 46

Kelley Leonard
Leonard Leonard


Locations

Lawton,
OK


Jonancy,
KY


Oklahoma City,
OK


Norman,
OK


Bartlesville,
OK



Relatives

Tatton

Ray


Ray

Ray


L

Ray



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
W
Leonard, age 77

Jay Leonard


Locations

Jasper,
FL


Jennings,
FL


Jacksonville,
FL


Callahan,
FL


Sanderson,
FL



Relatives

Joan

Leonard


Jr

Leonard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
R
Leonard, age 59

Leonard Leonard


Locations

Foxboro,
MA


Belmont,
MA


Apex,
NC


West Hartford,
CT


Allen Park,
MI



Relatives

Bobby

Leonard


Julia

Leonard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
R
Leonard, age 56

Leonard Leonard


Locations

Wilmer,
AL


Eight Mile,
AL



Relatives

Christopher

Turner


Riley

Turner


Lindsey

Turner


Rebecca

Turner


Tamera

Turner



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
L
Leonard, age 68

Leonard Leonard
Abbey Leonard


Locations

Wellsboro,
PA


Daytona Beach,
FL


Knoxville,
PA


Port Orange,
FL


Westfield,
PA



Relatives

Amelia

Abbey


Lloyd

Abbey


Iona

Abbey


Devon

Abbey


Lorna

Abbey



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
L
Leonard, age 57

Heather Leonard
Mirna Leonard


Locations

West Plains,
MO


Acton,
CA


Lancaster,
CA


Peoria,
IL



Relatives

Heather

Ray


David

Ray


Fanny

Ray


Leonard

Ray


M

Ray



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
L
Leonard, age 49

Lee Leonard
Leonard Leonard


Locations

Lexington,
SC


Leesville,
SC


Myrtle Beach,
SC


Daytona Beach,
FL


Cartersville,
GA



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
H
Leonard, age 59



Locations

Old Hickory,
TN


Spring Hill,
TN


Fort Polk,
LA


Olympia,
WA


Elmore,
AL



Relatives

Sherman

Leonard


Ingrid

Leonard


Kamonrat

Leonard


J

Leonard


Lillie

Leonard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
L
Leonard, age 87

Raymond Leonard


Locations

Yuba City,
CA


Rancho Santa Margarita,
CA


Laguna Beach,
CA


Trabuco Canyon,
CA


Mission Viejo,
CA



Relatives

Billie

Leonard


Harriette

Leonard


Lars

Leonard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
G
Leonard, age 73

Raymond Leonard
Leonard Leonard


Locations

Kalamazoo,
MI


Plainwell,
MI


Galesburg,
MI


Portage,
MI



Relatives

Charles

Leonard


Benjamin

Leonard


Gary

Leonard


Jason

Leonard


Terry

Leonard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
L
Leonard, age 52

Leonard Leonard


Locations

Greenville,
MS


Hattiesburg,
MS


Atlanta,
GA


Lithonia,
GA



Relatives

Reginald

Stewart


Synthia

Stewart


Leonard

Stewart


Alvin

Stewart



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
L
Leonard, age 56

Leonard Leonard
Barber Leonard


Locations

Sanford,
FL


Longwood,
FL


Lake Mary,
FL


Altamonte Springs,
FL


Winter Park,
FL



Relatives

Baack

Barber


Jo

Barber



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
P
Leonard, age 49

Leonard Leonard


Locations

Baton Rouge,
LA


Grand Isle,
LA


Marrero,
LA


Binghamton,
NY


Vestal,
NY



Relatives

Jeanette

Ray


Kathleen

Ray


Janet

Ray


T

Ray



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
R
Leonard, age 73

Leonard Leonard


Locations

Asheville,
NC


Whittier,
NC


Orlando,
FL



Relatives

Martha

Cole


Patricia

Cole


Katie

Cole


Leonard

Cole


Jennifer

Cole



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
J
Leonard, age 36

Raymond Leonard


Locations

Pittsburgh,
PA


Irwin,
PA


West Mifflin,
PA


Duquesne,
PA



Relatives

Diane

Leonard


Stacey

Leonard


Elyse

Leonard


Matthew

Leonard


Robert

Leonard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
T
Leonard, age 41

Raymond Leonard
Leonard Leonard


Locations

Phoenix,
AZ


Omaha,
NE


Mesa,
AZ


Denison,
IA


Apache Junction,
AZ



Relatives

Emmaline

Leonard


Shannon

Leonard


Caryn

Leonard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
R
Leonard, age 48

Raymiond Leonard
Leonard Leonard


Locations

North Canton,
CT


Simsbury,
CT


Canton,
CT


Torrington,
CT



Relatives

Stanley

Leonard


Raymond

Leonard


Katelyn

Leonard


Wendy

Leonard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
L
Leonard, age 32

Leonard Leonard
Perez-Rosa Leonard


Locations

Winter Park,
FL


Junction City,
KS


Hinesville,
GA


El Paso,
TX


Fayetteville,
NC



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
R
Leonard, age 61

Leonard Leonard
Carroll Leonard


Locations

Castaic,
CA


Burbank,
CA


Newhall,
CA


Stevenson Ranch,
CA


Woodland Hills,
CA



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
S
Leonard, age 58

Pamela Leonard
Pam Leonard


Locations

Sequim,
WA


Hanahan,
SC


Charleston,
SC


San Diego,
CA


Spokane,
WA



Relatives

Bernard

Ray


B

Ray



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
L
Leonard, age 56

Lewis Leonard


Locations

Hudson,
CO


Brighton,
CO


Dover,
FL


Lakeland,
FL


Fountain,
CO



Relatives

Mark

Leonard


Mary

Leonard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
C
Leonard, age 70

Leonard Leonard
Lenny Leonard


Locations

Proctorville,
OH


Lexington,
KY


Huntington,
WV


Wheelersburg,
OH


Barboursville,
WV



Relatives

Penny

Church


Jill

Church


D

Church



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
L
Leonard, age 58

Leonard Leonard
Jr Leonard


Locations

Hazlehurst,
MS


Winston,
GA


Austell,
GA


Lithia Springs,
GA


Michigan City,
IN



Relatives

Morgan

Ray


Sean

Ray


Christopher

Ray


Nicholas

Ray


Stennis

Ray



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
E
Leonard, age 78

Raymond Leonard


Locations

Clifton,
CO


Grand Junction,
CO


Denver,
CO


Wheat Ridge,
CO


Arvada,
CO



Relatives

Jokaylena

Leonard


Harold

Leonard


Patricia

Leonard


Teresa

Leonard


Robert

Leonard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
M
Leonard, age 84

Raymond Leonard


Locations

Kenai,
AK


Niland,
CA


Arlington,
WA


Enumclaw,
WA


Kasilof,
AK



Relatives

Gertrude

Leonard


Carol

Leonard


Helene

Leonard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
H
Leonard, age 91

Leonard Leonard


Locations

Price,
UT


Helper,
UT


Bloomfield,
NM


Farmington,
NM


Flora Vista,
NM



Relatives

Patrick

Leonard


Charlotte

Leonard


Vicki

Leonard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
A
Leonard, age 47

Raymond Leonard
Raynond Leonard


Locations

Seymour,
TN


Sevierville,
TN


Saint Petersburg,
FL


Bell,
FL


Pinellas Park,
FL



Relatives

Crystal

Leonard


Gary

Leonard


Sam

Leonard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
W
Leonard, age 74

William Leonard
Leonard Leonard


Locations

Hudson,
FL


Tampa,
FL


Saint Petersburg,
FL


Fort White,
FL


Mobile,
AL



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ray
R
Leonard, age 69

Douglas Leonard


Locations

Chatham,
LA


West Monroe,
LA



Relatives

Beverly

Lenard


Jarrod

Lenard


Joy

Lenard


Daniel

Lenard


Debra

Lenard



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Statistics for all
432
Ray Leonard results:



66 yrs
Average age
23% are in their 50s, while the average age is 66.


$65k
average income
Our wealth data indicates income average is $65k.


100%
Caucasian
Our ethnicity data indicates the majority is Caucasian.


56%
Married
56% of these people are married, and 44% are single.





Business Records related to Ray Leonard:




Ray Leonard


Title:
Senior Product Support Engineer


Company:
Russell J Wolfe


CoWorkers:
Russell Wolfe




Ray Leonard


Title:
Ceo


Company:
Donald C Delisi Jr Dmd


CoWorkers:
Donald Delisi




Ray Leonard


Title:
Strategic Marketing Consultant


Company:
Clear Channel Communications


CoWorkers:
Kimberly Bonam, Linda Healy, Megan Glenn, Shannon Knoepke, Steve Wazz






Facebook

Twitter

Google Plus

YouTube

LinkedIn



About
Careers
Affiliates
Blog
Privacy
Terms
Contact
FAQs

More



People Search
email lookup
reverse phone lookup
ADDRESS LOOKUP
DIRECTORY



Spokeo is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to make decisions about employment, tenant screening, or any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Copyright © 2006-2017 Spokeo, Inc.





















 



Leonard Ray (@leonardrayonkeys) • Instagram photos and videos


































































































Leonard Ray Seward | Ponca City | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Leonard Ray Seward?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Leonard Ray Seward
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






L







BZ Score:
90







License # 052492




Ponca City, OK









Leonard Ray Seward




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


 best Plumbers in Ponca City 

 



Updated: Jan 21, 2016





Overview

Leonard Ray Seward in Ponca City, OK holds a Plumbing Contractor License Application, Plumbing Contractor License  license (052492) according to the Oklahoma license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.Their license (052492) was verified as active when we last checked. If you are thinking of hiring Leonard Ray Seward, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Leonard Ray Seward Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Boiler/Water Heater
Fire Sprinkler Systems
Gas and Piping
Sewer Laterals
Septic Tanks and Systems
Plumbing






Contact


Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.







Leonard Ray Seward Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Leonard Ray Seward. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Leonard Ray Seward










1
Rate this plumber







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this plumber.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Leonard Ray Seward,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code




Request a Quote







License info














Verified License


License #052492StatusActiveStateOklahomaTypePlumbing Contractor License Application, Plumbing Contractor License


BuildZoom has not verified this license since June, 2015.Verify this license's status for Leonard Ray Seward at the Oklahoma Construction Industries Board.












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor








Employees







Leonard Ray Seward
Owner


















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Oklahoma:













Does Leonard Ray Seward carry a valid contracting license?



Oklahoma does not license residential construction contractors, except in the electrical, mechanical, and plumbing trades. There are some special requirements for nonresident contractors.
Leonard Ray Seward currently holds license 052492 (Plumbing Contractor License Application, Plumbing Contractor License), which was Active when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Oklahoma?



Specialty contractors must pass a trade exam to become licensed in Oklahoma. 











Your liability risk when hiring Leonard Ray Seward



Although residential contractors are not required to carry general liability or workers' compensation insurance, it is a good idea to hire only contractors with active policies for each. Request a copy insurance certificate for each form of insurance before any work begins. 











Financial recourse when hiring Leonard Ray Seward



Specialty contractors in Oklahoma are required to obtain a surety bond. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Oklahoma, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal, and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner, choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Leonard Ray Seward
We will attempt to deliver your message to Leonard Ray Seward. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.
































































Leonard Products Liability Attorneys - LII Oklahoma Attorney Directory











































Search Cornell













Toggle navigation




























About LII
Get the Law 
Find a Lawyer
Legal Encyclopedia 
Help Out 










Legal Services & Lawyers

Attorney Login
				 | 
				Get Listed | 
				Get Badges | 
				FAQ
















Search

 








Leonard, 
	
Oklahoma


 Products Liability Lawyers






Claimed Lawyer  ProfileBlawgsearch





Steven V. Buckman


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(918) 940-2222Oklahoma City UniversityOklahoma, Texas, 10th Circuit, U.S. Supreme Court and ArkansasArkansas State Bar and Texas State Bar 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Logan Michael Jones


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(855) 525-2999University of Tulsa College of LawUniversity of Tulsa and University of UtahOklahomaOklahoma Bar Association and Oklahoma Bar 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Daniel David Draper III


Owasso, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(918) 272-9222University of TulsaUniversity of Oklahoma and Oklahoma State University - Stillwater10th Circuit, Oklahoma, U.S. Supreme Court, Muscogee (Creek) Nation and Court of Federal ClaimsUniversity of Tulsa College of Law and University of Tulsa College of LawOklahoma Real Estate Commission and Oklahoma State Bar 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Robert S. Denton


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(918) 631-7181Pepperdine University School of LawUniversity of OklahomaCalifornia, Federal Circuit and OklahomaDivorce Attorney Tulsa, Factors Considered by a Judge in Determining Child Custody in Tulsa... 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





William "Chad" McLain


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(800) 390-6600University of Tulsa College of LawWofford College10th Circuit and OklahomaSuper Lawyers, Super Lawyers, Martindale-Hubbel, Super Lawyers...Oklahoma County Bar Association, Tulsa County Bar Association... 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Mark K. Graddy


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(918) 585-2751University of TulsaDrury UniversityOklahoma and TexasOklahoma State Bar and State Bar of Texas 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Tony Edwards


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(877) 761-5059 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Matthew Patterson


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(877) 761-5059Oklahoma Bar Association 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Ms. Donna Elizabeth Dukes


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(918) 495-3551Oklahoma City University School of LawOklahoma and 10th CircuitOklahoma State Bar 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Cynthia K Garrett Esq.


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(918) 584-0070 





 View Lawyer Profile





Sponsored Listings




Get Featured, Get Found.
Learn about premium placements





Attorney at Law


PREMIUM














 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Profile






Get Featured, Get Found.
Learn about premium placements





Attorney at Law


PREMIUM














 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Paul Northcutt


McAlester, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(918) 558-4727Oklahoma City University School of LawOklahomaOklahoma Bar Association and Pittsburg County Bar Association 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Jeremy Zackary Carter


Newcastle, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(405) 392-3300University of Oklahoma College of Law10th Circuit, Oklahoma and U.S. Supreme CourtSuper LawyersOklahoma State Bar 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Leonard Ray Maples II


Edmond, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(877) 478-3737Oklahoma City University School of LawUniversity System of Georgia - Valdosta State UniversityOklahomaSuper Lawyers, Martindale-Hubbell, Multi-Million Dollar Advocates Forum, Million Dollar Advocates Forum...American Association for Justice, American Bar Association...Attorney L Ray Maples, II Named To Million Dollar Advocates Forum and Multi-Million Dollar Advocates Forum and Don't Wreck Twice 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





George Robinson Stratton III


Edmond, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(405) 341-0987Oklahoma City University School of LawOklahomaOklahoma City Police Department and Oklahoma City Police DepartmentOklahoma State Bar and Oklahoma Bar Association 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Stephen Shea Bracken


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(405) 752-5565Oklahoma City University School of LawOklahoma State University - StillwaterOklahomaUnited States Marine Corps and United State Marine CorpsOklahoma Bar Association and Oklahoma Association of Justice 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Edwin Abel


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(405) 239-7046University of OklahomaUniversity of OklahomaOklahomaSuper Lawyers, Super Lawyers, Best Lawyers, Super Lawyers...Oklahoma State Bar, American College of Trial Lawyers... 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Douglas J. Shelton


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(405) 605-8800University of Oklahoma College of LawOxford University in Oxford, England and University of Salamanca in Salamanca, Spain10th Circuit and OklahomaOKC Metro, American Bar Association and Martindale HubbellOklahoma State Bar, American Association for Justice... 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Lauren Brown


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(405) 319-3504Oklahoma City University School of LawOklahomaOklahoma Bar Association and Oklahoma County Bar Association 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Joshua J. Blair


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(888) 490-7933Oklahoma City UniversityUniversity of OklahomaMuscogee Creek Nation, Oklahoma and U.S. District Court Western District of OklahomaOklahoma Bar Association 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Eddie Foraker


McAlester, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  



(918) 423-0421University of Tulsa College of LawOklahomaOklahoma Bar Association 





 View Website
 View Lawyer Profile




 
Next
The LII Lawyer Directory contains lawyers who have claimed their profiles and are actively seeking clients. Find more Leonard, Oklahoma Products Liability Lawyers in the Justia Legal Services and Lawyers Directory which includes profiles of more than one million lawyers licensed to practice in the United States, in addition to profiles of legal aid, pro bono and legal service organizations.Lawyers - Claim and update full profiles for free! 


Researching Attorney Discipline
Find out whether an attorney has ever been disciplined.






About LII
Contact Us
Advertise Here
Help
Terms of Use














Leonard Products Liability Lawyers - Compare Top Products Liability Attorneys in Leonard, Oklahoma - Justia





























































 









Log InSign Up 











in















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing











Leonard, 
	
Oklahoma


 Products Liability Lawyers






Claimed Lawyer  ProfileBlawgsearch





Steven V. Buckman


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 32 years experience 





(918) 940-2222 


													10108 East 79th Street

Tulsa, 
					OK 74133 





Products Liability, Business, Construction and Personal Injury 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Steven V. Buckman has extensive experience in complex litigation, first party insurance coverage issues, business disputes, construction litigation and extracontractual litigation involving bad faith. He has been helping Oklahoma businesses and companies for over 30 years. Admitted to the United States Supreme Court, 10th Circuit Court of Appeals, and all Oklahoma courts. 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Logan Michael Jones


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 6 years experience 





(855) 525-2999 



													616 South Boston Avenue
																			2nd Floor

Tulsa, 
					OK 74119 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Civil Rights, Criminal and Nursing HomeUniversity of Tulsa College of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Logan was born in Los Angeles, California and was raised on a farm in Utah.   At an early age, Logan learned the value of hard work by performing chores on a dairy farm and, together with his brothers, delivering the regional daily newspaper to subscribers in their hometown. At 19, Logan served a two-year mission for the Church Of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints in Italy where he learned to speak, write, and read Italian – an ability he still has today.   Logan went on to earn a degree in Accounting at the University Of... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Robert S. Denton


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 10 years experience 





(918) 631-7181 



													320 S. Boston Ave, Ste. 1030

Tulsa, 
					OK 74103 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Business, Civil Rights and Personal InjuryPepperdine University School of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Robert Denton is a trial attorney who focuses his practice in Family Law (divorce, child custody, child support, alimony, etc.), Personal Injury Law (Car Accidents, Slip-and-Fall, On the Job Injuries), DUI, Criminal Law, and more. 

Prior to founding the Denton Law Firm PLLC Robert worked for a downtown civil defense firm. While at the firm, Robert Denton refined his civil litigation experience by practicing in medical malpractice defense, municipal defense, civil rights defense and general defense litigation. 

Prior to working in civil litigation defense, Robert Denton was a Deputy District Attorney for the Ventura County District Attorney's Office in Ventura,... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





William "Chad" McLain


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 15 years experience 





(800) 390-6600 



													4137 S. Harvard Avenue
																			Suite F

Tulsa, 
					OK 74135 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice and Personal InjuryUniversity of Tulsa College of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


William “Chad” McLain is a leader in the field of personal injury law. Chad handles injury and death claims arising from serious automobile, trucking collisions and life-altering accidents. He has recovered millions of dollars in settlements, awards and verdicts for his clients. As a former insurance claims specialist, he has a keen understanding of the ins and outs of the claims and litigation side of the insurance industry. Chad is passionate about pursuing justice for his clients injured through the negligence of others. He focuses his practice in personal injury, wrongful death, medical negligence, business contract litigation, and insurance bad... 








Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Mark K. Graddy


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(918) 585-2751 


													515 South Main Street Suite 300

Tulsa, 
					OK 74103 





Products Liability, Appeals, Asbestos and Business 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Ms. Donna Elizabeth Dukes


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 16 years experience 





(918) 495-3551 


													2624 E 21st St, Suite 1

Tulsa, 
					OK 74114 





Products Liability, Business, Consumer and Personal InjuryOklahoma City University School of Law 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Matthew Patterson


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(877) 761-5059 


													1831 East 71st Street

Tulsa, 
					OK 74136 





Products Liability, Criminal, Medical Malpractice and Personal Injury 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Tony Edwards


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Lawyer.  





(877) 761-5059 


													1831 East 71st Street

Tulsa, 
					OK 74136 





Products Liability, Asbestos, Medical Malpractice and Personal Injury 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Tony Edwards was born and raised in McAlester and has devoted himself to serving the legal needs of the people in his home area. He achieved an AV rating from Martindale-Hubbell, indicating the highest level in legal ability and ethical standards.  He received his undergraduate degree in sociology and psychology from East Central University in Ada and then went to Oklahoma University College of Law, receiving his J.D. in 1982. 

(877) 761-5059 



													321 South 3rd, Suite 1

McAlester, 
					OK 74501 





 








Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Cynthia K Garrett Esq.


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(918) 584-0070 


													406 S. Boulder, Suite 400

Tulsa, 
					OK 74103 





Products Liability 





 View Lawyer Profile











Social Media





Mark Thetford


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 29 years experience 





(800) 304-9246 



													Prism Office Center
																			8282 S. Memorial Dr.

Tulsa, 
					OK 74133 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Civil Rights, Criminal and Personal InjuryOklahoma City University School of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 View Lawyer Profile


Mark was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, August 25, 1956. 

(800) 304-9246 



													Westminster Executive Suites
																			10601 S. Western Avenue, Suite 117

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73170 







(800) 304-9246 



													321 S. 3rd Street
																			Suite 1

McAlester, 
					OK 74501 





 


Sponsored Listings




Get Featured, Get Found.
Learn about premium placements





Attorney at Law


PREMIUM














 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Profile






Get Featured, Get Found.
Learn about premium placements





Attorney at Law


PREMIUM














 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Profile

















Stephen John Rodolf Esq


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 10 years experience 





(918) 295-2100 


													401 S Boston Ave

Tulsa, 
					OK 74103 





Products Liability and Medical Malpractice 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile

















Jeremy Kalon Ward


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(918) 583-7129 


													525 S Main St

Tulsa, 
					OK 74103 





Products Liability and Business 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile

















Robert Dale James


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Lawyer.  






													4000 1 Williams Center

Tulsa, 
					OK 74172 





Products Liability, Arbitration & Mediation, Business and Personal Injury 





 View Lawyer Profile

















David Garrett


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 48 years experience 





(918) 622-9292 


													111 W 5th St

Tulsa, 
					OK 74103 





Products Liability, Bankruptcy, Personal Injury and Social Security Disability 





 View Lawyer Profile

















Jon Derek Ingle


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(918) 627-4567 


													1516 S Boston Ave

Tulsa, 
					OK 74119 





Products Liability and Personal Injury 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile

















Michael Scott Ash


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 28 years experience 





(918) 599-0001 


													401 S Boston Ave

Tulsa, 
					OK 74103 





Products Liability, Civil Rights, Medical Malpractice and Personal Injury 





 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Daniel David Draper III


Owasso, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 18 years experience 





(918) 272-9222 


													P.O. Box 383

Owasso, 
					OK 74055 





Products Liability, Appeals, Medical Malpractice and Personal InjuryUniversity of Tulsa 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Practice Areas:  Commercial Litigation, Contracts, Business/Corporate Law, Construction Law, Personal Injury, General Civil Litigation, Foreclosure/Loss Mitigation; Products Liability, Corporate Governance, Receiverships & Liquidation*, Administrative Law, Regulatory Compliance, Class Actions, Property Loss, Real Estate**, Family Law (* - outside counsel to the Oklahoma Insurance Commissioner; ** - Oklahoma Licensed Real Estate Broker) 

Since 1999, has directed and/or assisted with the receivership, liquidation or rehabilitation of the following insolvent insurance companies:

1.    AmCare Health Plans of Oklahoma, Inc.
2.    American Standard Life & Accident Insurance Company
3.    Eagle Life Insurance Company
4.    Eagle... 














James Robert Lloyd


Sand Springs, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 41 years experience 





(918) 246-0200 


													200 N Main St

Sand Springs, 
					OK 74063 





Products Liability, Personal Injury, Tax and Workers' Comp 





 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





George Robinson Stratton III


Edmond, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 26 years experience 





(405) 341-0987 


													Box 7834

Edmond, 
					OK 73083 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Business, Insurance Claims and Personal InjuryOklahoma City University School of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


(From an affiliate): "Rob provides legal counsel utilizing a unique skill set. In addition to maintaining a litigation practice since 1991, he has also served in law enforcement since 1997 at a large municipal police department. He has trained new patrol officers as a Field Training Officer and drafted training materials such as, “Officers’ Guide To Search and Seizure Pursuant to the 4th Amendment to the United States Constitution.” Certified by the State as an advanced instructor, he has been a police academy instructor teaching courses on Law, Search and Seizure, and Officer Safety. He served in an administrative capacity... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Paul Northcutt


McAlester, OK Products Liability  Lawyer.  





(918) 558-4727 



													321 S. Third St. Ste. 10
																			P.O. Box 458

McAlester, 
					OK 74501 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Criminal, Medical Malpractice and Personal InjuryOklahoma City University School of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


The Northcutt Law Firm offers best in class legal representation. Retain the firm and rest assured that you will have access to most capable and comprehensive legal representation available. 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Edwin Abel


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 51 years experience 





(405) 239-7046 



													900 NE 63rd St

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73105 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Medical Malpractice, Nursing Home and Personal InjuryUniversity of Oklahoma 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Ed Abel is an experienced personal injury, products liability and medical negligence attorney. Abel earned his Bachelor of Arts Degree from The University of Oklahoma and his Juris Doctor Degree from The University of Oklahoma College of Law, where he was selected as class president and graduated eighth in his class. Abel has received many prestigious awards and honors, such as "Best Lawyers in America" and "Super Lawyers." Aside from being a lawyer, Abel also frequently lectures at the Oklahoma University School of Law as well as the Oklahoma Bar Association. 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Lyle Clemens


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(888) 490-7933 



													128 W Hefner Rd

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73114 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice, Personal Injury and Workers' CompOklahoma City University 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Joshua J. Blair


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(888) 490-7933 



													128 W Hefner Rd

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73114 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice, Personal Injury and Workers' CompOklahoma City University 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Oklahoma City personal injury attorney Joshua J. Blair is a graduate of the University of Oklahoma and the Oklahoma City University College of Law. Attorney Blair is admitted to the Oklahoma Bar Association, the U.S. District Court Western District of Oklahoma, and the Muscogee Creek Nation Bar. While his legal practice is almost entirely devoted to personal injury, his intention behind his focused practice is with a simple purpose: to help injured victims of negligence or deliberate misconduct recover from their accidents with fair compensation. With this goal, Attorney Blair has since helped hundreds of individuals in and around the... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Tim Maxcey


McAlester, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 28 years experience 





(918) 423-0421 


													343 E Carl Albert Pkwy

McAlester, 
					OK 74501 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice, Personal Injury and Social Security DisabilityTexas Tech University School of Law 





 View Website
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Eddie Foraker


McAlester, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 8 years experience 





(918) 423-0421 


													343 E Carl Albert Pkwy

McAlester, 
					OK 74501 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice, Personal Injury and Workers' CompUniversity of Tulsa College of Law 





 View Website
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Robert Eugene Cowan


Poteau, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 22 years experience 





(918) 649-3800 



													109 Beard Ave., Ste. 108
																			PO Box 41

Poteau, 
					OK 74953 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Criminal, Medical Malpractice and Personal Injury 




 Show Preview 
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Former Assistant City Prosecutor
Former Assistant District Attorney
Former Drug Task Force Director 














Alvin Ray Wright


Edmond, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 14 years experience 





(405) 844-7000 


													1800 Canyon Park Cir

Edmond, 
					OK 73013 





Products Liability, Business and Energy 





 View Lawyer Profile

















Jerry Kirksey


Edmond, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(405) 348-9307 


													212 E 2nd St

Edmond, 
					OK 73034 





Products Liability and Personal Injury 





 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Stephen Shea Bracken


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 5 years experience 





(405) 752-5565 



													2929 NW 138th Street

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73134 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Medical Malpractice, Nursing Home and Personal InjuryOklahoma City University School of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Shea was born in Shawnee, Oklahoma but grew-up in Stillwater, Oklahoma.  Following high school, Shea served in the United States Marine Corp Infantry.  He is a decorated war veteran with a combat deployment to Fallujah during Operation Iraqi Freedom II.  Shea obtained his Bachelor of Arts from Oklahoma State University in 2008.  He graduated with honors from Oklahoma City University School of Law in 2011.  Shea is an active member in the community, including the Veterans of Foreign Wars, Marine Corp Legion, and OKC Young Professionals, and he volunteers with United Way of Central Oklahoma.... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Jeremy Zackary Carter


Newcastle, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(405) 392-3300 



													4717 SW 179th
																			P.O. Box 255

Newcastle, 
					OK 73065 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, DUI, Medical Malpractice and Personal InjuryUniversity of Oklahoma College of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Jeremy Z. Carter. Born in Shawnee, Oklahoma and raised in Seminole, he is a lifelong Oklahoman whose success has been the result of grace and very hard work. He attended Seminole State College, Oklahoma State University and the University of Oklahoma College of Law. After becoming an attorney, he was trained by the best in the business at a couple of very reputable and successful law firms. He represented insurance companies and multi-national corporations in complex litigation. But after starting a family, he decided it was time to start serving those people close to him and on his own terms. ... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Leonard Ray Maples II


Edmond, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 17 years experience 





(877) 478-3737 



													15401 N May Avenue

Edmond, 
					OK 73013 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice, Nursing Home and Personal InjuryOklahoma City University School of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Ray Maples first started off his career handling personal injury litigation matters on behalf of large corporations and insurance companies. In 2002, Maples dedicated his entire practice to helping individuals who are helpless against corporate giants. Maples devotes his work to helping injured people and focuses mainly in the fields of catastrophic injuries, defective products, trucking accidents, personal injury and nursing home neglect. 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Lauren Brown


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 3 years experience 





(405) 319-3504 


													105 N. Hudson Avenue
																			Suite 1000

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73102 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Business, Insurance Defense and Real EstateOklahoma City University School of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Lauren Brown focuses her practice in business and estate litigation and trial work.  She has also worked on a wide variety of insurance matters, including premises liability, commercial and business defense, and other complex civil litigation.   During law school Lauren served as Staff Editor for the Oklahoma City University Law Review, as well as Magister for the Phi Delta Phi Legal Honor Society. She was also involved in several academic groups, including the American Association of Justice trial team and as a student member of the William J. Holloway American Inn of Court. Lauren also worked under... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Douglas J. Shelton


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Lawyer.  





(405) 605-8800 



													7701 S Western Ave
																			#201

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73139 





Products Liability, Construction, Nursing Home and Personal InjuryUniversity of Oklahoma College of Law 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Chance L. Deaton


El Reno, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 3 years experience 





(405) 262-3502 



													421 S. Rock Island Ave

El Reno, 
					OK 73036 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Estate Planning, Personal Injury and ProbateOklahoma City University School of Law 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Dustin L Compton


Hinton, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 7 years experience 





(405) 542-2529 



													3510 N. Broadway

Hinton, 
					OK 73047 





Products Liability, Insurance Claims, Medical Malpractice and Personal InjuryOklahoma City University 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Jimmy D. Speed


Durant, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 9 years experience 





(918) 924-5291 



													219 N. 3rd Ave.

Durant, 
					OK 74701 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice and Personal InjuryUniversity of Tulsa College of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 View Lawyer Profile


SPEED LAW OFFICE
 
For effective and reliable legal services, contact Speed Law Office of Durant, Oklahoma. Since 2008, clients have been represented involving a variety of matters related to personal injuries and wrongful death. Our cases involve everything from motor vehicle wrecks, drunk driving wrecks, 18 wheeler wrecks, slip and fall to premises liability cases. Whether you were injured in a motor vehicle wreck, drunk driving wreck, 18 wheeler wreck, or another accident caused by someone's negligence, Speed Law Office will explain the facts and answer all of your questions honestly, so you can make informed decisions about your case.... 








Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Kelly A. George


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Lawyer.  





(405) 239-7711 



													204 North Robinson, Suite 1500

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73102 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice and Personal InjuryUniversity of Oklahoma College of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 View Lawyer Profile


Kelly A. George grew up intending to remain on his familyâs farm in southwestern Oklahoma and follow in his fatherâs and grandfatherâs footsteps.
But when he went away to attend Oklahoma Christian University in the early 1980s because his parents insisted on him obtaining a college degree, the farming economy sharply declined and became much less appealing. So when he received his B.S. degree in American Studies in 1985, George opted for an alternative career path. He decided to become a lawyer instead of a farmer, attending Oklahoma City University Law School and the University of Oklahoma College of Law, receiving... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Derek K. Burch


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(405) 239-7711 


													204 North Robinson Avenue
																			Suite 1500

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73102 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice, Nursing Home and Personal Injury 





 View Website
 View Lawyer Profile

















Gary Brooks


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 23 years experience 





(405) 840-1066 


													7100 N Classen Blvd

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73116 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice and Personal Injury 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile

















Richard Chilton Labarthe


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(405) 232-9990 


													304 NW 13th St

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73103 





Products Liability, Bankruptcy, Business and Immigration 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile




 
Next
Products Liability Lawyers in Nearby CitiesTulsaBroken ArrowBixbySapulpaJenksCowetaProducts Liability Lawyers in Nearby  CountiesWagoner  CountyTulsa  CountyOkmulgee  County 

FAQ Lawyers Get ListedRelated Practice AreasAsbestos & MesotheliomaMedical MalpracticePersonal Injury
	Need a lawyer? 


	The Justia Lawyer Directory is a listing of lawyers, legal aid organizations, and pro bono legal service organizations. Whether you were injured, are accused of a crime, or are merely engaging in everyday affairs that affect your legal rights or property, an attorney can help you resolve problems or prevent new ones from arising. 


	Here are just a few situations where you might want to seek the advice of an attorney: 



		You were injured in a car or truck accident 
	

		You have been arrested and charged with a crime, such as DUI or shoplifting 
	

		You are considering separating from your spouse 
	

		You have been subjected to harassment or other discrimination at work 
	


	Use Justia to research and compare Leonard attorneys so that you can make an informed decision when you hire your counsel. 


	It is important to research an attorney before hiring him or her. Be sure to evaluate an attorney's experience (types of cases handled, prior results obtained, etc.). Although prior results are not indicative of the likelihood of success in your case, they can help you make an informed decision. 


	Also worth serious consideration is the attorney's location, particularly if you will be traveling to visit him or her for consultations. 


	Finally, research an attorney to see whether he or she has ever been subject to discipline. Although disciplinary actions do not necessarily impact the attorney's competence to handle your case, they may affect your decision whether to hire. 


Researching Attorney Discipline
Find out whether an attorney has ever been disciplined.














 
                    © 2017  Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions











Products Liability Lawyers - Compare Top Products Liability Attorneys - Justia





























































 









Log InSign Up 











in















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing













 Products Liability Lawyers 



Browse By
StatesCities 



Find Products Liability Lawyers  by State
California
Florida
Illinois
New York
Pennsylvania
Texas


Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Washington, DC


Find Products Liability Lawyers  by CityChicagoDallasHoustonLos AngelesNew York CityWashington, DCAlbuquerqueAtlantaAustinBaltimoreBirminghamBostonCharlotteChicagoCincinnatiClevelandColumbusDallasDenverDetroitFort WorthHartfordHonoluluHoustonIndianapolisJacksonvilleKansas City, MOLas VegasLos AngelesLouisvilleMemphisMiamiMilwaukeeMinneapolisNashvilleNew OrleansNew York CityOklahoma CityOrlandoPhiladelphiaPhoenixPittsburghPortlandProvidenceRaleighRichmondRiversideSacramentoSaint LouisSalt Lake CitySan AntonioSan DiegoSan FranciscoSan JoseSeattleTampaWashington, DC





FAQ Lawyers Get ListedRelated Practice AreasAsbestos & MesotheliomaMedical MalpracticePersonal Injury
	Need a lawyer? 


	The Justia Lawyer Directory is a listing of lawyers, legal aid organizations, and pro bono legal service organizations. Whether you were injured, are accused of a crime, or are merely engaging in everyday affairs that affect your legal rights or property, an attorney can help you resolve problems or prevent new ones from arising. 


	Here are just a few situations where you might want to seek the advice of an attorney: 



		You were injured in a car or truck accident 
	

		You have been arrested and charged with a crime, such as DUI or shoplifting 
	

		You are considering separating from your spouse 
	

		You have been subjected to harassment or other discrimination at work 
	


	Use Justia to research and compare attorneys so that you can make an informed decision when you hire your counsel. 


	It is important to research an attorney before hiring him or her. Be sure to evaluate an attorney's experience (types of cases handled, prior results obtained, etc.). Although prior results are not indicative of the likelihood of success in your case, they can help you make an informed decision. 


	Also worth serious consideration is the attorney's location, particularly if you will be traveling to visit him or her for consultations. 


	Finally, research an attorney to see whether he or she has ever been subject to discipline. Although disciplinary actions do not necessarily impact the attorney's competence to handle your case, they may affect your decision whether to hire. 



Researching Attorney Discipline
Find out whether an attorney has ever been disciplined.














 
                    © 2017  Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions











Oklahoma Products Liability Lawyers - Compare Top Products Liability Attorneys in Oklahoma - Justia






























































 









Log InSign Up 











in















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing











Oklahoma

 Products Liability Lawyers 



Browse By
CitiesCounties 



Find Oklahoma Products Liability Lawyers  by CityAdaAltusArdmoreBartlesvilleBethanyBixbyBlanchardBroken ArrowChickashaChoctawClaremoreDel CityDuncanDurantEdmondEl RenoEnidGuthrieLawtonMcalesterMiamiMidwest CityMooreMuskogeeMustangNormanOklahoma CityOwassoPonca CitySand SpringsSapulpaShawneeStillwaterTahlequahTulsaYukonShow All
Find Oklahoma Products Liability Lawyers  by  CountyCanadian CountyCarter CountyCleveland CountyComanche CountyCreek CountyGarfield CountyKay CountyLe Flore CountyMuskogee CountyOklahoma CountyPayne CountyPittsburg CountyPottawatomie CountyRogers CountyStephens CountyTulsa CountyWagoner CountyWashington CountyShow All









Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Leonard Ray Maples II


Edmond, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 17 years experience 





(877) 478-3737 



													15401 N May Avenue

Edmond, 
					OK 73013 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice, Nursing Home and Personal InjuryOklahoma City University School of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Ray Maples first started off his career handling personal injury litigation matters on behalf of large corporations and insurance companies. In 2002, Maples dedicated his entire practice to helping individuals who are helpless against corporate giants. Maples devotes his work to helping injured people and focuses mainly in the fields of catastrophic injuries, defective products, trucking accidents, personal injury and nursing home neglect. 








Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Stephen Shea Bracken


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 5 years experience 





(405) 752-5565 



													2929 NW 138th Street

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73134 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Medical Malpractice, Nursing Home and Personal InjuryOklahoma City University School of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Shea was born in Shawnee, Oklahoma but grew-up in Stillwater, Oklahoma.  Following high school, Shea served in the United States Marine Corp Infantry.  He is a decorated war veteran with a combat deployment to Fallujah during Operation Iraqi Freedom II.  Shea obtained his Bachelor of Arts from Oklahoma State University in 2008.  He graduated with honors from Oklahoma City University School of Law in 2011.  Shea is an active member in the community, including the Veterans of Foreign Wars, Marine Corp Legion, and OKC Young Professionals, and he volunteers with United Way of Central Oklahoma.... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Edwin Abel


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 51 years experience 





(405) 239-7046 



													900 NE 63rd St

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73105 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Medical Malpractice, Nursing Home and Personal InjuryUniversity of Oklahoma 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Ed Abel is an experienced personal injury, products liability and medical negligence attorney. Abel earned his Bachelor of Arts Degree from The University of Oklahoma and his Juris Doctor Degree from The University of Oklahoma College of Law, where he was selected as class president and graduated eighth in his class. Abel has received many prestigious awards and honors, such as "Best Lawyers in America" and "Super Lawyers." Aside from being a lawyer, Abel also frequently lectures at the Oklahoma University School of Law as well as the Oklahoma Bar Association. 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Jeremy Zackary Carter


Newcastle, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(405) 392-3300 



													4717 SW 179th
																			P.O. Box 255

Newcastle, 
					OK 73065 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, DUI, Medical Malpractice and Personal InjuryUniversity of Oklahoma College of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Jeremy Z. Carter. Born in Shawnee, Oklahoma and raised in Seminole, he is a lifelong Oklahoman whose success has been the result of grace and very hard work. He attended Seminole State College, Oklahoma State University and the University of Oklahoma College of Law. After becoming an attorney, he was trained by the best in the business at a couple of very reputable and successful law firms. He represented insurance companies and multi-national corporations in complex litigation. But after starting a family, he decided it was time to start serving those people close to him and on his own terms. ... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Paul Northcutt


McAlester, OK Products Liability  Lawyer.  





(918) 558-4727 



													321 S. Third St. Ste. 10
																			P.O. Box 458

McAlester, 
					OK 74501 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Criminal, Medical Malpractice and Personal InjuryOklahoma City University School of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


The Northcutt Law Firm offers best in class legal representation. Retain the firm and rest assured that you will have access to most capable and comprehensive legal representation available. 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Robert S. Denton


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 10 years experience 





(918) 631-7181 



													320 S. Boston Ave, Ste. 1030

Tulsa, 
					OK 74103 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Business, Civil Rights and Personal InjuryPepperdine University School of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Robert Denton is a trial attorney who focuses his practice in Family Law (divorce, child custody, child support, alimony, etc.), Personal Injury Law (Car Accidents, Slip-and-Fall, On the Job Injuries), DUI, Criminal Law, and more. 

Prior to founding the Denton Law Firm PLLC Robert worked for a downtown civil defense firm. While at the firm, Robert Denton refined his civil litigation experience by practicing in medical malpractice defense, municipal defense, civil rights defense and general defense litigation. 

Prior to working in civil litigation defense, Robert Denton was a Deputy District Attorney for the Ventura County District Attorney's Office in Ventura,... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Douglas J. Shelton


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Lawyer.  





(405) 605-8800 



													7701 S Western Ave
																			#201

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73139 





Products Liability, Construction, Nursing Home and Personal InjuryUniversity of Oklahoma College of Law 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





George Robinson Stratton III


Edmond, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 26 years experience 





(405) 341-0987 


													Box 7834

Edmond, 
					OK 73083 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Business, Insurance Claims and Personal InjuryOklahoma City University School of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


(From an affiliate): "Rob provides legal counsel utilizing a unique skill set. In addition to maintaining a litigation practice since 1991, he has also served in law enforcement since 1997 at a large municipal police department. He has trained new patrol officers as a Field Training Officer and drafted training materials such as, “Officers’ Guide To Search and Seizure Pursuant to the 4th Amendment to the United States Constitution.” Certified by the State as an advanced instructor, he has been a police academy instructor teaching courses on Law, Search and Seizure, and Officer Safety. He served in an administrative capacity... 








Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Chance L. Deaton


El Reno, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 3 years experience 





(405) 262-3502 



													421 S. Rock Island Ave

El Reno, 
					OK 73036 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Estate Planning, Personal Injury and ProbateOklahoma City University School of Law 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Logan Michael Jones


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 6 years experience 





(855) 525-2999 



													616 South Boston Avenue
																			2nd Floor

Tulsa, 
					OK 74119 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Civil Rights, Criminal and Nursing HomeUniversity of Tulsa College of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Logan was born in Los Angeles, California and was raised on a farm in Utah.   At an early age, Logan learned the value of hard work by performing chores on a dairy farm and, together with his brothers, delivering the regional daily newspaper to subscribers in their hometown. At 19, Logan served a two-year mission for the Church Of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints in Italy where he learned to speak, write, and read Italian – an ability he still has today.   Logan went on to earn a degree in Accounting at the University Of... 


Sponsored Listings




Get Featured, Get Found.
Learn about premium placements





Attorney at Law


PREMIUM














 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Profile






Get Featured, Get Found.
Learn about premium placements





Attorney at Law


PREMIUM














 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





T. Luke Abel


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 10 years experience 





(405) 239-7046 


													900 NE 63rd Street

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73105 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Insurance Claims and Personal InjuryUniversity of Oklahoma 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Luke Abel's practice is limited to personal injury cases representing people who have been injured through the fault (or negligence) of others. This involves motor vehicle accidents, product failures, medical malpractice cases and various others.   Involved in the Oklahoma Bar Association, American Bar Association, Oklahoma County Bar Association, Oklahoma Association for Justice, American Association for Justice, Oklahoma Legal Aid and Oklahoma Lawyers for Children. 








Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Daniel David Draper III


Owasso, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 18 years experience 





(918) 272-9222 


													P.O. Box 383

Owasso, 
					OK 74055 





Products Liability, Appeals, Medical Malpractice and Personal InjuryUniversity of Tulsa 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Practice Areas:  Commercial Litigation, Contracts, Business/Corporate Law, Construction Law, Personal Injury, General Civil Litigation, Foreclosure/Loss Mitigation; Products Liability, Corporate Governance, Receiverships & Liquidation*, Administrative Law, Regulatory Compliance, Class Actions, Property Loss, Real Estate**, Family Law (* - outside counsel to the Oklahoma Insurance Commissioner; ** - Oklahoma Licensed Real Estate Broker) 

Since 1999, has directed and/or assisted with the receivership, liquidation or rehabilitation of the following insolvent insurance companies:

1.    AmCare Health Plans of Oklahoma, Inc.
2.    American Standard Life & Accident Insurance Company
3.    Eagle Life Insurance Company
4.    Eagle... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Lauren Brown


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 3 years experience 





(405) 319-3504 


													105 N. Hudson Avenue
																			Suite 1000

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73102 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Business, Insurance Defense and Real EstateOklahoma City University School of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Lauren Brown focuses her practice in business and estate litigation and trial work.  She has also worked on a wide variety of insurance matters, including premises liability, commercial and business defense, and other complex civil litigation.   During law school Lauren served as Staff Editor for the Oklahoma City University Law Review, as well as Magister for the Phi Delta Phi Legal Honor Society. She was also involved in several academic groups, including the American Association of Justice trial team and as a student member of the William J. Holloway American Inn of Court. Lauren also worked under... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Eddie Foraker


McAlester, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 8 years experience 





(918) 423-0421 


													343 E Carl Albert Pkwy

McAlester, 
					OK 74501 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice, Personal Injury and Workers' CompUniversity of Tulsa College of Law 





 View Website
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





William "Chad" McLain


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 15 years experience 





(800) 390-6600 



													4137 S. Harvard Avenue
																			Suite F

Tulsa, 
					OK 74135 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice and Personal InjuryUniversity of Tulsa College of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


William “Chad” McLain is a leader in the field of personal injury law. Chad handles injury and death claims arising from serious automobile, trucking collisions and life-altering accidents. He has recovered millions of dollars in settlements, awards and verdicts for his clients. As a former insurance claims specialist, he has a keen understanding of the ins and outs of the claims and litigation side of the insurance industry. Chad is passionate about pursuing justice for his clients injured through the negligence of others. He focuses his practice in personal injury, wrongful death, medical negligence, business contract litigation, and insurance bad... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Joshua J. Blair


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(888) 490-7933 



													128 W Hefner Rd

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73114 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice, Personal Injury and Workers' CompOklahoma City University 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Oklahoma City personal injury attorney Joshua J. Blair is a graduate of the University of Oklahoma and the Oklahoma City University College of Law. Attorney Blair is admitted to the Oklahoma Bar Association, the U.S. District Court Western District of Oklahoma, and the Muscogee Creek Nation Bar. While his legal practice is almost entirely devoted to personal injury, his intention behind his focused practice is with a simple purpose: to help injured victims of negligence or deliberate misconduct recover from their accidents with fair compensation. With this goal, Attorney Blair has since helped hundreds of individuals in and around the... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Tim Maxcey


McAlester, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 28 years experience 





(918) 423-0421 


													343 E Carl Albert Pkwy

McAlester, 
					OK 74501 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice, Personal Injury and Social Security DisabilityTexas Tech University School of Law 





 View Website
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Jimmy D. Speed


Durant, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 9 years experience 





(918) 924-5291 



													219 N. 3rd Ave.

Durant, 
					OK 74701 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice and Personal InjuryUniversity of Tulsa College of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 View Lawyer Profile


SPEED LAW OFFICE
 
For effective and reliable legal services, contact Speed Law Office of Durant, Oklahoma. Since 2008, clients have been represented involving a variety of matters related to personal injuries and wrongful death. Our cases involve everything from motor vehicle wrecks, drunk driving wrecks, 18 wheeler wrecks, slip and fall to premises liability cases. Whether you were injured in a motor vehicle wreck, drunk driving wreck, 18 wheeler wreck, or another accident caused by someone's negligence, Speed Law Office will explain the facts and answer all of your questions honestly, so you can make informed decisions about your case.... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileBlawgsearch





Steven V. Buckman


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 32 years experience 





(918) 940-2222 


													10108 East 79th Street

Tulsa, 
					OK 74133 





Products Liability, Business, Construction and Personal Injury 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Steven V. Buckman has extensive experience in complex litigation, first party insurance coverage issues, business disputes, construction litigation and extracontractual litigation involving bad faith. He has been helping Oklahoma businesses and companies for over 30 years. Admitted to the United States Supreme Court, 10th Circuit Court of Appeals, and all Oklahoma courts. 








Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Kelly A. George


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Lawyer.  





(405) 239-7711 



													204 North Robinson, Suite 1500

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73102 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice and Personal InjuryUniversity of Oklahoma College of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 View Lawyer Profile


Kelly A. George grew up intending to remain on his familyâs farm in southwestern Oklahoma and follow in his fatherâs and grandfatherâs footsteps.
But when he went away to attend Oklahoma Christian University in the early 1980s because his parents insisted on him obtaining a college degree, the farming economy sharply declined and became much less appealing. So when he received his B.S. degree in American Studies in 1985, George opted for an alternative career path. He decided to become a lawyer instead of a farmer, attending Oklahoma City University Law School and the University of Oklahoma College of Law, receiving... 








Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Lyle Clemens


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(888) 490-7933 



													128 W Hefner Rd

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73114 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice, Personal Injury and Workers' CompOklahoma City University 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Robert Eugene Cowan


Poteau, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 22 years experience 





(918) 649-3800 



													109 Beard Ave., Ste. 108
																			PO Box 41

Poteau, 
					OK 74953 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Criminal, Medical Malpractice and Personal Injury 




 Show Preview 
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Former Assistant City Prosecutor
Former Assistant District Attorney
Former Drug Task Force Director 








Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Mark K. Graddy


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(918) 585-2751 


													515 South Main Street Suite 300

Tulsa, 
					OK 74103 





Products Liability, Appeals, Asbestos and Business 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Dustin L Compton


Hinton, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 7 years experience 





(405) 542-2529 



													3510 N. Broadway

Hinton, 
					OK 73047 





Products Liability, Insurance Claims, Medical Malpractice and Personal InjuryOklahoma City University 





 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Tony Edwards


McAlester, OK Products Liability  Lawyer.  





(877) 761-5059 



													321 South 3rd, Suite 1

McAlester, 
					OK 74501 





Products Liability, Asbestos, Medical Malpractice and Personal Injury 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile


Tony Edwards was born and raised in McAlester and has devoted himself to serving the legal needs of the people in his home area. He achieved an AV rating from Martindale-Hubbell, indicating the highest level in legal ability and ethical standards.  He received his undergraduate degree in sociology and psychology from East Central University in Ada and then went to Oklahoma University College of Law, receiving his J.D. in 1982. 

(877) 761-5059 


													1831 East 71st Street

Tulsa, 
					OK 74136 





 








Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Ms. Donna Elizabeth Dukes


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 16 years experience 





(918) 495-3551 


													2624 E 21st St, Suite 1

Tulsa, 
					OK 74114 





Products Liability, Business, Consumer and Personal InjuryOklahoma City University School of Law 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Matthew Patterson


Mcalester, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(877) 761-5059 



													321 S. 3rd Street, Suite 1

Mcalester, 
					OK 74501 





Products Liability, Criminal, Medical Malpractice and Personal Injury 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  ProfileSocial Media





Derek K. Burch


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(405) 239-7711 


													204 North Robinson Avenue
																			Suite 1500

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73102 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice, Nursing Home and Personal Injury 





 View Website
 View Lawyer Profile











Claimed Lawyer  Profile





Cynthia K Garrett Esq.


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(918) 584-0070 


													406 S. Boulder, Suite 400

Tulsa, 
					OK 74103 





Products Liability 





 View Lawyer Profile











Social Media





Mark Thetford


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 29 years experience 





(800) 304-9246 



													Westminster Executive Suites
																			10601 S. Western Avenue, Suite 117

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73170 





Free ConsultationProducts Liability, Civil Rights, Criminal and Personal InjuryOklahoma City University School of Law 




 Show Preview 
 View Website
 View Lawyer Profile


Mark was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, August 25, 1956. 

(800) 304-9246 



													Prism Office Center
																			8282 S. Memorial Dr.

Tulsa, 
					OK 74133 







(800) 304-9246 



													321 S. 3rd Street
																			Suite 1

McAlester, 
					OK 74501 





 














Harry Arthur Woods Jr


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Lawyer.  





(405) 235-7754 


													20 N Broadway Ave

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73102 





Products Liability, Business and Personal Injury 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile

















Darin Todd Riddles


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Lawyer.  





(405) 272-0621 


													311 N Harvey Ave

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73102 





Products Liability, Business, Medical Malpractice and Personal Injury 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile

















Jon Derek Ingle


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(918) 627-4567 


													1516 S Boston Ave

Tulsa, 
					OK 74119 





Products Liability and Personal Injury 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile

















David Garrett


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 48 years experience 





(918) 622-9292 


													111 W 5th St

Tulsa, 
					OK 74103 





Products Liability, Bankruptcy, Personal Injury and Social Security Disability 





 View Lawyer Profile

















Stephen John Rodolf Esq


Tulsa, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 10 years experience 





(918) 295-2100 


													401 S Boston Ave

Tulsa, 
					OK 74103 





Products Liability and Medical Malpractice 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile

















Gary Brooks


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Lawyer. 23 years experience 





(405) 840-1066 


													7100 N Classen Blvd

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73116 





Products Liability, Medical Malpractice and Personal Injury 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile

















Richard Chilton Labarthe


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(405) 232-9990 


													304 NW 13th St

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73103 





Products Liability, Bankruptcy, Business and Immigration 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile

















Michael Lloyd Noland


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Attorney. 27 years experience 





(405) 280-7900 


													119 N Robinson Ave

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73102 





Products Liability 





 View Lawyer Profile

















Jerry Kirksey


Edmond, OK Products Liability  Attorney.  





(405) 348-9307 


													212 E 2nd St

Edmond, 
					OK 73034 





Products Liability and Personal Injury 





 View Lawyer Profile

















James Baxter Buxton


Oklahoma City, OK Products Liability  Lawyer.  





(405) 604-5577 


													3535 NW 58th St

Oklahoma City, 
					OK 73112 





Products Liability and Personal Injury 





 Email Lawyer
 View Lawyer Profile




 
Next
 

FAQ Lawyers Get ListedRelated Practice AreasAsbestos & MesotheliomaMedical MalpracticePersonal Injury
	Need a lawyer? 


	The Justia Lawyer Directory is a listing of lawyers, legal aid organizations, and pro bono legal service organizations. Whether you were injured, are accused of a crime, or are merely engaging in everyday affairs that affect your legal rights or property, an attorney can help you resolve problems or prevent new ones from arising. 


	Here are just a few situations where you might want to seek the advice of an attorney: 



		You were injured in a car or truck accident 
	

		You have been arrested and charged with a crime, such as DUI or shoplifting 
	

		You are considering separating from your spouse 
	

		You have been subjected to harassment or other discrimination at work 
	


	Use Justia to research and compare attorneys so that you can make an informed decision when you hire your counsel. 


	It is important to research an attorney before hiring him or her. Be sure to evaluate an attorney's experience (types of cases handled, prior results obtained, etc.). Although prior results are not indicative of the likelihood of success in your case, they can help you make an informed decision. 


	Also worth serious consideration is the attorney's location, particularly if you will be traveling to visit him or her for consultations. 


	Finally, research an attorney to see whether he or she has ever been subject to discipline. Although disciplinary actions do not necessarily impact the attorney's competence to handle your case, they may affect your decision whether to hire. 



Researching Attorney Discipline
Find out whether an attorney has ever been disciplined.














 
                    © 2017  Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













leonard ray | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Refine your search for leonard ray














Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






4,300
results for leonard ray

Follow leonard ray to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow leonard ray to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following leonard ray in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  leonard ray: 
 












Items in search results








Sugar Ray Leonard And Laila Ali - 2 Workouts o New DVD




					$11.97



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisSugar Ray Leonard And Laila Ali - 2 Workouts o New DVD










Sugar Ray Leonard & Laila Ali - Knockout Workout (DVD, 2007, 2-Disc) - Brand New









1 product rating




					$7.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping









Buy 1, get 1 50% off






FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Sat, Jul. 29















New listing
		DVD Box Set - Sugar Ray Leonard & Laila Ali Knockout 2-Pack Workouts (New)









1 product rating




					$11.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















Sugar Ray Leonard "New Edition" - Boxing Collection




					$35.00



				Buy It Now




					29 sold










BOXING Sugar Ray Leonard vs Thomas Hearns 1 & 2 DVD with interviews.




					$5.95



				Buy It Now














Sugar Ray Leonard  Laila Ali - Heavyweight Adv Workout (DVD, 2007) - Brand New









4 product ratings




					$6.44



				Buy It Now




Free shipping









Buy 1, get 1 50% off






FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Sat, Jul. 29















SUGAR RAY LEONARD | Historic Fights on DVD



$13.95


0 bids




					$23.95



				Buy It Now

















Leonard Bernstein: Beethoven - String Quartet No Blu-ray Region A




					$28.30

									List price: Previous Price
$39.98




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisLeonard Bernstein: Beethoven - String Quartet No Blu-ray Region A















Sugar Ray Leonard CAREER DVD SET - 29 CLASSIC FIGHTS TO WATCH




					$14.99



				Buy It Now




					22 watching










Sugar Ray Leonard & Laila Ali - Heavyweight Advanced Workout (DVD, 2007)









4 product ratings




					$6.75



				or Best Offer













Leonard;Sugar Ray/Ali;Laila Lightweight  DVD NEW




					$12.30



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisLeonard;Sugar Ray/Ali;Laila Lightweight  DVD NEW










Hal Leonard Stevie Ray Vaughan - Guitar Play-Along DVD Volume 32




					$11.99



				Buy It Now






See more like thisHal Leonard Stevie Ray Vaughan - Guitar Play-Along DVD Volume 32















Sugar Ray Leonard vs Duran 1,  2 & 3. Full Fights on DVD. Howard Cosell




					$7.40



				or Best Offer













Sugar Ray Leonard vs Marvin Hagler Full Fight.  Plus 30 min Bonus doc after.




					$5.50



				or Best Offer













SUGAR RAY LEONARD & LAILA ALI: LIGHTWEIGHT & HEAVYWEIGHT WORKOUTS (NEW DVD)




					$9.03



				Buy It Now






See more like thisSUGAR RAY LEONARD & LAILA ALI: LIGHTWEIGHT & HEAVYWEIGHT WORKOUTS (NEW DVD)










SUGAR RAY LEONARD & LAILA ALI: LIGHTWEIGHT & and HEAVYWEIGHT WORKOUTS (DVD) NEW




					$8.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisSUGAR RAY LEONARD & LAILA ALI: LIGHTWEIGHT & and HEAVYWEIGHT WORKOUTS (DVD) NEW







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Mon, Jul. 31















Leonard Bernstein's Candide In Concert [Blu-ray]









1 product rating




					$32.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













LEONARD COHEN: SONGS FROM THE ROAD NEW BLU-RAY




					$16.51

									List price: Previous Price
$24.98




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisLEONARD COHEN: SONGS FROM THE ROAD NEW BLU-RAY











Sugar Ray Leonard & Laila Ali - Heavyweight Advanced Workout (DVD, 2007) New









4 product ratings




					$6.45



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Sat, Jul. 29















SUGAR RAY LEONARD & LAILA ALI KNOCKOUT 2-PACK LIGHTWEIGHT & HEAVYWEIGHT WORKOUTS









1 product rating




					$9.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Mon, Jul. 31










Autograph of Sugar Ray Leonard on the cover of a Time Magazine



$18.95


0 bids

















Leonard Cohen I'm Your Man (Blu-ray) Documentary BRAND NEW SEALED




					$5.50



				Buy It Now













Sugar Ray Leonard & Laila Ali - KNOCKOUT 2-PACK Light & Heavyweight Workouts NEW









1 product rating




					$11.45



				Buy It Now




Free shipping


















SPONSORED
The Fab 4 - Sugar Ray Leonard, Marvin Hagler, Roberto Duran, Tommy Hearns




					$25.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					11+ watching










SPONSORED
1989 SUGAR RAY LEONARD vs THOMAS HEARNS II Vintage Boxing Fight Poster THE WAR




					$25.48

									Was: Previous Price
$28.95




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						12% off















Star Trek: The Original Series - Season 1 [Blu-ray] by William Shatner, Leonard





					$9.25



				Buy It Now













Leonard Bernstein Conducts Sibelius Blu-ray




					$28.07

									List price: Previous Price
$34.98




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisLeonard Bernstein Conducts Sibelius Blu-ray















Thomas Hearns & Sugar Ray Leonard Signed 8x10 Photo AUTO PSA/DNA COA


		STOCK PHOTO USED


$27.00


5 bids






















Sugar Ray Leonard & Roberto Duran Signed 8x10 Photo AUTO Beckett BAS COA


		STOCK PHOTO USED


$26.00


6 bids






















Sugar Ray Leonard Signed Boxing Glove AUTO PSA/DNA COA


		PROBSTEIN123 IS ACTIVELY ACCEPTING CONSIGNMENTS !!


$61.00


10 bids






















BOXING Sugar Ray Leonard vs Marvin Hagler DVD Plus 30 min Bonus doc after.




					$5.75



				Buy It Now













Sugar Ray Leonard Signed 26x47 Litho Boxing Poster AUTO PSA/DNA COA HOF


		STOCK PHOTO USED


$31.00


15 bids






















Sugar Ray Leonard Signed Boxing Robe AUTO Sz XXL PSA/DNA Sticker ONLY HOF


		Consign Now !! Probstein123 is accepting consignments !


$45.00


10 bids






















NEW House: Season 8 [Blu-ray] - Hugh Laurie, Robert Sean Leonard









5 product ratings




					$19.77



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













THE REVENANT BLU RAY + GATEFOLD SLIPCOVER SLEEVE AWARD WINNER LEONARD DICAPRIO




					$19.99



				or Best Offer




Free shipping




					62 sold



See more like thisTHE REVENANT BLU RAY + GATEFOLD SLIPCOVER SLEEVE AWARD WINNER LEONARD DICAPRIO







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Mon, Jul. 31















Leonard Cohen-Live in Dublin  (UK IMPORT)  CD with Blu-ray NEW




					$21.66



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisLeonard Cohen-Live in Dublin  (UK IMPORT)  CD with Blu-ray NEW




					From United Kingdom







Sugar Ray Leonard Signed Everlast Boxing Shoe AUTO Sz 8 PSA/DNA COA HOF


		Consign Now !! Probstein123 is accepting consignments !


$49.00


17 bids






















1988 Poster SUGAR RAY LEONARD & DONNY LALONDE Training CAESARS PALACE Poconos




					$50.00



				Buy It Now


















Hal Leonard Stevie Ray Vaughan Classics - Guitar Play-Along DVD Volume 43




					$16.99



				Buy It Now






See more like thisHal Leonard Stevie Ray Vaughan Classics - Guitar Play-Along DVD Volume 43















Sugar Ray Leonard/Roberto Duran 1980 Fight Coverage Chicago Tribune



$9.99


0 bids

















Leonard Bernstein’s “Candide” A Comic Operetta on Blu Ray Kristin Chenoweth









1 product rating




					$17.95

									Was: Previous Price
$19.95




				or Best Offer




						10% off










Authentic Roberto Duran Sugar Ray Leonard Welterweight Closed Circuit Poster




					$79.75



				Buy It Now


















1989 SUGAR RAY LEONARD & ROBERTO DURAN III DUAL AUTOGRAPHED TICKET WITH PSA/DNA!




					$99.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Mon, Jul. 31










Sugar Ray Leonard vs Roberto Duran III *POSTER* BOXING 1989 Las Vegas BUDWEISER




					$12.94



				Buy It Now













LEONARD COHEN: I'M YOUR MAN BLU-RAY - U2 - NICK CAVE - RUFUS WAINWRIGHT




					$17.99



				Buy It Now






See more like thisLEONARD COHEN: I'M YOUR MAN BLU-RAY - U2 - NICK CAVE - RUFUS WAINWRIGHT










Hal Leonard Stevie Ray Vaughan - Guitar Play-Along DVD Volume 32




					$15.08



				Buy It Now






See more like thisHal Leonard Stevie Ray Vaughan - Guitar Play-Along DVD Volume 32















Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan Used Blu-ray William Shatter Leonard Nemoy









7 product ratings




					$5.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Mon, Jul. 31















Sugar Ray Leonard & Laila Ali: Lightweight Beginner's Workout 2007 DVD SHIPS NEX









2 product ratings




					$5.60

									Was: Previous Price
$6.15




				or Best Offer




Free shipping




						9% off







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Mon, Jul. 31










Sugar Ray Leonard Authentic Autographed Signed Magazine Page Photo PSA/DNA




					$35.00



				or Best Offer


















Riot (DVD, 2004) VERY RARE SUGAR RAY LEONARD 1996 CRIME THRILLER









1 product rating




					$19.95



				or Best Offer


















SUGAR RAY LEONARD RC ROOKIE CARD 1978 SPORTSCASTER




					$4.99



				or Best Offer




					25 sold










SUGAR RAY LEONARD AUTOGRAPHED SIGNED RED EVERLAST BOXING GLOVE LH PSA/DNA




					$79.00



				or Best Offer




					2 watching















SPONSORED
*New* Sugar Ray Leonard Signed Picture Boxing Glove




					$143.50



				or Best Offer







					From United Kingdom







SPONSORED
1981 SUGAR RAY LEONARD vs THOMAS HITMAN HEARNS Glossy 8x10 Photo Poster Print




					$4.99



				Buy It Now









Buy 4, get 1 free

















Tell us what you think




Pagination for search results




1
2
3
4
5








Items per page: 

50



25 
100 
200 









eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All

Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop
(2,085)




Boxing Autographed Photos
(460)


Other Boxing Autographed Items
(410)


Vintage Sports Magazines
(354)


Boxing Fan Apparel & Souvenirs
(223)


Baseball Cards
(118)




Autographed Boxing Gloves
(105)


Boxing Cards
(93)


MLB Fan Apparel & Souvenirs
(67)


More




Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
(1,017)




Men's T-Shirts
(928)




Men's Athletic Apparel
(127)


Men's Sweats & Hoodies
(37)


Unisex Adult T-Shirts
(25)


More




Collectibles
(545)




Collectible Sports Celebrity Photos (1940-Now)
(476)




Collectible Advertising
(16)


Paper Collectibles
(13)


More




Books
(357)




Magazine Back Issues
(232)


Nonfiction Books
(71)




Textbooks & Educational Books
(11)


Other Children & Young Adults
(11)


More





DVDs & Movies
(150)


Sporting Goods
(51)


Musical Instruments & Gear
(33)


Music
(32)


Toys & Hobbies
(25)


Entertainment Memorabilia
(20)


Business & Industrial
(8)


Art
(5)


Pottery & Glass
(3)


Video Games & Consoles
(3)


Home & Garden
(2)


Jewelry & Watches
(2)


Cameras & Photo
(1)


Tickets & Experiences
(1)


Dolls & Bears
(1)


Coins & Paper Money
(1)


Show more







Condition
see allCondition




New
(1,406)





Used
(559)





Not Specified
(2,335)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(4,300)




Auction
(101)




Buy It Now
(4,211)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...































*Learn about pricing




		 This page was last updated:  Jul-25 15:57. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.














 






Leonard Ray Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Leonard Ray Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Leonard's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Leonard Ray's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Leonard Ray's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Leonard Ray 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Leonard’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailLeonard’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Leonard’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Leonard is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Leonard’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Leonard is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Leonard's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Leonard's background in the comforts of home.
Leonard will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Leonard's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Leonard Ray, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Leonard's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 



























