







Edge Therapeutics, Inc  » Brian Leuthner







































MENU












Brian Leuthner
Brian A. Leuthner has been the Co-Founder, President and CEO of Edge Therapeutics, Inc. since its inception and also serves on the company’s board of directors. He has more than 25 years of experience in the hospital acute care marketplace, with a specific expertise in critical care and neurocritical care.
Prior to founding Edge, Mr. Leuthner was the CEO of Fontus Pharmaceuticals, the Senior Head of Marketing for The Medicines Company and the Director of Market Development for ESP Pharma. He also held marketing and sales positions of significant responsibility at Burroughs Wellcome, GlaxoWellcome and Ortho Biotech. In these leadership roles, he helped create and advance hospital business units, develop and launch new critical care products and strengthen customer relationships.
Mr. Leuthner received his B.S. and M.B.A. degrees from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.













Latest News

Edge Therapeutics Announces Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call on August 1, 2017					
Read More



Precisa Platform™

Precisa™, our proprietary, programmable, biodegradable polymer-based development platform, enables creation of polymer-based therapeutics capable of delivering directly to the site of injury.
Read More



EG-1962

Our lead product candidate, EG-1962, is currently in clinical development to improve patient outcomes versus standard of care after an aSAH resulting from a ruptured brain aneurysm.
Read More




















Leuthner, Brian A. - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Brian A. Leuthner
Brian A. Leuthner has been the Co-Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer of Edge Therapeutics, Inc., since its inception, and also serves on the company’s board of directors. He has more than 25 years of experience in the hospital acute care marketplace, with a specific expertise in critical care and neurocritical care. Prior to founding Edge, Mr. Leuthner was the CEO of Fontus Pharmaceuticals, the Senior Head of Marketing for The Medicines Company and the Director of Market Development for ESP Pharma. He also held marketing and sales positions of significant responsibility at Burroughs Wellcome, GlaxoWellcome and Ortho Biotech. In these leadership roles, he helped create and advance hospital business units, develop and launch new critical care products, and strengthen customer relationships. Mr. Leuthner received his B.S. and MBA degrees from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Related Interviews:Interview with the Co-Founder, President and CEO: Edge Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:EDGE)May 24, 2016







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundPaula R. Wieck Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesBuy ($25)Managing Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsJeffrey P. CornellMichael S. Jordan Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AAPL GOOG SAP NSRGY Buy ($25)Identifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up ProcessRahul  Sharma Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: 600690 GE ASX TSM HDFC LUKOY XOM TOT RDS/A IBULHSGFIN ARCLK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundManaging Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsIdentifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up Process 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














Brian Leuthner                                                                                                           - Superior                                          , WI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WI



Superior



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Brian Leuthner
                                    



 





















B 


Brian Leuthner                                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



8 N 26TH ST APT 2 SUPERIOR, WI 54880
Get Directions



(715) 398-7704
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $73,209.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Taylor J Leuthner                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Brian Leuthner                                                                                                           was founded in 2010, and is located at 8 N 26th St Apt 2 in Superior. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Taylor J Leuthner                                                                                                        at (715) 398-7704. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Brian A. Leuthner: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 7:08 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Edge Therapeutics, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Brian A. Leuthner  Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, Edge Therapeutics, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 1 different industries.See Board Relationships52$1,840,694As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Brian A. Leuthner Co-founded Edge Therapeutics Inc. in January 2009 and has been its Chief Executive Officer and President since January 2009. Mr. Leuthner served as Marketing Executive in the hospital critical care marketplace growing hospital business units, products and customer bases for 22 years. He has entrepreneurial experience includes starting Fontus Pharmaceuticals as Chief Executive Officer. He has been a Director of Edge Therapeutics Inc. since January ... 2009. He served as Director of Market Development for start-up ESP Pharma. He received his Bachelors of Science and Masters in Business Administration degree from The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
300 Connell DriveBerkeley Heights, New Jersey 07922United StatesPhone: 800-208-3343Fax: 908-790-1212
Board Members Memberships
2009-PresentCo-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorEdge Therapeutics, Inc.
Education
BS University Of North Carolina At Chapel HillMBA University Of North Carolina At Chapel Hill
Other Affiliations
University Of North Carolina At Chapel Hill


Annual Compensation
Salary$467,500Total Annual Compensation$467,500
Stocks Options
Exercisable Options$454,100Unexercisable Options$558,008Total Number of Options$1,012,108
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$733,975Total Short Term Compensation$467,500Total Calculated Compensation$1,840,694




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Edge Therapeutics, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Brian Leuthner, Edge Therapeutics Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Brian Leuthner

President/CEO/Co-Founder,
Edge Therapeutics Inc






Career History




President/CEO/Co-Founder
Edge Therapeutics Inc, 1/2009-PRESENT



GLG Consultant, PRESENT









Website:
www.edgetherapeutics.com






Corporate Information
Address:

300 Connell Drive
Suite 4000
Berkeley Heights, NJ 07922
United States


Phone:
1-800-208-3343


Fax:
1-908-790-1212


Web url:
www.edgetherapeutics.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of North Carolina System
Bachelor's Degree


University of North Carolina System
MBA








Memberships



Board Memberships




Edge Therapeutics Inc


Board Member, 1/2009-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data











































 


    Brian Leuthner | Edge Therapeutics, Inc. | ZoomInfo.comEdge Therapeutics' (EDGE) CEO Brian Leuthner on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Edge Therapeutics' (EDGE) CEO Brian Leuthner on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay. 3.17 | About: Edge Therapeutics (EDGE) Edge Therapeutics (NASDAQ:EDGE)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 03, 2017, 08:30 AM ET
Executives
Greg Gin - Head, IR
Brian Leuthner - President and CEO
Bert Marchio - Chief Accounting and Administrative Officer and Interim CFO
Analysts
Paul Matties - Leerink Partners
Jason Butler - JMP Securities
Vamil Divan - Credit Suisse
Ed Arce - HC Wainwright and Company
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Edge Therapeutics First Quarter 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Greg Gin, of Edge Therapeutics. Please go ahead.
Greg Gin
Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today, we reported our first quarter 2017 financial results and recent corporate highlights. Joining me this morning are Brian Leuthner, President and CEO; and Bert Marchio, Chief Accounting and Administrative Officer and Interim CFO. Brian and Bert will make brief prepared remarks and then we’ll open up the call for Q&A.
Before we begin, let me note that the press release we issued this morning is available on our website at www.edgetherapeutics.com. In addition, the live webcast of this call is also available on our website. To access the website, click the Investor's link on the top navigation menu, then click on News & Events, then Events & Presentations on the left navigation menu. There will be taped replay of this call, which will be available approximately two hours after the call conclusion and will remain available for seven days. The operator will provide the replay instructions at the end of today's call.
Today's conference call may contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. To the extent that any statements made on this call contain information that is not historical, these statements are forward-looking statements and are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties including those noted in this morning's press release and Edge's financials filings with the SEC.
Investors, potential investors, and other listeners are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Edge specifically disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law.
And with that, I will now turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Leuthner
Thanks, Greg. I would like to welcome everyone to our call this morning.
I'll begin with a high-level summary of our first quarter results and financial activities before handing the call over to Bert Marchio for a more detailed review of our financial performance.
We began 2017 with positive momentum, driven primarily by substantial progress last year in our Phase 3 NEWTON 2 study of EG-1962 for aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage. We've continued that momentum and we're very pleased that we remain on track with our previously stated anticipated timelines for our topline efficacy data from the interim analysis and if necessary, the full data readout.
In the first quarter, we also initiated our study assessing intracisternal delivery of EG-1962 for aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage. Now before I provide details on our clinical progress, I wanted to briefly comment on our recently completed registered direct offering of common stock that was sold at a premium to the market price without any advantageous features over common stock.

So, this transaction was a result of an institutional investor, conducted substantial due diligence and then taking a high level of interest in Edge and also feeling that the stock was undervalued. During that transaction, we secured $18 million in gross proceeds from the transaction and this allows us to further strengthen our cash balance and provides the capital that will allow us to expedite precommercial activities for EG-1962 that we had previously planned to initiate after the NEWTON 2 interim data readout.
Moreover, the financing provides additional financial flexibility to expand our product portfolio, including advancing our early phase pipeline programs such as lumbar administration of EG-1962, EG-1964 for chronic subdural hematoma and some other potential opportunities.
At the same time, this transaction allowed us to broaden our strong shareholder base with a new healthcare dedicated long-term focused institutional investor.
So now, let me turn to our clinical programs, so let's begin with our lead program EG-1962 for aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage or the more common known -- more commonly as a ruptured brain aneurysm. Remember that this is a catastrophic medical emergency associated with extremely high resource utilization, both in the hospital and after discharge from the hospital.
This is a condition with poor clinical outcomes, typically striking a patient population with an average age of 52 years old and right now only a single therapeutic treatment option available for patients stricken with this condition. Furthermore, there been no new innovation or no new medicine to improve clinical outcomes in almost 30 years.
In our Phase 3 NEWTON 2 study, we're assessing EG-1962 administered through an external ventricular drain, versus the standard of care oral nimodipine. We designed the NEWTON 2 study largely based on our promising Phase 2 NEWTON North American data so that is we got the same patient population, the same competitor and the same assessment for efficacy.
Although the NEWTON 2 study is a double-blind study. So, we aim to reproduce the positive efficacy and safety results seen in the Phase 2 study. Now as a reminder, EG-1962 is being developed under the U.S. and the EU orphan drug and U.S. fast track designation.
We've continued to make progress in NEWTON 2 as we've increased patient enrollment and also activated additional clinical sites. Notably, we are very excited to have activated our first clinical site in Europe. The European centers will now join many of the world centers of excellence for treating aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage for already active participant in our NEWTON 2 study.
Interest in the NEWTON 2 study continues to be very strong around the world and globally and we now have a total 49 centers as of today opened for patient enrollment in the U.S., Europe and Australasia.
It's also important to know that many of these sites have experienced conducting clinical trials in subarachnoid hemorrhage and include most of the sites from the original NEWTON study, excuse me in the original NEWTON study. So, this experience is very important to ensure selection of the appropriate patients and also to adhere to the study protocol.
Also with NEWTON 2, our emphasis right now continue to be on monitoring and training investigators and the clinical staff to ensure patient selection for the NEWTON 2 study. In addition, we continue to provide 24X7 medical monitoring to field any questions from the investigators and the research coordinators.
So, regarding the NEWTON 2 milestones, we remain on track with our previously stated anticipated timelines for our topline data readout from the prespecified interim analysis in the first quarter of 2018 and for a readout of the topline results from the full study in late 2018.

So, let's move on to the regulatory area, so you saw today we showed in the press release that the pediatric committee of the European Medicines Agency recommended granting a product-specific waiver for EG-1962 across all subsets of the pediatric population. This waiver allowed for a marketing authorization application filing without the requirement for the pediatric clinical studies.
So now for a quick update on the intracisternal and intrathecal development programs and these are aimed at enabling the EG-1962 administration through these other routes. These other administration routes would also allow us to expand access to EG-1962 to those aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage patients who don't receive an EBD.
So, during the quarter, we initiated our controlled study evaluating intracisternal administration of EG-1962. Now with this study, we're focusing on those patients that undergo microsurgical clipping for securing of the ruptured brain aneurism who are not otherwise eligible for NEWTON 2.
So again, we're focused on NEWTON 2 enrollment, but for those patients that are not eligible, we'll look to enroll them in the cysternal study with EG-1962. So, a little bit about that study, this is a randomized controlled, open label study. It's investigating the safety in the pharmacokinetic profile of EG-1962 injected directly into the basal cisterns in the brain during surgical repair of the aneurysm and we're comparing this to oral nimodipine in a group of 12 adult subjects with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
So, in this study, nine subjects will receive treatment with EG-1962 while three subjects will receive standard of care oral nimodipine. We'll also assess the clinical outcomes at 90 days of these patients.
Moving forward to intrathecal or lumbar administration, what this involves is delivering EG-1962 into the cerebrospinal fluid or the CSF via a single injection into the lower back lumbar region of the spine. We anticipate initiating an animal study mid-2017 and will look at the safety in the PK of delivering EG-1962 via the single lumbar puncture or injection and comparing it to the animal data that we have on file for the administration of either cysternal or intraventricular administration.
So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Bert Marchio for our financial review.
Bert Marchio
Thank you, Brian. As of March 31, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were $95.6 million and it's down from $106.4 million at year-end a cash burn of approximately $10.8 million that was in line with our projections.
Obviously, our cash position has improved since quarter end because of the registered direct offering that Brian described that brought in $18 million of gross proceeds.
Research and development expenses for the quarter were $7.6 million, inclusive of approximately $600,000 of non-cash stock compensation expenses. R&D expenses in the first quarter reflected increased spending on our ongoing NEWTON 2 study for EG-1962 as spending on other clinical programs and increases in personnel costs.
General and administrative expenses were $4.2 million for the first quarter including approximately $900,000 of non-cash stock compensation expense. G&A spending during the first quarter reflected increased personnel costs, nonrecurring executive separation costs, stock-based compensation expenses, facility costs and professional fees.
We reported a net loss of $12.2 million for the first quarter. As of yesterday May 2, we had 30.8 million shares outstanding. As we look ahead, we expect operating expenses to increase as we continue adding sites and enrolling subjects in our NEWTON 2 study of EG-1962 and as we continue to advance our other development programs including lumbar and cysternal and build our infrastructure.

Based on our current plans, we expect our cash and cash equivalents to be sufficient to fund our operations through full data readout from our NEWTON 2 study, which as Brian said is anticipated to occur in late 2018.
And now I'll turn it back to Brian.
Brian Leuthner
Thanks Bert. So, in summary, we're executing our clinical plan for our Phase 3 NEWTON 2 study on target. We continue to focus on activating additional study sites and ensuring the quality of the data and the patients that the sites enroll and we're looking forward to the anticipated interim and full data readout from our NEWTON 2 study in the first quarter of 2018 or later in 2018 respectively. At the same time, we're making progress on our other development programs.
So, with that, thank you again for joining us today. We appreciate your continued support and look forward to updating you as we continue to advance through NEWTON 2 and our other development programs at Edge Therapeutics.
So, operator, we're ready to take question now. Thank you.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question is from Paul Matties, Leerink. Your line is open.
Paul Matties
Hey guys. Thanks so much for taking my questions. I have a few. The first one is on how many, I am just curious if you can tell us how many patients you've enrolled in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. relative to your initial plan and how you're tracking relative to your expectations?
The second one is I would love to maybe just if you could talk a little bit about the intracysternal study and what you see as a successful outcome and how you're defining that in this study and then the third thing as you've talked a little -- a lot about statistical power on the primary end point. I am wondering how you're thinking about statistics on key secondary endpoints that may better convey pharmacoeconomic value like duration of ICU stay, duration of hospital stay, thanks so much.
Brian Leuthner
Sure. Thanks Paul for the question. First one on patient enrolled, we have not given that out. What we just continue to say is we're on track for the interim read out in the first quarter of 2018 which is 210 subjects and also full data readout at the end of the year for 374 patients.
What we do have is we've now increased our clinical sites enrolling at 49 sites and as we mentioned, we just got our first European site up in Germany a few days ago. So there continues to be tremendous excitement in Europe. So that's where we are on that.
Cysternal as far as what would success look like? The first thing obviously, this is a safety and pharmacokinetic study. So, what we hope to do is just evaluate the safety of the drug given via cysternal administration and then look at that PK and we're gathering data obviously from -- we have our PK results from our earlier NEWTON study when we administered EG-1962 intraventricularly.
So, we'll be comparing them. So, I think that's really what we want to look at is are we getting similar levels in plasma and just compare it to what we have and obviously we are looking at the functional outcome using the Glasgow Outcome Score Extended in that study.
Regarding the powering, yes, as you know, we've spoken about this. From a statistical standpoint, we're really focused on the primary endpoint which is the Glasgow Outcome Score extended because obviously that's what FDA cares about from a standpoint of approvability.
Some of the secondary endpoints we are collecting, but we really haven't spoken about the statistics around that, but we're keenly looking as you mentioned the ICU length of stay, the total hospital length of stay, where patients actually go after they go out of the hospital because as you know in the first NEWTON study, patients on oral nimodipine is a standard of care they were in the ICU meeting in 17 days in the hospital for 25 days and still two thirds of the people ended up going to rehab.

So, we want to understand that and we're also looking at other measures that look at the really intensity of care, intensity of treatment on the hospital. So, as we get all of this health economic data, we'll be able to make what we feel is a strong argument if the data continue to look like what we saw in the NEWTON study. Does that answer your questions Paul?
Paul Matties
Yes, great. Thanks, so much Brian. Really appreciate it.
Brian Leuthner
Thank you, Paul.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Butler of JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Jason Butler
Hi thanks for taking the questions and congrats on all the progress. Two questions, first of all can you give us a sense of what proportion of patients you expect to enroll in NEWTON 2 from the U.S. versus Europe and Australasia and then talk about any differences in how these patients are managed in the different countries?
And then the second question you talked about how the increased cash position provides the opportunity to advance some earlier stage programs, any plans at this point to broaden the use of the delivery platform to molecules beyond nimodipine thanks?
Brian Leuthner
Sure, thanks Jason. First question is what's our assumption on the proportion of patients in I would say North America, we look as really North America and ex North America and right now based on our assumptions we believe that we're going to have I think more patients in the U.S. because we started a little earlier on the sites in the U.S. and North America.
We don't know exactly that split. As we start to see the enrollment numbers coming in from Europe, but we essentially -- in our assumptions when we're looking at the modeling, we were thinking that the percent of patients enrolled per site would be roughly equal between ex North America and North America.
So again, I'll probably next quarter be able to provide a little bit more insight as we start to see how well Europe enrolls. Now the thing that we do know generally about the European sites are these are really high enrolling, excuse me, high volume centers because in Europe it's much -- it's even more concentrated efforts from the centers of excellence.
So, the volume, the subarachnoid hemorrhage volume at these centers that we're doing is on average higher in Europe. Also, if we are looking at the interim analysis, clearly, we would expect many more as a percentage of patients to be in the North American centers because we're looking at 210, but then that -- getting closer to even out when we go 374. So that's why we're looking at from that perspective.
I believe I wrote down your second question, Jason, if you can remind me what that was again?
Jason Butler
Just if you have any plans at this point with the additional cash you now have to expand the use of the delivery platform to other molecules?
Brian Leuthner
Yes, yes, we do. We think Precisa is a very good way to be our engine for future value creation; EG-1964, we don't spend as much time on that. That is taking a different API drug called aprotinin and using it in the chronic subdural hematoma population.
So, this population is another Orphan population, we believe sill a little bigger than the aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage from a patient population, but again there's no therapy out there to really help in that population and we're using Precisa and again looking at targeted and sustained release delivery using Precisa.
So, we do expect and we do plan to look at other Precisa-based products and develop our portfolio.
Jason Butler
Great. Thanks again for taking the questions.
Brian Leuthner
Thank you, Jason.
Operator
Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our next question is from Vamil Divan of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Vamil Divan
Great. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just two if I could. So, one you talked about the interim analysis earlier next year and then before the final. Just in terms of managing expectations, can you just give us a sense of how much we should focus on interim and your interim planning how much are you focusing on interim potential being positive versus just having to go through the end of the study again just in terms of managing investor expectations as we get closer to that?

And then second, just on the cost side or the pricing side of this equation, obviously the data is going to drive things but wondering when we might have more insight from you guys around what you think is reasonable in terms of pricing? If there is other additional survey work or updated thoughts you have there beyond what you've shared previously that would be helpful. Just give us a sense of how to model things, thanks.
Brian Leuthner
Sure. Thank you, Vamil. So, the first question is interim analysis and here is how we look at it and obviously we have the plan that we're going to hit at the interim analysis that we clearly now that it's a hurdle. If you look at the NEWTON 2 or NEWTON data, there was a 32% absolute difference between the proportion of subjects that had a favorable outcome that were treated with EG-1962 verses those that were treated with oral nimodipine.
So, we have 32% delta. To win at the interim, we would need to show approximately a 20% difference in the proportion of favorable outcome and then as we talked about before, if you look at the full study we need to show around 10% to 15% difference at the full study.
So again, we need to show a 20% difference. The difference is this is a blinded study, the NEWTON 2 versus the open label Phase 2, or excuse me, the open label original NEWTON study. So again, I believe we could show a difference or won the built, but it's not a slam-dunk by any means.
So, on one hand, from a financial perspective, we're planning to go all the way out to the full data readout, but from an operational standpoint here, well we're planning if we hit it, we want to be ready so that we can get the regulatory documents in if we hit at the interim, we want to make sure that we have our precommercial activities started. So that's really how we look at it from our perspective.
Regarding health economics, we talked about this, probably the best article we look at from a health economic standpoint as a foundation is this article published in 2010 at the Duke University Medical Center that you showed that those patients that had a deterioration cost $50,000 more on direct hospital costs than if they did not deteriorate and this is in 2006.
So that's our baseline to say what is the intensity of care for these patient in the hospital, but then also looking at the full course of care when they leave the hospital because as I mentioned in our prepared statements, the average age is 52 years old. So, this is a managed care population.
So, the hospital costs the rehab costs and then what we're trying to do here is take people or young population and get them back to work from the outcome standpoint. So, it's a really complex and intense digging of information that's really never been done except for that one article and that one article back in 2010 just focused on the inpatient cost.
So, Dan Brandon and his group is really digging down, we're working with some of these companies that have the data mining capabilities. We're working with the [brain and years] of foundation and talking to patients and caregivers.
So we hope to have at least provide more data in the next few quarters to give you that, but all the signals are showing us clearly that we can replicate what we saw in NEWTON, we're going to have a very, very strong health economic argument for this young patient population because essentially what we're doing if we can prevent these delayed complications and have people have a favorable outcome and again you may remember from the NEWTON study, almost a third of the patients had a Glasgow Outcome Score extended of an eight at 90 days, which means they are basically almost back to normal.
That's a substantial impact on these patients and could reduce expenses over the whole continuum of care. So, we're looking into it. It's very, very complicated. These things that we're doing, all the signs say this medicine can really provide a very strong rationale of wanting -- having payers want to pay for this to help the patients and also reduce cost in an institution. So that's what we're doing from the health economics.

Vamil Divan
Okay. Thanks so much.
Brian Leuthner
Thank you, Vamil.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from it are sick of Ed Arce of HC Wainwright and Company. Your line is open.
Ed Arce
Great. Thank you, guys for taking my questions and congrats on all the recent progress. Just a couple questions on the main study NEWTON 2, if you could just remind us another something you went over recently but if you could remind us in relation to NEWTON 1 any differences in inclusion criteria and in particular in the endpoint with regards to pharmacoeconomic benefit that you just discussed.
Brian Leuthner
Sure. Thanks for the question. So, I am starting across our Chief Medical Officer and when I ask them after the first NEWTON study how can we do everything we can to ensure that we see the same results that don't change anything.
So, from our Phase 2 to our Phase 3 essentially the only difference is that the Phase 3 is a double-blind, double dummy study. So, what is the same is the same inclusion criteria so that WFNS two through four. So WFNS is a measure of consciousness when they come into the hospital and patients with they have to have an external ventricular drain to give the drug.
So that's identical. The competitor is EG-1962 versus oral nimodipine. So that's the same and the primary endpoint is the Glasgow outcome score extended, which is in the cup point is the six, seven or eight determines a favorable optimum.
So, we're looking at the proportion of favorable outcome of EG-1962 versus oral nimodipine and that has been the same. So, everything has been the same. The same thing we are looking at some, let's call the health economic drivers. First and foremost is if these patients deteriorate in this kind of three to 14-day window, many people have to get this intervention called rescue therapy and rescue therapy is expensive, it's time-consuming and it's only marginally effective.
If you look at what we did in the NEWTON study, we reduced rescue therapy by almost 50%. So, we are looking at that. We're looking at ICU length of stay, which we decreased by 2.5 days from the median perspective in the first Phase 2 study and we're looking at the overall hospital length of stay which again we decreased by 2.5 days in the NEWTON study and we're actually tracking whether these patients go home or they go to rehab because clearly as everyone knows, spending time in a rehab facility is very expensive for the hospitals as well.
So with that, the only changes we're making are again it's a blinded study in regard to 20 centers to roughly 80 centers, but the randomization and it's a one-to-one randomization in the Phase 3 study versus a 3 to 1 randomization in the Phase 2 study and obviously we did it 3 to 1 because we wanted to get more information about EG-1962 in that Phase 2 study, but otherwise everything else is similar and that's why we're spending so much time on the quality of working with the sites to make sure that everyone is aligned and educated on the inclusion and exclusion criteria as we've gone out to a broader hospital-base.
Ed Arce
Okay. Great. And the other question that I had is on the intracysternal study that you mentioned, some of these patients as you mentioned don't qualify for the NEWTON 2 it would be helpful if you could just review some of those differences and in particular again the endpoint that you look to measure especially since there's been very little study in this area especially there.
Brian Leuthner
Sure. So, the intracysternal study, so if you look at patients one thing they want to do and these patients have aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage or a ruptured brain, is the first thing they want to do is secure the aneurysm and they will do that obviously for a couple ways use endovascular procedures to security aneurysm or though undergo microsurgical clipping.

So, in cysternal study, what we're looking to studying and doctors all the time come to us and they say if I were a patient that I need to clear I access to see right into the area and the basal assistance underneath the brain, why couldn’t I inject the medicine directly into the basal cisterns.
So that's really quote “what we're answering”. This is really customer-driven on what we're doing and so these patients would be WFNS ones and twos. They would not be eligible for the NEWTON 2 study because especially for the WFNS 2s, they would not have an external ventricular drain.
The endpoint we're looking at are similar to what we did in the Phase 2 NEWTON study. So, we want to look at PK, we're going to look at obviously safety and then we're also going to look at in this population, we're going to look at the Glasgow Outcome Score extended at 90 days and compare the two sides.
We're also going to be looking at rescue therapy. We're going to be looking at vasospasm and delayed cerebral ischemia. We're going to look at infarction, although these are -- we're looking at 12 subjects here. We'll also be looking at length of stay and pretty much everything that we looked at in the NEWTON study, we're just taking this to a cysternal administration.
And again, this will be for those patients that if the medicine works and gets approved with external ventricular drain, this will be another option for doctors that may not have access for patients that may not be able to get this, but undergo microsurgical clipping.
So that's why we're doing is really based on customer demand and we're looking at the PK safety and then we will be looking at the efficacy endpoints that we looked at in the NEWTON Phase 2 study.
Ed Arce
Okay. Sounds good. And congrats again on all the progress.
Brian Leuthner
Thank you very much. Thanks for the question.
Operator
Thank you. There are no further questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Brian Leuthner for any closing remarks.
Brian Leuthner
Sure. No, I just want to thank everyone for their time for turning in and for your continued support for Edge Therapeutics. So, thank you very much and have a nice day.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 11:30 AM today through May 17 11:59 PM. You may access the remote replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-585-8367 and entering access code 7855024. International participants dial 404-537-3406. Those numbers again are 1-800-585-8367 and 404-537-3406, access code 7855024.
This concludes the conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect at this time.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Biotechnology, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All EDGE TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Healthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech StocksAmgen Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMGN• Today, 6:02 PM • SA TranscriptsDon't Lose The Faith In ShireSHPG• Today, 5:33 PM • HealthBlogger'Sparks' A-Flyin'ONCE• Today, 5:28 PM • Strong BioCelgene: Gearing Up For New HighsCELG• Today, 4:36 PM • Taylor Dart•5 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 25, 2017CELG, NVCR, PFE• Today, 4:33 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•2 CommentsNektar Makes A Stride Forward In Resolving Autoimmune DiseasesNKTR• Today, 4:10 PM • Long Term BioAralez: A Quick Overview Of The Investment ThesisARLZ• Today, 3:56 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•4 CommentsSamsung Leaps Into Its First U.S. Biosimilars BattleJNJ, MRK, PFE• Today, 3:43 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentGilead: Q2 Earnings PreviewGILD• Today, 3:40 PM • Jonathan Weber•14 CommentsAiming For A New Angle On Liquid BiopsyANPCY• Today, 3:38 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentMerck's Keynote Falls Flat, And That's Just FineMRK• Today, 3:34 PM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsGenocea Biosciences's (GNCA) Conference Call On Positive GEN-003 Phase 2b Results - SlideshowGNCA• Today, 3:32 PM • SA TranscriptsUltragenyx More Than Meets The Eye?RARE• Today, 3:03 PM • Strong BioVerastem Shows Long-Term Potential With Strong DYNAMO DataVSTM• Today, 2:49 PM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Sector Meanders In Front Of EarningsAIMT, CBAY, CUR• Today, 2:22 PM • Bret Jensen•6 CommentsAmerican Shared Hospital Services: Solid Core Earnings And Exciting Growth Potential Offer ValueAMS• Today, 12:33 PM • Richard Greulich Jr., CFA•2 CommentsIntelliPharmaCeutics International - Very Low Downside And Huge UpsideIPCI• Today, 11:33 AM • Philip Mause•8 CommentsGilead Puts Up The Good Fight Once AgainGILD• Today, 10:10 AM • Long Term Bio•9 CommentsIs Aratana Your Porfolio's Best Friend?PETX• Today, 10:06 AM • Strong Bio•3 CommentsEli Lilly and Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLLY• Today, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsBiogen Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBIIB• Today, 9:14 AM • SA TranscriptsAbbVie's Long Shot At Proving Rova-T Doubters WrongABBV• Today, 7:29 AM • EP Vantage•3 CommentsLilly Hopes To Bloom Through Nektar AttractionLLY, NKTR• Today, 7:22 AM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsTheMaven Updates Large Insider Share RegistrationMVEN• Today, 6:09 AM • Donovan Jones•1 Comment3 New Developments Give Hope For Type I Diabetes SufferersCLBS• Yesterday, 4:59 PM • Christiana Friedman•3 CommentsQ2 Earnings Should Be The Catalyst For Valeant's Next Leg HigherVRX• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • Michael Lynch•69 CommentsI Think Gilead Is Worth More than $86 Per ShareGILD• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Stephen Barnes•68 CommentsVertex Looks Attractive With New Positive Data, Acquisition BuzzVRTX• Yesterday, 2:35 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•3 CommentsRecent Buy: Gilead SciencesGILD• Yesterday, 1:45 PM • Fiscal Voyage•31 CommentsReata Pharmaceuticals (RETA) Cardinal Phase 2 Results And Update - SlideshowRETA• Yesterday, 1:14 PM • SA TranscriptsTime To Buy TevaTEVA• Yesterday, 1:06 PM • All American Investor•38 CommentsHerbalife: When An EPS Raise Isn't Really A RaiseHLF• Yesterday, 1:05 PM • Gary Milne•11 CommentsMerck: A Slow Growth Income Play With Moderate Growth PotentialMRK• Yesterday, 12:11 PM • William Stamm•11 CommentsAbiomed: This Debt-Free Medical Device Stock Is A Strong Buy In 2017ABMD• Yesterday, 12:05 PM • Gaurao Bhade•1 CommentZynerba Pharmaceuticals Could Run Up Due To Upcoming Key Catalysts: Our Idea Of The MonthZYNE• Yesterday, 12:03 PM • Bhavneesh Sharma, MBA•11 CommentsBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Dynavax Technologies' Moment Of Truth ArrivesCNCE, CYTX, DVAX• Yesterday, 10:52 AM • Bret Jensen•20 CommentsParatek Puts Skin In The Infection GamePRTK• Yesterday, 8:24 AM • Strong Bio•27 CommentsAnthem: Tread Carefully Into EarningsANTM• Yesterday, 8:20 AM • Benjamin HandlerSnippet Roundup: A Lingering Lingo And 2 More U.S. Green LightsGILD, JNJ, PRTK• Yesterday, 7:41 AM • EP VantageData Put A Dent In Ironwood's Expansion PlansIRWD• Yesterday, 7:26 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentUpdates To Syros Pharmaceuticals ThesisSYRS• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:02 PM • Jonathan Faison•6 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 23, 2017BMY, KITE, MRK• Sun, Jul. 23, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•8 CommentsAmgen And Novartis: First Mover Advantage Is A MustAMGN, NVS• Sun, Jul. 23, 2:21 AM • Long Term Bio•2 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 22, 2017CSLLY, INCY, MRK• Sat, Jul. 22, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•9 CommentsUpdates To Insulet Thesis: Innovation And Growth ContinuePODD• Sat, Jul. 22, 8:26 AM • Jonathan Faison•13 CommentsIronwood Will Press On In The Good Fight Against GERDIRWD• Fri, Jul. 21, 5:26 PM • Long Term Bio•3 CommentsMannKind: Afrezza Scripts Stable At A Bit Above 300 - Will Ads Help?MNKD• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:15 PM • Spencer Osborne•73 CommentsIgnyta Lights The FireRXDX• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:28 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsWhy Ironwood's IW-3718 Is 'Refluxing' Into A Sea Of RedIRWD• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:32 PM • Life Sciences Millennial•15 CommentsNovartis's Q2 Results: Encouraging Signals Fully Reflected In ValuationNVS• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:17 PM • HealthBlogger•2 Comments2 Small Oncology Stocks That Could Rally Through Year-EndRXDX, TGTX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:23 PM • Bret Jensen•20 CommentsROTY Edition 1 Volume 14: Updates And A Ninth PositionCBAY• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•3 CommentsTrevena (TRVN) Investor Presentation - SlideshowTRVN• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:09 PM • SA TranscriptsJohnson & Johnson Is A Defensive Stock And Should Be In All Portfolios, Income Or GrowthJNJ• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:17 PM • William Stamm•17 CommentsTesaro's Stock Dip Is Nothing To Be Afraid OfTSRO• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:03 PM • Kevin McAdams•3 CommentsUnited Therapeutics Losing The Crown Jewels; 20% EPS Downgrades AheadUTHR• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:32 AM • World's Greatest•9 CommentsAn Endocrinologist Explains Her View Of Tymlos And The Osteoporosis LandscapeRDUS• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:20 AM • Slingshot Insights•3 CommentsSirukumab's Panel And U.S. Decision For Medicines CompanyMDCO, JNJ, GSK• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:18 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentAchaogen EscalatesAKAO• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:03 AM • Strong Bio•26 CommentsMedtronic's Diabetes Segment Generating ExcitementMDT• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:37 AM • The Non-Consensus•13 CommentsGilead Has Another Ace Up Its SleeveGILD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:22 PM • Long Term Bio•52 CommentsMedtronic: A Dividend Aristocrat With Double-Digit Payout Growth PotentialMDT• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:19 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•15 CommentsMannKind: Afrezza Television Ad Debuts; What Investors Need To KnowMNKD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:02 PM • Spencer Osborne•98 CommentsProtalix Is Undervalued With Upcoming CatalystsPLX• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:50 PM • Jesse Donovan•59 CommentsTitan Pharmaceuticals: Just Be PatientTTNP• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:30 PM • Matthew Burdeshaw•17 CommentsQuidel To Acquire Triage Assets From Alere DivestitureQDEL• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:34 PM • Donovan JonesCymaBay Therapeutics' Strong Cash Raise Points To Near-Term UpsideCBAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:56 PM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsVivus Settlement Could Clue In Orexigen InvestorsOREX, VVUS• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:41 PM • Spencer Osborne•1 CommentIronwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) IW-3718 Phase IIb Clinical Trial Results - SlideshowIRWD• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:59 PM • SA TranscriptsAerie Pharmaceuticals (AERI) Roclatan Mercury 1 Phase 3 12-month Topline Results - SlideshowAERI• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:56 PM • SA TranscriptsIs The FDA Biotech's Best Friend?BDSI, ENDP, FOLD• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:54 AM • Bret Jensen•29 CommentsViewRay: Initiate Strong Sell On Questionable Backlog, Product Inferiority, And Bankruptcy ConcernsEditors' Pick • VRAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:45 AM • Mako Research•126 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 20, 2017AMGN, RDHL, VRTX• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•6 CommentsFonar's medical diagnostic centers are delivering great returnsFONR• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:43 AM • Blue Tower Asset Management, LLC•6 CommentsRaise After Raise: Sarepta Shares Are Still A BuySRPT• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:08 AM • Jonathan Faison•18 Comments123456...468Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Avery Dennison's (AVY) CEO Mitchell Butier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AVY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:49 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Potlatch Corporation's (PCH) CEO Mike Covey on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PCH•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Consumer Portfolio Services' (CPSS) CEO Charles Bradley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPSS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Pacific Premier Bancorp's (PPBI) CEO Steve Gardner on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PPBI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eli Lilly & Co. (LLY) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LLY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Flagstar Bancorp's (FBC) CEO Sandro DiNello on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FBC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HomeStreet's (HMST) CEO Mark Mason on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HMST•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:38 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Spectris' (SEPJF) CEO John O'Higgins on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SEPJF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Camden National's (CAC) CEO Greg Dufour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CAC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Anadarko Petroleum (APC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


APC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Anixter International's (AXE) CEO Bob Eck on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AXE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Vedanta Resources' (VDNRF) CEO Thomas Albanese on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VDNRF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FEMSA (FMX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FMX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Randstad Holding's (RANJF) CEO Jacques van den Broek on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RANJF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:11 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




American Campus Communities' (ACC) CEO Bill Bayless on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Everest Re's (RE) CEO Dom Addesso on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:06 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Acme United's (ACU) CEO Walter Johnsen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CommVault Systems' (CVLT) CEO Bob Hammer on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CVLT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Motors (GM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GM•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Saipem's (SAPMY) CEO Stefano Cao on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SAPMY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Crane's (CR) CEO Max Mitchell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Astec Industries' (ASTE) CEO Ben Brock on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASTE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SK Hynix's (HXSCL) CEO Kim Jun Ho on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HXSCL•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HCA Healthcare (HCA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HCA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




McDonald's (MCD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCD•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



HNI's (HNI) CEO Stan Askren on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:00 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Equity Commonwealth's (EQC) CEO David Helfand on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DPZ•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Waters (WAT) CEO Christopher O'Connell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




J & J Snack Foods' (JJSF) CEO Gerry Shreiber on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JJSF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4435Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
