





Levenson, Roger, 1914-1994













Toggle navigation











PROTOTYPE HOME


ABOUT PROTOTYPE


















Levenson, Roger, 1914-1994
                     


Alternative names





Dates:
birth 1914‑10‑10
death 1994‑05‑29
Gender:




Authority Source: VIAF,
                           WorldCat,
                           LC
                        

Nationality: 


Language:  English
                        


Biographical notes:

Roger Levenson was born in Bangor, Maine on October 10, 1914. He studied printing while attending the University of Maine.
                        He served in Hawaii during WWII and settled in the San Francisco Bay area where he spent the rest of his life. He founded
                        and operated the Tamalpais Press from circa 1955-1976 when he retired. Levenson also taught a class titled "The History of
                        the Book" at UC Berkeley for 12 years. Levenson died in 1994.
                     
From the description of Roger Levenson papers, circa 1960-1994. (University of California, Berkeley). WorldCat record id:
                        695598370
                     

                        Biographical Note
                        
                     
The Tamalpais Press, founded by Roger Levenson, was a fine printing press located in Berkeley, California that was in operation
                        from circa 1955 until 1976. Printing was done on an 1857 Albion handpress as well as a seventeenth century press (both of
                        which were donated to the Bancroft Library at the University of California, Berkeley). The Tamalpais Press printed a wide
                        range of materials from books to event posters and programs to business cards and invitations. The books printed by the press
                        focused mostly on California history subjects.
                     
Roger Levenson was born in Bangor, Maine on 10 October 1914 and learned printing while an undergraduate at the University
                        of Maine. After serving in Hawaii during World War II, Roger settled in the San Francisco Bay Area where he spent the rest
                        of his life. He founded and operated the Tamalpais Press from circa 1955 until 1976 when he retired. In addition to running
                        the Tamalpais Press, Roger was a teacher and lecturer, most notably at the University of California, Berekeley where he taught
                        a course for twelve years on "The History of the Book." He died of cancer on 29 May 1994.
                     
From the guide to the Roger Levenson and the Tamalpais Press Archive, 1955-1994, (University of California, Los Angeles. Library.
                        William Andrews Clark Memorial Library)
                     
Roger Levenson, "the Father of the Small Press movement" on the West Coast collected approximately 4,300 items printed on
                        hobby presses around the country. These presses were generally run by individuals for pleasure and their products reflect
                        that individuality. Levenson's collection (housed here) is supplemented by items collected by Jack D. Rittenhouse. The individuals
                        who ran these presses organized into "Chappels," or printing societies, which met regularly and distributed printed "keepsakes"
                        to one another. Among the societies of printing aficionados represented in this collection, are the Roxburghe Club of San
                        Francisco, the Zamorano Club of Los Angeles, the Rounce and Coffin Club of Los Angeles, and the Moxon Chappel, of Palo Alto,
                        California.
                     
The Roxburghe Club was founded by Carl I. Wheat, Gustav Epstein, and Samuel T. Farquhar in San Francisco in 1928. According
                        to an item printed for this club by one of its members, the goal of the club was "to further a common interest in typography
                        and the art of the book." All of the members of the group were required to print things for their fellow members, who were
                        all "connoisseurs of things typographic" and bibliophiles. The Zamorano Club had a similar goal, and sometimes met jointly
                        with the Roxburghe Club. The Moxon Chappel, also according to an item in the collection, printed for the club's members, was
                        established in 1957 by a few private printers of the Stanford University area. Convened by Dr. J. Ben Lieberman, they met
                        informally, with their spouses, to discuss their common interests in printing. They took their name from Joseph Moxon, author
                        of Mechanick Exercises, the first book published in England (in 1683) regarding the printing craft. Like the other clubs,
                        their goals included sharing mutual interest and enjoyment in printing, exchanging techniques, ideas, and materials, and to
                        "encourage cooperative effort in the production of non-commercial projects in the graphic arts."
                     
All of these societies of hobby printers share certain cultural elements common to their sort of club. Each called its president
                        or chairperson the "Master of the Press" or "Father of the Press," often referred to as "Dear Father." The "Printer's Devil"
                        was in charge of printing the minutes of the chappel, and was the treasurer/secretary. The Keeper of the Solaces was the chairperson
                        of the keepsake committee, charged with making sure all "companions" (members) provided printed keepsakes to their fellow
                        members. In the event that they failed to do so, they were fined, as represented by the giving of "solaces." Solaces could
                        also be given for other reasons, such as failure to pay attention in a meeting, tardiness, or absence. In contrast, "tokens"
                        were awarded for good work and positive acts. Spouses or companions are referred to by the title "sex-officios." It appears
                        that most members of these societies were men, but this was not exclusively the case.
                     
From the guide to the Small Press Collection, 1901-1975, 1960-1975, (University of New Mexico. Center for Southwest Research.)


Biographical notes are generated from 
                     the bibliographic and archival source records supplied by 
                     data contributors.
                     
                  


Links to collections





 Archival Collections
                                 11








creator of


referenced in





Carpenter, Edwin H. Edwin H. Carpenter collection on hand presses, 1940-1988.

University of California, Los Angeles



Carpenter, Kenneth. Kenneth J. Carpenter correspondence, 1964-1987, with Lewis M. Allen and Roger Levenson.

University of California, Berkeley



Herbert, Oscar. Oscar Herbert on music engraving [sound recording].

University of California, Berkeley



Levenson, Roger, 1914-. Roger Levenson papers, circa 1960-1994.

University of California, Berkeley



Roger Levenson and the Tamalpais Press Archive, 1955-1994


University of California, Los Angeles. Library.
                                                   		  
                                                   William Andrews Clark Memorial Library


Los Angeles, California 90095-1490





Small Press Collection, 1901-1975, 1960-1975


University of New Mexico. Center for Southwest Research.




Sutcliffe, Judy, 1941-. Papers of Judith Sutcliffe, 1957-1996.

University of Iowa Libraries





Edwin H. Carpenter Collection on Hand Presses, 1940-1988


William Andrews Clark Memorial Library.

Los Angeles, California 90018





Fisher, Bill, 1926-. Bill Fisher papers, 1975-1976.

University of California, Berkeley



Ottley, Allan R. Papers, 1955-1979.

California State Library



Ted Freedman Papers, 1926-1974

The
                                                
                                                Bancroft Library

Berkeley, California 94720-6000














 Related Resources
                                 2






Women in printing : Northern California, 1857-1890
creatorOf



Women in printing, c1994:
creatorOf









 Related External Links
                                 5







ArchiveGrid search



DPLA search



LC Name Authority File



Virtual International Authority File



WorldCat Identities




Related names in 
                        SNAC





 People
                                 7






Carpenter, Edwin H.
associatedWith



Carpenter, Kenneth.
associatedWith



Fisher, Bill, 1926-
associatedWith



Freedman, Ted
associatedWith



Herbert, Oscar.
associatedWith



Ottley, Allan R.
correspondedWith



Sutcliffe, Judy, 1941-
associatedWith









 Families
                                 0











 Organizations
                                 5






Book Club of California
associatedWith



Moxon Chappel
associatedWith



Roxburghe Club of San Francisco
associatedWith



Tamalpais Press.
associatedWith



Zamorano Club
associatedWith








Visualize:


List collection locations



Radial Graph Demo


View source EAC-CPF


Subjects:


Chapbooks




Printers




Printers-­-California-­-20th
                           		  century
                        




Printing -­- History -­- California




Printing -­- History -­- United States




Printing -­- Specimens




Private presses -­- California




Private presses -­- United States




Small presses -­- California




Small presses -­- United States


Occupations:
not available for this record






×
Alternative Names


Levenson, Roger
Levenson, Roger, 1914-
Levenson, R. 1914-1994 (Roger),
Levenson, R. 1914-1994


Close








×
Collection Locations


Bancroft Library
California State Library
University of California, Berkeley
University of California, Los Angeles
University of California, Los Angeles. Library.
                                 		  William Andrews Clark Memorial Library
                                 
                              
University of Iowa Libraries
University of New Mexico. Center for Southwest Research.
William Andrews Clark Memorial Library.


Close












Terms and Privacy


Sponsors


Andrew W. Mellon Foundation


The Institute for Museum and Library Services


National Endowment for the Humanities




Collaborators


Institute for Advanced Technology in the Humanities


UC Berkeley School of Information


California Digital Library


National Archives and Records Administration




About
                  
                  SNAC





















Rodger Levenson - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Rodger Levenson
Chief Corporate Development Officer and Executive Vice President at WSFS Financial Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Rodger Levenson? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Rodger Levenson's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Rodger Levenson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Rodger Levenson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Rodger Levenson through your network of contacts.
												








Rodger Levenson's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Corporate Development Officer and Executive Vice President, 
WSFS Financial Corporation


Past
To view Rodger Levenson's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


Rodger Levenson's Biography




			Rodger Levenson, 55, has been Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Development Officer since 2015.  He also held the position of interim Chief Financial Officer from April 2015 until June 2016.  Prior to that date he was Chief Commercial Banking Officer for WSFS Bank since he joined the company in 2006.  From 2003 to 2006 Mr. Levenson was Senior Vice President and Manager at Citizens Bank and from 1986 to 2003 he held a number of positions at Wells Fargo (and predecessor organizations).
		
Source: WSFS Financial Corporation on 03/27/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Rodger Levenson's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Rodger Levenson. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Rodger Levenson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Rodger Levenson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Rodger Levenson through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Rodger Levenson


















Rodger Levenson's Connections (40)





Sign up now to view Rodger Levenson's 40 connections »









William B. Chandler
Former Board Member, WSFS Financial Corporation









Jennifer W. Davis
Board Member, WSFS Financial Corporation









Richard M. Wright
Executive Vice President and Chief Retail Banking Officer, Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, WSFS Financial Corporation









Stephen A. Fowle
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida









Mark A. Turner
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, WSFS Financial Corporation









Peggy H. Eddens
Executive Vice President and Chief Human Capital Officer, WSFS Bank, WSFS Financial Corporation









S. James Mazarakis
Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, WSFS Financial Corporation









Paul D. Geraghty
Executive Vice President and Chief Wealth Officer, WSFS Financial Corporation









Claibourne D. Smith
Former Board Member, WSFS Financial Corporation









Calvert A. Morgan
Board Member, WSFS Financial Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Rodger J Levenson - Wilmington, DE | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Rodger J Levenson in Wilmington, DE


Rodger J Levenson

                                                                           Intelius found that Rodger J Levenson  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Wilmington, DE.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                9 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Rodger J Levenson is in his 50s

Rodger Has Lived In

Wilmington, DE
Philadelphia, PA
Broomall, PA

Rodger's Relatives

Julie Levenson
Ethel Levenson
Nancy Brady
William Levenson







Rodger J Levenson



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Professional Status
Interim Chief Financial Officer at WSFS Financial Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Rodger? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Rodger, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Rodger J Levenson
Get a Criminal Check on Rodger J Levenson
Get a Public Record Report on Rodger J Levenson
Get a People Search Report on Rodger J Levenson


Rodger J Levenson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Rodger J Levenson has lived as well as Rodger J Levenson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Rodger J Levenson Has Lived in 2 States
Delaware Address for Rodger J Levenson


838 N M***** S* 

Wilmington, DE


Has Lived In

Wilmington, DE
Philadelphia, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Rodger J Levenson

(302) ***-**** - Wilmington, DE 
(302) ***-**** - Wilmington, DE 
(302) ***-**** - Wilmington, DE 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Rodger J Levenson

r************n@***.com
r*******n@***.com
r*****l@***.com


Get Email Report




Rodger J Levenson's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Rodger J Levenson's academic history.  Find out which schools Rodger J Levenson attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Rodger J Levenson received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Rodger J Levenson Has Attended 1 School
Marple-newtown High School 1975 – 1979                              


Rodger J Levenson's Professional Information
Information regarding Rodger J Levenson's professional history.  Find out previous places Rodger J Levenson has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Rodger J Levenson Has Worked at 7 Places
Company: WSFS Financial Corporation
               Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer
Company: Wilmington Savings Fund Society
               Title: Executive Vice President & Director of Commercial Banking For Wsfs Bank
Rodger J Levenson's Experience
Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer
               Company: WSFS Financial Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $250 mil to less than $500 mil - Employee Range: 500 to less than 1,000
Title: Executive Vice President & Director of Commercial Banking For Wsfs Bank
               Company: Wilmington Savings Fund Society
Job Details
               Company Size: $250 mil to less than $500 mil - Employee Range: 500 to less than 1,000
Additional Professional Information on Rodger J Levenson

 See Rodger J Levenson's LinkedIn Profile



Rodger J Levenson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Rodger J Levenson


Rodger J Levenson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Rodger J Levenson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Rodger Levenson
Username Matches

                  RodgerLevenson
                  LevensonRodger
                  Rodger.Levenson
                  Levenson.Rodger
                  Rodger_Levenson
                  Levenson_Rodger
                  Rodger-Levenson
                  Levenson-Rodger
                  RLevenson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Levenson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Rodger Levenson, Wsfs Financial Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  


























Feedback





Rodger Levenson

 Exec VP/Chief Corporate Dev Ofcr,
Wsfs Financial Corp






Career History




 Exec VP/Chief Corporate Dev Ofcr
Wsfs Financial Corp, 1/2016-PRESENT


Chairman
Deleware Bankers Association, 6/2014-PRESENT


Chief Corporate Dev Officer
Wsfs Financial Corp, 12/2015-1/2016


Interim CFO/Investor Relations
Wsfs Financial Corp, 4/2015-12/2015


Chief Commercial Banking Officer
Wsfs Financial Corp, UNKNOWN-4/2015


Sr VP/Manager
Citizens Bank of Philadelphia/The, 2003-2006



Wachovia Corp, 1986-2003


Exec VP/Dir:Commercial Banking
Wsfs Bank, 2006-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.wsfsbank.com






Corporate Information
Address:

500 Delaware Avenue
Wilmington, DE 19801
United States


Phone:
1-302-792-6000


Fax:
1-302-571-6842


Web url:
www.wsfsbank.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Drexel University
MBA


Temple University-of The Commonwealth System of Higher Education
Bachelor's Degree








Memberships



Board Memberships




Wsfs Capital Management LLC


Board Member, 10/2016-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Rodger Levenson – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending January 29, 2016
Posted on February 1, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



EMC Corporation
VMWare
Adaptive Insights


Visteon Corporation
OpenTable
NASDAQ


Lands’ End, Inc.
Stryker Corporation
Southern New Hampshire Health


Certent, Inc.
Great Wolf Resorts, Inc.
Pine Brook


STAG Industrial, Inc.
Voce Capital Management LLC
Family Care Partners


Albemarle Corporation
Ryerson Holding Corporation
Foros


SevOne
White Ops
FreightCar America, Inc.


YourMembership
Johnny Rockets
Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc.


Qualys, Inc.
USA Technologies, Inc.
AMERI HOLDINGS, Inc.


Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Optima Healthcare Solutions
Orangetheory® Fitness


JetSmarter
Piper Jaffray Companies
Surna Inc.


Juniper Networks
WSFS Financial Corporation
Noxilizer, Inc.


SMTC Corporation
Autoscribe Corporation




Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
EMC Corporation [HOPKINTON, Mass.] (NYSE: EMC) announced that Denis Cashman has been named EMC Chief Financial Officer, effective March 1.  Mr. Cashman will succeed Zane Rowe, who will become Chief Financial Officer of VMware, also effective March 1. Mr. Cashman began his professional career with EMC in Ireland in 1988 as the Finance Controller for EMC’s Cork manufacturing facility. Since then, he has held numerous financial positions including European Financial Controller, International Financial Controller, Vice President of International Finance, Corporate Controller, Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Finance, and most recently Chief Financial Officer for EMC Information Infrastructure and EMC’s Chief Accounting Officer.
VMware, Inc. [HOPKINTON, Mass.] announced that EMC CFO Zane Rowe will move to become VMware’s Chief Financial Officer effective March 1.  The appointment is made as EMC prepares to complete its previously announced combination with Dell. Once the transaction closes, EMC will be combined with Dell and VMware will remain a publicly-traded company.
Adaptive Insights [PALO ALTO, CA] appointed Jim Johnson as CFO. Prior to joining Adaptive Insights, Johnson was CFO of TIBCO Software. He joined TIBCO through the acquisition of Jaspersoft. Prior to Jaspersoft, Johnson served as the chief financial officer of privately-held MSC Software, and VGH. Johnson’s experience also includes executive-level finance positions at VERITAS (which merged with Symantec in 2005) and 15 years at Sun Microsystems.
Visteon Corporation (NYSE: VC) [VAN BUREN TOWNSHIP, Mich.] announced that Jeffrey M. Stafeil, executive vice president and chief financial officer, will leave the company after the appointment of his successor. Stafeil has been with Visteon since October 2012.
OpenTable [SAN FRANCISCO], part of The Priceline Group, announced that Jeff McCombs has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining OpenTable, McCombs served as the Chief Financial Officer for Flipboard.  Previously, he served as the Global Head of Business Operations for Facebook’s ad business; Chief Financial Officer and Head of Corporate and Business Development for Tumri; and in various senior executive roles at Yahoo. He began his career as an investment banker at firms including Credit Suisse First Boston and Lehman Brothers.
NASDAQ [NEW YORK] (NASDAQ: NDAQ) announced that Lee Shavel, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy will retire, effective March 31, 2016. Shavel joined Nasdaq in 2011 from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.  Shavel has accepted a position to join the Board of Directors of a public company. Ron Hassen, Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller, Nasdaq, will serve as interim CFO, as the company conducts an active search to fill the role. Mr. Hassen has been with Nasdaq for nearly 15 years and previously served as interim Chief Financial Officer.
Lands’ End, Inc. [DODGEVILLE, Wis.] (NASDAQ: LE) announced that it has named James (Jim) Gooch EVP, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Gooch most recently served as the Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of Demoulas Supermarkets until December 2014.  Prior to that, Mr. Gooch was an independent consultant  Mr. Gooch previously served as the President and Chief Executive Officer, and prior to that Chief Financial Officer, of RadioShack Corporation from 2006 to 2012. Mr. Gooch is currently a member of the board of directors of Sears Hometown and Outlet stores, and has served as the chair of the board’s audit and compensation committees.
Stryker Corporation [Kalamazoo, Michigan] (NYSE: SYK) announced that William R. Jellison will retire from his role as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. He will remain as CFO through the first quarter of 2016 to ensure a smooth transition. Glenn S. Boehnlein, who currently serves as Group CFO for MedSurg & Neurotechnology (MSNT), will assume the role of Vice President, Chief Financial Officer effective April 1, 2016. Glenn joined Stryker in 2003 as the Vice President of Finance and IT for Stryker’s Endoscopy division and has taken on roles of increasing responsibility, including his current role as Group CFO of MSNT, which he assumed in 2011. He then spent three years with Success TV as the company’s CFO prior to joining Stryker.
Southern New Hampshire Health [NASHUA, N.H.] announced that Michael S. Rose, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will assume the role of President and CEO, effective July 1, 2016. Prior to joining SNHH as CFO in 2007, Rose was Vice President of Finance and Operations at Cooper Health System in New Jersey.
Certent, Inc. [PLEASANTON, Calif.] announced that Wendy Nieto has joined Certent as chief financial officer (CFO). Nieto most notably served as chief financial officer at Intraware, Inc. Prior to Intraware, Nieto held various corporate accounting and finance positions at Chiron Corporation.
Great Wolf Resorts, Inc. [MADISON, Wis.] announced Gregory Kryder is joining as its new Chief Financial Officer (CFO), effective March 1, 2016. Kryder joins Great Wolf Resorts from Diageo North America, where he was CFO. For the last 14 years he has held several leadership positions across key business units at Diageo plc. Prior to joining Diageo plc, he worked for Boston Consulting Group.
Pine Brook [NEW YORK] announced the promotions of Annie Sloyer to chief financial officer. Sloyer joined Pine Brook as controller in April 2010.  Prior to joining Pine Brook, she spent three years as a fund controller with Olympus Capital Holdings Asia, and more than five years as a manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers.
STAG Industrial, Inc. [BOSTON] (NYSE: STAG) announced that it and Geoffrey G. Jervis, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer, mutually agreed that Mr. Jervis’s employment with the Company would terminate so that Mr. Jervis could pursue other opportunities. The Company also announced the appointment of William R. Crooker as Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer. Mr. Crooker has most recently served as the Company’s Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Capital Markets.  Prior to the formation of the Company, Mr. Crooker served as the Chief Accounting Officer for the Company’s predecessor, STAG Capital Partners, LLC from 2010 to 2011.  From 2002 to 2010, Mr. Crooker worked for KPMG LLP in its real estate practice focusing primarily on publicly traded real estate investment trusts.
Voce Capital Management LLC [SAN FRANCISCO] formally announced that Mark Shamia has joined as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer.
Family Care Partners [LOS ANGELES & SUMTER, S.C.]  announced that Paul A. Miller has been named Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Miller served as the CFO of Cornerstone Healthcare. Prior to that, he was the CFO for Avizent; and before that was with U.S. Spine. Miller also served as CFO and General Counsel for CompManagement, Inc.
Albemarle Corporation [BATON ROUGE, La.] (NYSE: ALB) announced that Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Scott A. Tozier is on a temporary medical leave of absence. Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations Matthew K. Juneau will assume management responsibility of Albemarle’s finance and accounting, tax and treasury teams.
Ryerson Holding Corporation [CHICAGO] (NYSE: RYI) announced the appointment of Erich S. Schnaufer to the position of chief financial officer (CFO). Schnaufer was previously the company’s interim chief financial officer, succeeding Edward J. Lehner who took over as president and chief executive officer in 2015. Schnaufer joined Ryerson in 2005 and was promoted in 2007 to controller and chief accounting officer responsible for accounting, tax and financial reporting. Prior to joining Ryerson, Schnaufer held senior financial and accounting management roles at several public companies including Alternative Resources Corporation and Midway Games.
Foros [NEW YORK] announced that Stellar Kim Tucker has joined the firm as Managing Director. Immediately prior to joining Foros, Stellar served as Chief Financial Officer of TCM. Prior to joining TCM in 2011, Stellar was a Managing Director and Global Co-Head of Business Services in the Investment Banking Division of Goldman, Sachs & Co.
SevOne [BOSTON] announced the appointment of Rafe Brown to the positions of Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Senior Vice President. Prior to his new role, Mr. Brown served as Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer, and Senior Vice President at Pegasystems, Inc. He was previously a Senior Vice President in the finance group at Salesforce.com. Prior to Salesforce.com, he spent five years at Cisco Systems, preceded by his public accounting years at PwC and Arthur Andersen. 
White Ops [NEW YORK, NY] announced that it has appointed Barry Chubrik as chief financial officer (CFO). Most recently, he served as CFO at Get Satisfaction.
FreightCar America, Inc. [CHICAGO] (NASDAQ: RAIL) announced that it has appointed Matthew (Matt) S. Kohnke as Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, effective February 29, 2016. Mr. Kohnke will succeed Charles F. Avery, Jr., who left the Company by mutual consent to pursue new business opportunities. Mr. Kohnke joins the Company from Dorman Products, Inc. where he has served since 2002. He first served as Dorman’s Vice President and Corporate Controller and, in 2011, he assumed the position of Dorman’s Chief Financial Officer.
YourMembership (YM) [ST. PETERSBURG, FL] announced Michael Branca as its new Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Branca joins YourMembership from Intelident Solutions, where he was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Johnny Rockets [ALISO VIEJO, Calif.] announced the appointment of Susanne Stover, who will be joining the company as its new Chief Financial Officer and member of its executive team. Prior to joining Johnny Rockets, Stover was the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at the New York Racing Association. Susanne has held leadership positions as the Chief Financial Officer for Rosa Mexicano restaurant chain and Controller at the casual dining restaurant chain California Pizza Kitchen.  Earlier in her career, Stover held positions at The Walt Disney Company, KPMG Peat Marwick and Ernst & Young.
Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. [NEW YORK] (NYSE: ARI) announced Megan Gaul, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of ARI, resigned from the Company to pursue other interests. Ms. Gaul will remain in her positions until June 2016 and has agreed to assist the Company as it transitions her responsibilities to her replacement.
Qualys, Inc. [REDWOOD CITY, CA] (NASDAQ: QLYS) announced that Don McCauley, the company’s Chief Financial Officer, has informed the company of his intent to resign effective March 1, 2016.
USA Technologies, Inc. [MALVERN, Pa.] (NASDAQ: USAT) announced the appointment of Leland “Lee” Maxwell as interim chief financial officer (CFO); he replaces J. Duncan Smith. Mr. Maxwell served as the company’s CFO and treasurer from 1997 to 2003. Previously he has served in the roles of CFO at Nurture, Inc., and controller at MeadWestvaco, and Smurfit Stone Container. He is also Board Chair and co-founder of the DMAX Foundation.
AMERI HOLDINGS, Inc. [PRINCETON, N.J.] (OTCQB: AMRH) announced the appointment of Edward O’Donnell as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. O’Donnell has served as the Chief Operating Officer of Radbourne Property Group, Inc.  Prior to Radbourne, Mr. O’Donnell served as Chief Financial Officer of AudioEye, Inc. Mr. O’Donnell served as Vice President of Finance for Augme Technologies, Inc. Mr. O’Donnell also previously served as Chief Financial Officer of Carlyle Capital Group LLC. Before Carlyle, Mr. O’Donnell served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations of ACTV, Inc.
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. [ITASCA, Ill.] (NYSE: AJG) announced the appointment of Ralph J. Nicoletti to the company’s Board of Directors. Mr. Nicoletti is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Tiffany & Co.  Previously, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for both Cigna Corporation and Alberto Culver, Inc.  He began his career at Kraft Foods, Inc. where he served in various financial leadership roles including Senior Vice President Corporate Audit at Kraft Foods, Inc. and Senior Vice President Finance of Kraft North America.
Optima Healthcare Solutions [PALM CITY, Fla. and ATLANTA] announced that Pat Clark has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. Pat has more than twenty years experience as a financial executive in healthcare and other industries, having served as Chief Financial Officer at Wellcentive, Vocalocity and The Weather Channel.
Orangetheory® Fitness [FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla.] announced Tim Tanguay joined the company’s executive leadership team as chief financial officer. Prior to joining Orangetheory Fitness, Tanguay most recently served as chief financial officer for Tropical Smoothie Café.
JetSmarter [NEW YORK] announced the appointment of Joseph A. Epstein as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to his role at JetSmarter, Epstein served as a Director of McGladrey, LLP. JetSmarter’s current Chief Financial Officer, Gennady Barsky has been promoted to President of the company.
Piper Jaffray Companies [MINNEAPOLIS] (NYSE: PJC) announced that Sherry M. Smith joined its board of directors. Most recently, Smith was the executive vice president and chief financial officer of SUPERVALU, INC., where she also held the role of vice president, senior vice president of finance and corporate controller from 1998 to 2002 and treasurer from 2002 to 2005. She is currently an independent director at both Deere & Company and Tuesday Morning Corporation along with a committee member at Realogy Holdings Corp.
Surna Inc. [BOULDER, Colorado] (OTCQB: SRNA) announced that it has terminated the services of Douglas McKinnon as Chief Financial Officer. On January 21, 2016, the Board appointed Ellen White to serve as its Chief Financial Officer.  Ms. White was serving as the Company’s Director of Finance since September 2015. Her prior experience includes CFO at the National Sports Center for the Disabled (NSCD). Prior to NSCD, she was the Vice President of Financial Planning & Analysis at Healthgrades in Denver. Ms. White started her career in public accounting at EY and KPMG and then spent 13 years at Microsoft Corporation in a variety of finance and strategy roles.
Juniper Networks [SUNNYVALE, CA] (NYSE: JNPR) announced that Robyn Denholm notified the Company of her intention to resign as chief financial and operations officer following the filing of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2015, and is expected to remain at the Company over the next several months to help facilitate a smooth transition. Based on the Company’s succession planning, the Company announced its plans to appoint Ken Miller, the Company’s senior vice president, finance, to succeed Denholm as chief financial officer.
WSFS Financial Corporation [WILMINGTON, Del.] (NASDAQ:WSFS), the parent company of WSFS Bank, announced that they are resuming their search for a new Chief Financial Officer. Kevin L. Thompson, who was recently named Chief Financial Officer, has decided to remain with his family in Utah and will not be joining the company. Rodger Levenson, Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Development Officer who previously served as Chief Commercial Banking Officer, will continue to serve as the interim Chief Financial Officer.
Noxilizer, Inc. [Baltimore, MD] announced David A. Theil as their new Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Most recently, he worked as interim and contract CFO in the medical device and clinical diagnostics arenas. Previous industry employment appointments include: Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Specialty Pharmaceuticals; Psychiatric Genomics, Biotechnology R&D Drug Discovery; and IGEN International, Instrumentation and Diagnostics.
SMTC Corporation [SAN JOSE, Calif.] (NASDAQ: SMTX), announced the appointment of Roger Dunfield as Chief Financial Officer. He joins SMTC from Sanmina Corporation where he has been employed as Vice President, Finance & Controller in Sanmina’s Interconnect Division since 2010.  Prior to joining Sanmina, he held a number of finance positions of increasing responsibility for Merix Corporation.
Autoscribe Corporation [JACKSONVILLE, Fla.] announced that Myles Locke has joined its organization to serve as its Chief Financial Officer. Locke was Vice President of Finance and Vice President of Corporate Development responsibilities at Global Payments.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending March 20, 2015
Posted on March 23, 2015 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Aramark 
Care.com 
Sunrun


Ares Management, L.P. 
SIFCO Industries, Inc. 
Maxwell Technologies 


Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. 
SterlingRisk
Ella Health


ampCNG 
RiskIQ
eProdigy


Hampshire Group, Limited 
Tower Three Partners
Deciphera Pharmaceuticals


WSFS Financial Corporation 
Zions Bancorporation 
Syniverse 


Pope Resources 
Aergen Management Services 
Druva


Schweitzer-Mauduit International, Inc. 
MedAssets, Inc. 
The Spectranetics Corporation 


Fibrocell Science, Inc. 
Globecomm 
FARO Technologies, Inc


Cantel Medical Corp.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) announced that Stephen P. Bramlage, Jr. has been named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. His appointment is effective April 6, 2015. Bramlage succeeds Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Fred Sutherland, who will retire after nearly 35 years with the company, including 17 years as CFO. Sutherland will remain with Aramark through December, 2015 to ensure a seamless transition. Bramlage joins Aramark from Owens-Illinois, Inc. (O-I), where he spent nine years and has served as Chief Financial Officer since 2012. Bramlage’s background also includes finance-related leadership jobs at PPG Industries, Inc. and Eli Lilly. He started his career as an auditor for Ernst & Young, LLP.
Care.com (NYSE: CRCM) announced that Michael Echenberg has been appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and will join in late April. Mr. Echenberg will succeed Steve Boulanger who was named Interim CFO of the Company in November 2014. Mr. Echenberg joins Care.com from Weight Watchers International Inc. where he served for the last two years as Chief Strategy Officer. In 2004, he joined WeightWatchers.com, then a separate company, as its Vice President of Strategy. After helping to consummate the transactions that brought WeightWatchers.com and Weight Watchers International together, he held several senior management roles in the combined entity. These included Head of Finance for the North America business unit; CFO of the Weight Watchers Health Solutions business unit in its launch year; and SVP, Corporate Finance & Strategy, which included management of investor relations. Mr. Echenberg started his career as a management consultant, first at Dean & Company and then at McKinsey & Company as part of its Corporate Finance & Strategy practice. In between, he served as Head of Strategy for ParentWatch, Inc.
Sunrun announced that Bob Komin has joined the company as chief financial officer (CFO). Komin has been as a CFO or chief operating officer (COO) at companies such as Tellme Networks, Solexel, and most recently, Flurry, Inc. Komin earlier served as vice president of finance and treasurer of Cincinnati Bell, and Convergys.
Ares Management, L.P. (NYSE: ARES) announced that it has appointed Michael R. McFerran as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. McFerran was previously a Managing Director at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (“KKR”) where he served as the Chief Financial Officer of KKR’s credit business and was the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of KKR Financial Holdings LLC (NYSE: KFN). Prior to joining KKR in 2005, Mr. McFerran spent the majority of his career at Ernst & Young LLP. Daniel F. Nguyen, Ares Management’s current Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, will remain with Ares as Chief Financial Officer of the Ares Private Equity and Tradable Credit Groups and will continue his involvement with firm M&A activities. The Chief Financial Officer roles for each of the other two Ares investment groups, Direct Lending and Real Estate, will continue to be filled by Penni Roll and Tae-Sik Yoon, respectively. In addition, Ms. Roll will continue as Chief Financial Officer of Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ: ARCC) and Mr. Yoon will continue as Chief Financial Officer of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (NYSE: ACRE).
SIFCO Industries, Inc. (NYSE MKT: SIF) announced that Catherine M. Kramer, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will leave the Company, effective April 3, 2015, to return to the private equity industry. Ms. Kramer has served in her current role since January 1, 2013. She joined the Company in 2012 as director of financial planning and analysis after spending four years at Greenstar Capital LLC, where she served as managing director and vice president of strategic planning. Corporate Controller Thomas R. Kubera will serve as interim Chief Financial Officer. Before joining SIFCO Industries in 2014, Mr. Kubera spent nine years at Cliffs Natural Resources, most recently as Controller – Global Operations Services.
Maxwell Technologies announced that the company and Kevin S. Royal, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will step down from his position during 2015.
Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. announced that it has appointed Stefanie Cavanaugh as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Apollo, Cavanaugh was Senior Vice President of Finance for Harden Healthcare from 2010 until its sale to Gentiva Health Services in 2014. She began her career with Ernst & Young before serving in executive management positions at The Cancer Therapy and Research Center, Encore Medical Corporation, and Solis Women’s Health.
SterlingRisk announced the appointment of Joanne Krush as Chief Financial Officer of the firm. Ms. Krush was most recently SVP/Finance for Hub International. Prior to Hub, Ms. Krush was the SVP/Finance at Aon/Berkely Travel and VP/Finance at Jardine Insurance Brokers. Ms. Krush began her career at Grant Thornton. She held financial positions in the video editing division of Columbia Pictures and for the international division of Kidder, Peabody & Co. before moving into insurance.
Ella Health announced today that it has appointed Joseph Shikorsky as Chief Financial Officer. Shikorsky was most recently Vice President of Finance with Physiotherapy Associates. Other positions include Chief Financial Officer/VP Finance of Fresenius Vascular Care; and VP/Controller of Critical Homecare Solutions.
ampCNG announced that Chief Financial Officer Saad Qais has joined the company. Previously, Saad was Vice President of Corporate Finance at Mainstream Renewable Power.
RiskIQ announced the appointment of Jeff Baeth as chief financial officer. He was previously a senior vice president at VeriSign. More recently, he served as CFO for Devicescape, and JAJAH Inc. Baeth currently serves as an advisory board member at Funding Wonder, Inc.
eProdigy has named Stephen Brown as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Brown had been serving as the company’s acting CFO. Before joining eProdigy, one of Mr. Brown’s recent positions was CFO/Treasurer of IDT Corp, where he had worked for 15 years.
Hampshire Group, Limited (OTC: HAMP) announced that, pursuant to an agreement with financial services and consulting firm, GRL Capital Advisors, it has retained the services of William Drozdowski as the Company’s interim Chief Financial Officer. Over the past eight years, he has served as interim Chief Financial Officer and/or Financial Advisor for thirteen of GRL Capital Advisors’ clients. Before joining GRL in 2006, Mr. Drozdowski was financial controller with Urban Brands. Before that he was the Director of Finance at Petrie Retail Inc. Earlier in his career, Mr. Drozdowski served as Controller for Petrie Stores Corp.
Tower Three Partners announced that Debra Bricker has been appointed Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer. Ms. Bricker succeeds Chris Jacobs who has retired. Ms. Bricker previously served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer at Harvest Partners, LP. Prior to joining Harvest, Debra was a Senior Accountant at Schroders in New York and Singapore. Ms. Bricker began her career at Coopers & Lybrand in its capital markets division.
Deciphera Pharmaceuticals announced the appointment of Tucker Kelly as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Deciphera Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Kelly served as Chief Financial Officer of AdvanDx, Inc. In addition, Mr. Kelly has served as Chief Financial Officer of deCODE Genetics and Critical Therapeutics (CRTX). Prior to joining Critical Therapeutics, Mr. Kelly held lead life science investment banking positions for Canaccord Adams and Robertson Stephens and as an attorney in the corporate and securities group for Foley, Hoag and Elliot, LLP.
WSFS Financial Corporation (NASDAQ: WSFS), the parent company of WSFS Bank, announced that Rodger Levenson was named interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Levenson, currently Chief Commercial Banking Officer, has served with the bank since 2006. Prior to joining WSFS, Mr. Levenson was Senior Vice President and Manager of the Specialized Banking Group at Citizens Bank. Earlier, he spent 17 years in various commercial banking positions at Wells Fargo (via predecessor companies). Steve Fowle, CFO since 2005, has accepted an opportunity with Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida.
Zions Bancorporation (NASDAQ: ZION) announced that Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Doyle L. Arnold will retire in early May, subsequent to the filing of the Company’s first quarter financial results. He will be succeeded as Chief Financial Officer by Paul E. Burdiss, currently Corporate Treasurer at SunTrust Banks, Inc. in Atlanta, Georgia. Previously, Mr. Burdiss served as Executive Vice President and Treasurer of Comerica Inc., where he previously served as Director of Investor Relations. Earlier in his career, Mr. Burdiss worked in Chicago, Illinois as a relationship manager at The Bank of Nova Scotia.
Syniverse announced that David W. Hitchcock has been appointed the company’s Executive Vice President, Global Product Management and Development, effective April 1, 2015. Hitchcock has served as the Chief Financial and Administrative Officer for Syniverse since 2007. Robert (Bob) Reich will take over the Chief Financial Officer role from David Hitchcock also effective April 1, 2015. Bob Reich was most recently the Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Hawaiian Telcom Communications, Inc. and previously served as the Vice President, Controller and Treasurer for McLeod,USA, Inc., as well as the Assistant Vice President, Corporate Financial Planning and Assistant Controller for Wisconsin Central Transportation Corporation. Reich also served as Audit Manager at Deloitte & Touche.
Pope Resources (NASDAQ: POPE) announced that John Lamb has been appointed Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective April 20, 2015.  Lamb succeeds Tom Ringo, who became Pope Resources’ President & Chief Executive Officer in December 2014 after having served as Interim CEO since June 2014. Mr. Lamb joins Pope Resources from Segale Properties where he was responsible for the firm’s property management and leasing activities as well as long-term development plans.  Prior to joining Segale Properties, from 1997 through 2013 Lamb was CFO and Senior VP of Unico Properties. From 1990 to 1997, he worked as Corporate Controller for Shurgard Storage Centers.  Mr. Lamb worked for both Ernst & Young and KPMG early in his career.
Aergen Management Services recently made several senior appointments including Heinz Westen as Chief Financial Officer. Dr. Westen most recently served as CFO of Dubai Aerospace Enterprises.  Before that, Dr. Westen worked in the aviation industry for more than 14 years at various leasing entities including as Boullioun Aviation Services, LTU International Airways, and WestLB.  
Druva announced the expansion of its executive team with the appointment of a Chief Financial Officer, Mahesh Patel. Mahesh Patel most recently served as VP, Corporate Controller and Treasurer at RingCentral. He previously held the same position at Intematix and multiple financial leadership roles at Atheros Communications until its acquisition by Qualcomm.
Schweitzer-Mauduit International, Inc. (NYSE: SWM) announced that Jeffrey A. Cook, the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, will retire from the Company effective April 3, 2015. Mr. Cook has held the position since February 2012. In the interim, Bob Cardin, the Company’s Controller, will assume the role of acting Chief Financial Officer.
MedAssets, Inc. (NASDAQ: MDAS) announced that Charles O. Garner was promoted to serve as executive vice president and chief strategy and transformation officer. Mr. Garner had been MedAssets chief financial officer since April 2011. Prior to joining MedAssets in 2005, Mr. Garner had previously held positions with Coca-Cola Enterprises, Bain & Company, and American Management Systems (now CGI). MedAssets also announced that Anthony Colaluca, Jr. has joined the company as executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO). Immediately prior to joining MedAssets, Mr. Colaluca was an independent consultant providing business and financial advisory services to public and private companies. From 2005 to 2010, Mr. Colaluca served as CFO for Intergraph Corporation. Prior to joining Intergraph, he served as CFO for Harland Financial Solutions, Inc., a software division of John H. Harland Company. Previously, Mr. Colaluca also served as CFO for Solution 6 North America, and CFO for Computer Management Sciences Inc.
The Spectranetics Corporation (NASDAQ: SPNC) reported that Guy Childs, Chief Financial Officer, has announced his plan to transition from his current role. Mr. Childs will continue to serve as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer until his replacement has been hired. Following the transition, Mr. Childs will continue to serve as an officer of the Company in a Vice President role that will include treasury, investor relations and financial planning.
Fibrocell Science, Inc. (NASDAQ: FCSC) announced the appointment of Keith A. Goldan as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Most recently he served as Senior Vice President and CFO of NuPathe Inc. Prior to joining NuPathe Inc., Mr. Goldan was CFO and a member of the board of directors of PuriCore plc, and Vice President and CFO of Biosyn, Inc. Mr. Goldan previously served in a variety of roles with ViroPharma Incorporated, Century Capital Associates, and the Healthcare & Life Sciences Practice of KPMG, LLP.
Globecomm announced that Jason D. Juranek has joined their executive team as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Globecomm, Mr. Juranek served as Vice President Division CFO of Harris CapRock; a division of Harris Corporation.  Prior to Harris CapRock, Juranek held various senior financial management positions at Vangent, General Dynamics and DynCorp.
FARO Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: FARO) announced that the Company and Peter G. Abram have mutually agreed that Mr. Abram will resign from his position as the Company’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Janet D’Anjou, the Company’s Vice President and Corporate Controller, will serve as the Company’s interim principal financial officer and interim principal accounting officer. Ms. D’Anjou has served as Vice President and Corporate Controller of the Company since May 2014. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. D’Anjou was employed at Tupperware Brands Corporation as Director, Financial Reporting from 2011 to May 2014 and as Director, External Reporting/Assistant Controller from 2007 to 2011.  Previously, Ms. D’Anjou was a technical accounting manager at Itron, Inc. from 2006 to 2007.  Ms. D’Anjou began her career at BDO Seidman LLP, where she served from 1997 to 2006 in roles of increasing responsibility.
Cantel Medical Corp. (NYSE: CMN) announced the appointment of Peter G. Clifford as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Mr. Clifford will replace Craig A. Sheldon, whose planned retirement was previously announced.  Mr. Sheldon will remain at Cantel as Executive Vice President through mid-May to assist in the transition. For the past six years, Mr. Clifford served as Vice President of Operations Finance and Information Technology of IDEX Corporation.  Prior to that role, from 2006 to 2009, Mr. Clifford served as CFO of Gast Manufacturing, an IDEX company. For approximately six years prior to joining IDEX, Mr. Clifford held various senior financial positions for General Electric (GE).
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,397 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:






WSFS Executive, Rodger Levenson, Named Chairman of the Delaware Bankers Association (NASDAQ:WSFS)




























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





May 9, 2014



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



WSFS Executive, Rodger Levenson, Named Chairman of the Delaware Bankers Association

WILMINGTON, Del., May 9, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- WSFS Financial Corporation (Nasdaq:WSFS), the parent company of WSFS Bank, today announced that WSFS Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Banking Officer Rodger Levenson was appointed to Chairman of the Delaware Bankers Association (DBA) during the 119th DBA Annual Meeting and Dinner held on May 8, 2014.

	A photo accompanying this press release is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/prs/?pkgid=25273

	In May 2013, Mr. Levenson was elected and installed to the position of Chairman-Elect of the DBA. He assumes the one-year Chairman post from David E. Gillan, Chairman of the Board and CEO of County Bank. Mr. Levenson has served on the Board of Directors of the DBA since 2011.

	"I look forward to leading the DBA during this next term," said Mr. Levenson. "While the current and evolving regulatory environment presents its challenges, the DBA gives Delaware banks a stronger voice with our elected officials in Dover and Washington D.C.  Our collective mission to provide financial services and invest in our communities makes Delaware an even better place to live and work."

	Founded in 1895, the Delaware Bankers Association is a not-for-profit private trade association comprised of national and state chartered banks, non-depository trust companies and savings banks that have assets in or are authorized to accept deposits in Delaware. Its mission is to support its member institutions with leadership and information that will provide their employees, their communities and the State with a safe and viable financial services industry.About WSFS Financial Corporation

	WSFS Financial Corporation is a multi-billion dollar financial services company. Its primary subsidiary, WSFS Bank, is the oldest, locally-managed bank and trust company headquartered in Delaware with $4.5 billion in assets on its balance sheet and $9.5 billion in fiduciary assets, including approximately $1.1 billion in assets under management. WSFS operates from 52 offices located in Delaware (42), Pennsylvania (8), Virginia (1) and Nevada (1) and provides comprehensive financial services including commercial banking, retail banking and trust and wealth management. Other subsidiaries or divisions include Christiana Trust, WSFS Investment Group, Inc., Cypress Capital Management, LLC, Cash Connect®, Array Financial and Arrow Land Transfer. Serving the Delaware Valley since 1832, WSFS Bank is the seventh oldest bank in the United States continuously operating under the same name. For more information, please visit wsfsbank.com.

	The photo is also available via AP PhotoExpress.CONTACT: Stephanie A. Heist

         (302) 571-5259

         sheist@wsfsbank.comRodger Levenson










     Rodger Levenson | WSFS Financial Corporation | ZoomInfo.com

















Rodger Levenson - Financial Advisor, Greenville, Delaware - BrightScope Advisor Pages

































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top
Home>Advisor Pages>Rodger Levenson








Rodger LevensonFind an Advisor




OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees








Is this you?Claim this profile


Share



Follow

Following








Rodger Levenson
Cypress Capital Management, LLC














Greenville
DelawareFind an Advisor





OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees











Overview








Description
        
This advisor is no longer actively registered and has no available registration history....











Information
        


other names

N/A
            


Other Firms

Wsfs Capital Management, LLCBoard Member
              





doing business as
N/A


type
Not Actively Registered







Location
        



3801 Kennett Pike


Greenville,
Delaware
19807


N/A
          








Services








Advisor Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.







Boeing Fee Settlement Highlights the High Bar for Large Plans
BrightScope Editorial







Funds







Funds Used With Clients
        




There are no funds listed for this advisor at this time.








Firm Client types








Qualifications







Experience


No timeline events available.














Are YouRodger Levenson?
          


Claim your profilefor FREE

Update yourcontact information

Highlight your specialtiesand expertise

Claim this free profile






Designations & Memberships




Membership information not available

















Articles and Answers







Insights by Rodger Levenson
        




There are no insights for this advisor to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Answers
        Ask a financial questionAsk a question




There are no answers for this advisor to display at this time.










Advisor Links
        




There are no links for this advisor to display at this time.










Licenses & Conducts








U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


license status
Not registered


disclosures
None


as of date

N/A







FINRA


license status
Not registered


disclosures
None


as of date

N/A






Review the status and details of the disclosures noted above using the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure website:
See Disclosure Details








Assets







Cypress Capital Management, LLC
Last updated on May 4, 2017





$738.5M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






530

          
Accounts
          


$1.4M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          














Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Fixed Fees












Other Advisors in Your Area





Herbert N Glass
Glass Retirement Strategies, Inc.
Bingham Farms, MIView Profile






Michael Reid, CFA®
Exchange Capital Management Inc
Ann Arbor, MIView Profile






Ken Krausman

Bloomfield Hills, MIView Profile






Melissa Joy CFP®
Center for Financial Planning Inc
Southfield, MIView Profile






Robert Paul Schmansky
Clear Financial Advisors, LLC
Livonia, MIView Profile






Richard Thomas Phillips
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Farmington, MIView Profile



See All Advisors










Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations












































BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisor
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find and Research a Financial Advisor
    





Search




Advisor Name







Active advisors only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Advisor Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/advisor/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Asset-Based Fees (511,641)



Fixed Fees (427,528)



Hourly Charges (257,230)



Commissions (238,795)



Fee Only (957)






State Approval



All states



California (192,879)



Florida (189,541)



Texas (168,901)



New York (157,565)



North Carolina (131,999)






Current Employer



No preference



Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (34,508)



Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC (26,644)



J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (25,620)



Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (24,261)









Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (273,083)



100M - 500M (31,170)



1B - 10B (92,712)



10B - 100B (113,966)



> 100B (174,235)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (41,103)



100 - 500K (380,623)



500K - 1M (19,774)



1M - 10M (25,755)






Client Types



No Preference



Individuals (565,003)



High Net Worth Individuals (564,937)



Pension And Profit Sharing Plans (564,588)



Charitable Organizations (564,199)



State Or Municipal Government Entities (563,978)






Financial Advisor Search Results


739,475 results













George Cones, JD 



                            
    					    Third Sigma Investment Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilmington, DE
			        













George Cabalu 



                            
    					    Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Mclean, VA
			        













Andrew Comstock, CFA 



                            
    					    Castlebar Asset Management, LLC
                            
                                


			            Leawood, KS
			        













Curtis E. Hollowell 



                            
    					    Redmount Capital Partners LLC
                            
                                


			            Newport Beach, CA
			        













John A. Frisch CPA/PFS, CFP®, AIF®, PPC 



                            
    					    Alliant Wealth Advisors
                            
                                


			            Prince William, VA
			        













James D. Kinney, CFP® 



                            
    					    Financial Pathways
                            
                                


			            Bridgewater, NJ
			        













Arie J. Korving, CFP® 



                            
    					    Korving & Company LLC
                            
                                


			            Suffolk, VA
			        













Tony Krance, MBA, CFP®, AIF® 



                            
    					    401K Plan Advisors
                            
                                


			            Green Bay, WI
			        













Eve L. Kaplan, CFP® 



                            
    					    Kaplan Financial Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Berkeley Heights, NJ
			        













Kimberly L. Curtis, CFP®, ChFC, CLU, CAP, AEP, MSFS 



                            
    					    Wealth Legacy Institute, Inc.
                            
                                


			            Denver, CO
			        













Lyle Himebaugh 



                            
    					    Granite Group Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilton, CT
			        













Martin "Marty" Leclerc 



                            
    					    Barrack Yard Advisors, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    Pickwick Capital Partners, LLC
                            
                                



			            Washington, DC
			        













Clint Haynes 



                            
    					    Nextgen Wealth, LLC
                            
                                


			            Lee'S Summit, MO
			        













Jonathan N. Castle, MSFS, CFP® 



                            
    					    Paragon Wealth Strategies, LLC.
                            
                                


			            Jacksonville, FL
			        













Nicholas Olesen, CFP®, CRPC® 



                            
    					    Private Advisor Group, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    LPL Financial LLC
                            
                                



			            King Of Prussia, PA
			        








1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations

























	
        Compensation Information for Rodger  Levenson , Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Development Officer of WSFS FINANCIAL CORP | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Rodger  Levenson 
Executive Compensation
As Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Development Officer at WSFS FINANCIAL CORP, Rodger  Levenson  made $736,329 in total compensation.  Of this total $358,750 was received as a salary, $211,799 was received as a bonus, $71,265 was received in stock options, $71,265 was awarded as stock and $23,250 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Rodger  Levenson ,  Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Development Officer at WSFS FINANCIAL CORP as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. WSFS FINANCIAL CORP income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. WSFS FINANCIAL CORP annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Mark A. Turner 
Richard M. Wright 
Paul D. Geraghty Sr.
Peggy H. Eddens 

Dominic C. Canuso 






Rodger  Levenson 


Base Pay$358,750
Bonus + Incentive Comp$211,799
Total Cash Compensation$570,549


Stock Award Value$71,265
Option Award Value$71,265
Total Equity$142,530



Total Other$23,250



Total Compensation$736,329




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















