


 



FTD Companies | Management










































 

			

 

















Management













Company Info

About FTD Companies

About FTD
About Interflora
About ProFlowers
About Additional Brands

Management
History
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions










Management
John WaldenPresident and Chief Executive Officer John Walden was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and member of the board of directors on March 1, 2017.  From 2014 to 2016, John served as Chief Executive of Home Retail Group plc, the United Kingdom's leading home and general merchandise retailer with 1,100 stores, multiple digital channels, approximately $9.0 billion in net sales and the parent company of the Argos, Homebase and Habitat retail chains.  Beginning in 2012 John was Managing Director and Chief Executive of Home Retail's principal division, Argos, Ltd.  During 2016, John led the successful sale of Homebase to Wesfarmers, and subsequently the successful sale of Argos and the balance of Home Retail Group to J Sainsbury plc.
Prior to Argos, in 2008 John founded Inversion, Inc., a strategic retail and technology consultancy, and from 2007 to 2008 he served as Executive Vice President Chief Customer Officer at Sears Holdings Corp. From 1999 to 2007, John held various executive leadership roles at Best Buy Company, Inc., including Executive Vice President Customer Business Group, Executive Vice President Human Capital and Leadership, and President Internet and Direct Channels Division. He also served in leadership roles at Peapod, Inc., a leading online supermarket and pioneer of online retailing. Earlier in his career, John held management roles at Ameritech Corporation and Storage Technology Corporation, and practiced corporate and securities law with Sidley Austin LLP.
John holds a Masters in Management from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management, Northwestern University, a Juris Doctor from Chicago-Kent College of Law, Illinois Institute of Technology, and a Bachelor of Science in Finance from the University of Illinois.

Stephen TuckerExecutive Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerStephen Tucker joined FTD Companies, Inc. as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on January 1, 2017.  Stephen previously served as Senior Vice President of Financial Operations at AT&T. In this role, he oversaw financial operations for the AT&T Entertainment Group's Content and Customer Care teams.  Prior to AT&T's acquisition of DIRECTV, Stephen served in many roles within DIRECTV, including SVP Financial Operations, where he provided finance support for the company's Customer Care, Field Services, Supply Chain, Service and Repair, and Protection Plan teams, and SVP of Business Operations and Chief Financial Officer for DIRECTV Sports Networks.  Earlier in his career, Stephen held the role of Financial Officer of FUN Technologies, a public company subsidiary of Liberty Media.  During his tenure, Stephen played a pivotal role in stabilizing the operating and financial performance of the company and returning it to a positive growth trajectory.  For the past 10 years, his focus has been driving growth and improving financial performance in the numerous businesses he has supported.Previously, Stephen spent 16 years with KPMG, including the final six years as an audit partner in the Information Communications and Entertainment practice.   While at KPMG, he provided audit, technical accounting, regulatory filing, transaction support and financial reporting assistance to companies across numerous industries.  Stephen holds a bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Simon Fraser University in Vancouver, Canada and is a Certified Public Accountant.

Rhys J. HughesPresident of InterfloraRhys J. Hughes is the head of our International Division and was appointed President of Interflora British Unit in May 2008, having previously spent two years as Chief Operating Officer of Interflora.  Mr. Hughes was also appointed head of Global Floral Strategy for FTD Companies, Inc. in October 2016.  Prior to joining Interflora in 2001 as Finance Director, he held senior financial roles with Boots Opticians and Vision Express. Mr. Hughes is a Chartered Accountant, having qualified with KPMG in Nottingham, where he spent most of his time in audit services. He received a First Class Honours degree in industrial economics from Nottingham University.

Eric J. VratimosExecutive Vice President, GiftingEric J. Vratimos is the Executive Vice President, Gifting, of FTD Companies, Inc. Mr. Vratimos joined FTD in January 2015 through the company's acquisition of Provide Commerce, where he was the Vice President and General Manager for the Personal Creations business until his promotion to Senior Vice President and General Manager, a position he held from April 2016 until June 2016.  Prior to joining Provide Commerce in 2011, Mr. Vratimos was a Partner and Head of the Chicago office with Oliver Wyman, Marsh and McLennan's global strategy and operations consultancy.  Mr. Vratimos spent 18 years with Oliver Wyman and its predecessor firm Mercer Management Consulting in a variety of leadership roles. Mr. Vratimos earned an A.B. in Engineering from Dartmouth College, where he graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa, and an M.S. in Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management from Stanford University.

Tom D. MoellerExecutive Vice President, Florist DivisionTom D. Moeller is the head of our Florist Division and has been with FTD since April 2010. He joined FTD as Executive Vice President, Florists' Transworld Delivery, Inc. from the William Wrigley Jr. Company, where he served as Global Chief Customer Officer since 2007 and as Vice President, U.S. Customer Sales and Support from 2001 to 2007. Prior to Wrigley, Mr. Moeller served as General Manager at Schering-Plough HealthCare, responsible for their Wal-Mart and Alternative Trade Channel businesses. Before joining Schering-Plough, he spent 12 years at Nabisco, Inc. in various sales and customer marketing roles. Mr. Moeller has had over 25 years of experience in consumer packaged goods. He is a graduate of Wartburg College and continued his executive education at Northwestern University and Cornell University.

Helen QuinnExecutive Vice President, US Consumer Floral Helen Quinn was appointed Executive Vice President, US Consumer Floral in July 2016, overseeing our U.S. Consumer Floral brands, FTD.com and ProFlowers. Ms. Quinn is a member of the Office of the CEO. She also has responsibility for our Consumer Marketing function, leveraging her experience in brand development, product innovation, quality management and enhancing the consumer experience.  Ms. Quinn has served as Commercial Director for Interflora business in the United Kingdom since 2005.  Ms. Quinn brings over 30 years' experience in merchandising, marketing and product development, including leadership positions with Virginware and Manchester United.  Ms. Quinn holds a diploma from Manchester Metropolitan University.

Jeffrey D. T. SevertsExecutive Vice President and Chief Marketing OfficerJeffrey D. T. Severts was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer for FTD Companies, Inc. in July 2017.  Jeff is a veteran marketer with experience across industries, geographies, and channels.  Prior to joining FTD, Jeff served as CEO of Ventris LLC, a boutique consulting agency he founded in 2014, specializing in marketing strategy and customer data analytics.  From 2012 to 2014, Jeff served as the Senior Vice President of Marketing at Ulta Beauty, a high-growth, $5 billion beauty retailer with over 990 stores across the United States.  At Ulta Beauty, Jeff helped drive the company's dramatic growth through innovative digital marketing campaigns, enhanced CRM efforts, and a new national loyalty program.  From 2010 to 2012, Jeff was the Chief Marketing and Services Officers for Best Buy Europe where he worked to revitalize the Carphone Warehouse brand and store experience. From 2001 to 2010, Jeff held various roles at Best Buy including Vice President and General Manager of Geek Squad and Vice President of Consumer and Brand Marketing. Prior to his roles at Best Buy, Jeff served as Vice President of Marketing and Product Management for Techies.com from 1999 to 2001 and held various marketing roles at General Mills, Inc. from 1992 to 1999.Jeff holds a Bachelor of Arts from Carleton College and a Master's in Business Administration with High Distinction from Harvard Business School.

Scott D. LevinExecutive Vice President, General Counsel and SecretaryScott D. Levin has been our Executive Vice President and General Counsel since September 2013 and was appointed Secretary on November 1, 2013. Mr. Levin is a member of the Office of the CEO. Mr. Levin was the Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of Coskata, Inc., a renewable fuels and chemicals production company, from 2012 to September 2013. From 2007 to 2012, Mr. Levin was Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for Morton's Restaurant Group, Inc., which was a publicly held restaurant holding company during that time. Prior to that, Mr. Levin held General Counsel positions at Torex Retail Americas (a global technology solutions provider) and OurHouse, Inc. (the home improvement e-commerce business for Ace Hardware Corporation). From 1996 to 1999, Mr. Levin served as Vice President and General Counsel of FTD, Inc. Mr. Levin also worked at Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP in New York City where he practiced in the mergers and acquisitions, securities and finance areas. Mr. Levin earned a J.D. from The National Law Center at George Washington University and a Bachelor's degree from Boston College.

Patricia A. CarlSenior Vice President, Human ResourcesPatricia A. Carl is the Senior Vice President, Human Resources and has been with FTD since July 2016.  Ms. Carl brings 20 years of Human Resources leadership experience to FTD.  Prior to joining FTD, Ms. Carl was with Surgical Solutions, LLC as Chief Human Resources Officer since 2015. From 2014 to 2015 Ms. Carl served as the Chief Human Resources Officer for Meritas, LLC. Prior to Meritas, Ms. Carl worked for Career Education Corporation, serving in various Human Resources leadership roles from 2009 until 2014.  In addition, Ms. Carl held Human Resource leadership roles at H&R Block, Inc. for 4 years and at Triton College for 5 years. Ms. Carl possesses a Bachelor of Arts degree in Interdisciplinary Studies from the University of Missouri and a Master's degree from the School of Social Work and Social Policy at the University of Pennsylvania.

Jay TopperExecutive Vice President, Technology and Customer Experience ManagementJay Topper joined FTD as Executive Vice President, Technology and Customer Experience Management in October 2016.  Previously, he served as the Chief Information Officer, Chief Technology Officer and Customer Services for VitaCost.com, a subsidiary of the Kroger Company.  Under Mr. Topper's leadership, Vitacost.com was the #1 e-retailer among websites selling health and beauty products in 2013, and earned the #2 spot in customer satisfaction - second only to Amazon.com - according to the ForeSee Experience Index.  Prior to Vitacost.com, he served as SVP, Customer Success and Chief Information Officer for Rosetta Stone, Inc.  During his tenure, the company earned back-to-back Stevie Awards in 2011 and 2012 for innovation in customer service.  Earlier in his career, Mr. Topper held various progressive leadership roles in technology and operations, and was a Commissioned Officer in the US Coast Guard.  He earned a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics from the US Coast Guard Academy and his Master of Science in Telecommunications and Information Management from the Polytechnic Institute of NYU.

Dale PerrottExecutive Vice President, Supply Chain OperationsDale Perrott joined FTD as Executive Vice President of Supply Chain Operations in September 2016.  Previously, Mr. Perrott served as Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain, Americas at Starbucks Coffee Company and served in various other operations leadership roles in his 11 years at the company during its years of key expansion.  He served on the Americas Senior Leadership team where he was accountable for supply chain operations serving all retail stores in North, South and Central America, and the Caribbean. Prior to joining Starbucks, he led supply chain efforts both domestically and abroad for the Quaker Oats Company, supporting the international expansion of the Gatorade brand.   Before holding corporate roles, Mr. Perrott consulted for Ernst & Young/Capgemini, directing business transformation and implementation of optimization solutions in demand, supply, transportation and pricing for Fortune 500 companies. He possesses a Bachelor's degree in Transportation/Logistics from Iowa State University and the International Logistics Certification from University of Tennessee-Knoxville.



















L. Scott Levin, MD, FACS profile | PennMedicine.org












































Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Penn Medicine

Expand Search
Menu

800-789-7366












            Find a Doctor or Practice Location
		







Show Search
Hide Search



Are you a referring physician?

Provider Name





Specialty



Show All
Adolescent Medicine
Allergy and Immunology
Anesthesiology and Critical Care
Bariatric Surgery
Behavioral Health
Cancer
Cardiac Surgery (See also: Heart and Vascular)
Cardiology (See also: Heart and Vascular)
Colon and Rectal Surgery
Dental Medicine
Dermatology
Diabetes
Ear, Nose and Throat (Otorhinolaryngology)
Emergency Medicine
Endocrine and Oncologic Surgery (See also: Cancer)
Endocrinology
Family Medicine
Fertility
Gastroenterology
Gastrointestinal Surgery
General Surgery
Geriatric Medicine
Gynecologic Oncology
Gynecology
Heart and Vascular
Hematology
Hospital Medicine
Hyperbaric Medicine
Infectious Diseases
Internal Medicine
Kidney
Lung
Maternal Fetal Medicine
Medical Genetics
Medical Oncology (See also: Cancer)
Neonatology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Obstetrics
Occupational Medicine
Ophthalmology
Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery
Orthopaedics
Outpatient Labs
Pain Management
Pathology and Laboratory Medicine
Pediatrics (General)
Plastic Surgery
Podiatric Surgery and Medicine
Primary Care
Psychiatry
Pulmonary Medicine (See also: Lung)
Radiation Oncology (See also: Cancer)
Radiology
Rehabilitation Medicine
Renal Electrolyte and Hypertension (See also: Kidney)
Rheumatology
Sleep Medicine
Surgical Oncology (See also: Cancer)
Thoracic Surgery
Transplant
Traumatology, Surgical Critical Care and Emergency Surgery
Travel Medicine
Urogynecology
Urology
Vascular Medicine (See also: Heart and Vascular)
Vascular Surgery (See also: Heart and Vascular)
Wound Care





Subspecialty



Show All




Condition or Treatment





Zip Code


within


1 mile
3 miles
5 miles
10 miles
20 miles








Near Me



Gender



Both
Male
Female



Language


Show All
Albanian
Arabic
Armenian
Bengali
Bosnian
Bulgarian
Burmese
Cantonese
Chinese
Creole
Croatian
Czech
Dutch
Farsi
Filipino
French
Fujianese
German
Greek
Gujarati
Hebrew
Hindi
Hungarian
Ibibio
Indonesian
Italian
Japanese
Kannada
Korean
Malayalam
Mandarin
Marathi
Persian
Polish
Portuguese
Punjabi
Romanian
Russian
Serbian
Sindhi
Spanish
Swedish
Tagalog
Taiwanese
Tamil
Telugu
Thai
Tigrinya
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Vietnamese




Insurance



Show All
Aetna Better Health
Aetna US Healthcare
Amerihealth Caritas
Amerihealth Caritas Medicare
Cigna
Cigna HealthSpring
CVS Health
Devon Health Services (Americare)
Gateway Health Plan
Geisinger Health Plan
Health Net
HealthAmerica / HealthAssurance, a Coventry Plan
HealthPartners
HealthPartners Medicare
HealthSmart
Highmark Blue Shield
Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey
Humana / Choicecare
Independence Blue Cross (Keystone East)
Intergroup
Keystone First
Keystone First Medicare
Multiplan
NJ Amerihealth
NJ Medicaid
NJ Medicare
NJ Qualcare
OPR New Jersey Medicaid
OPR NJ Medicare
OPR PA Medicare
OPR Pennsylvania Medicaid
Oxford Health Plan
PA Medicaid
PA Medicare
Pennsylvania Health & Wellness
PHCS - Private Healthcare Services
Preferred Care
Preferred Health Care/LGH
Rail Road Medicare / Palmetto GBA
Remedy Partners at Penn Medicine
Superior Vision Benefit Mgmt, Inc (Block Vision)
Tricare
United Healthcare
UnitedHealthcare Community Plan
US Family Health Plan
Vibra Health Plan




I am searching for a



Doctor



Practice Location




Reset Form

















                                        L. Scott Levin, MD, FACS
                                    

                                        Physician
                                    



                                               Chair, Department of Orthopaedic Surgery
                                            

                                               Paul B. Magnuson Professor of Bone and Joint Surgery
                                            

                                               Professor of Plastic Surgery in Surgery
                                            




PDF Profile


Video: Get to Know  Dr. Levin




Dr. Levin is a Penn Medicine employed physician.






                                        Request an Appointment
                                    






4.7out of 5


66 Patient Satisfaction Ratings





                                About Dr. L. Scott Levin
                            


Recognized annually in Philadelphia magazine's Top Docs issue, 2010-2017
Recognized by America's Top Doctors, 2010, 2012-14
Recognized by Best Doctors in America 2009-2010, 2011-2012, 2013-2014







                                Patient Satisfaction Ratings
                            

Patient Rating Breakdown

The Patient Satisfaction Rating is an average of all responses to the care provider related questions shown below from our nationally-recognized Press Ganey Patient Satisfaction Survey. Patients that are treated in outpatient or hospital environments may receive different surveys, and the volume of responses will vary by question.
Responses are measured on a scale of 1 to 5 with 5 being the best score.
The comments are submitted by patients and reflect their views and opinions. The comments are not endorsed by and do not necessarily reflect the views of Penn Medicine.


Overall Ratings

Patient Comments





                            Clinical Specialties
                        


Specialty:

Orthopaedic Surgery
Plastic Surgery

Programs & Centers:

Hand and Wrist Program
Hand Transplant Program
Plastic Surgery
Sarcoma Program
Trauma and Fracture Services
Wound Care Program

Board Certification:

Orthopaedic Surgery, 1993
Plastic Surgery, 1993
Surgery - Surgery of the Hand, 1994



Clinical Expertise:




                                                    Ankle Fracture
                                                

                                                    Avascular Necrosis (Osteonecrosis)
                                                

                                                    Bone Infection (Osteomyelitis)
                                                

                                                    Brachial Plexus Injury (BPI)
                                                

                                                    Chronic Wounds
                                                

                                                    Dupuytren's Contracture
                                                

                                                    Hand Arthritis
                                                

                                                    Hand Fracture
                                                

                                                    Hand Ligament Injury
                                                

                                                    Hand Transplant
                                                

                                                    Limb Salvage Surgery
                                                

                                                    Malunion
                                                




Microvascular Reconstructive Surgery
Nonunion
Peripheral Nerve Surgery
Reactive Arthritis
Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA)
Sternal Nonunion
Tarsal Tunnel Syndrome (TTS)
Tendon Transfers
Vascularized Bone Grafts
Wrist Arthritis
Wrist Fracture








                                Practice Locations and Appointments
                            










Penn Musculoskeletal Center




                                                            Penn Medicine University City
                                                        

                                                            7th Floor
                                                        

                                                            3737 Market Street
                                                        

                                                            Philadelphia, PA 19104
                                                        

                                                            800-789-7366 (PENN)
                                                        



Map & Driving Directions



A facility of Penn Presbyterian Medical Center














                                Insurance Accepted
                            




Aetna US Healthcare
Cigna
Cigna HealthSpring
Devon Health Services (Americare)
Gateway Health Plan
Geisinger Health Plan
HealthAmerica / HealthAssurance, a Coventry Plan
HealthPartners
HealthPartners Medicare
HealthSmart




Highmark Blue Shield
Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey
Humana / Choicecare
Independence Blue Cross (Keystone East)
Intergroup
Keystone First
Multiplan
NJ Medicaid
NJ Qualcare
Oxford Health Plan




PA Medicaid
PA Medicare
Preferred Health Care/LGH
Rail Road Medicare / Palmetto GBA
Remedy Partners at Penn Medicine
Tricare
United Healthcare
UnitedHealthcare Community Plan
US Family Health Plan







                                Education and Training
                            



                                        
                                                Medical School: Temple University School of Medicine
                                        
                                                Residency: Duke University Medical Center
                                        
                                                Fellowship: Duke University Medical Center
                                        
                                            





                                Memberships
                            




                                                        Academic Orthopaedic Alumni Association, National
                                                    



                                                        Alpha Omega Alpha Honor Medical Society, National
                                                    



                                                        American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons , National
                                                    



                                                        American Association of Plastic Surgeons, National
                                                    



                                                        American Board of Plastic Surgery, National
                                                    



                                                        American College of Surgeons, National
                                                    



                                                        American Israeli Orthopaedic Society, International
                                                    



                                                        American Orthopaedic Association, National
                                                    



                                                        American Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Society , National
                                                    



                                                        American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, National
                                                    



                                                        American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery, National
                                                    



                                                        American Society for Reconstructive Transplantation, National
                                                    



                                                        American Society for Surgery of the Hand, National
                                                    



                                                        American Society of Maxillofacial Surgeons, National
                                                    



                                                        American Society of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, National
                                                    



                                                        Armed Forces Institute of Regenerative Medicine, Rutgers Cleveland Clinic Consortium - Composite Tissue Allotransplantation, National
                                                    



                                                        Association for International Reconstructive Microsurgery - Composite Tissue Allotransplantation, National
                                                    



                                                        Association of Academic Chairman of Plastic Surgery, National
                                                    



                                                        British Society for Surgery of the Hand, International
                                                    



                                                        DeForest Willard Society, University of Pennsylvania Health System, Local
                                                    



                                                        Duke Hand Club, Local
                                                    



                                                        Eastern Orthopaedic Association, Local
                                                    



                                                        German Society for Orthopaedics and Trauma, International
                                                    



                                                        Godina Fellowship Selection Committee, National
                                                    



                                                        Groupe pour l’Avancement de la  Microchirurgie, International
                                                    



                                                        International Advisory Board on Surgical Wound Management,Smith and Nephew, International
                                                    



                                                        International Federation of the Society for Surgery of the Hand (IFSSH), International
                                                    



                                                        International Microsurgery Society, International
                                                    



                                                        International Society of Reconstructive Microsurgery, International
                                                    



                                                        KIROS, National
                                                    



                                                        Musculoskeletal Infection Society, National
                                                    



                                                        New Millennium Hand Club, National
                                                    



                                                        North Carolina Chapter of the American College of Surgeons, Local
                                                    



                                                        North Carolina Medical Society, Local
                                                    



                                                        North Carolina Society for Surgery of the Hand, Local
                                                    



                                                        North Carolina Society of Plastic, Maxillofacial and Reconstructive Surgeons, Local
                                                    



                                                        Orthopaedic  Research Society, National
                                                    



                                                        Orthopaedic Trauma Association, National
                                                    



                                                        Orthopaedic Trauma Research Program, National
                                                    



                                                        Pennsylvania Orthopaedic Society, Local
                                                    



                                                        Piedmont Orthopaedic Society, National
                                                    



                                                        Plastic Surgery Educational Foundation, National
                                                    



                                                        Plastic Surgery Educational Foundation, National
                                                    



                                                        Plastic Surgery Research Council, National
                                                    



                                                        Societe International de Chirurgie et de Traumatologie (SICOT), International
                                                    



                                                        Society of Military Orthopaedic Surgeons, National
                                                    



                                                        Southeastern Hand Club, National
                                                    



                                                        Southeastern Society of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeons, National
                                                    



                                                        Southern Medical Association, National
                                                    



                                                        Southern Orthopaedic Association, National
                                                    



                                                        Temple University School of Medicine Alumni Association , Local
                                                    



                                                        Undersea and Hyperbaric Medical Society, National
                                                    



                                                        World Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery, International
                                                    






                                Hospital Affiliation
                            


Dr. Levin is a Penn Medicine employed physician.


Hospital Privileges:


                                                    Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania: Has privileges to treat patients in the hospital.
                                                

                                                    Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania: Has privileges to treat patients in the hospital.
                                                

                                                    Penn Medicine Rittenhouse Long-Term Acute Care Hospital: Has privileges to treat patients in the hospital.
                                                

                                                    Penn Presbyterian Medical Center: Has privileges to treat patients in the hospital.
                                                

                                                    Penn Presbyterian Medical Center: Has privileges to treat patients in the hospital.
                                                

                                                    Pennsylvania Hospital: Has privileges to treat patients in the hospital.
                                                

                                                    Pennsylvania Hospital: Has privileges to treat patients in the hospital.
                                                






                                Research
                            


Selected Publications:

Colen David L, Lin Ines C, Levin L Scott, Chang Benjamin: Radial Longitudinal Deficiency: Recent Developments, Controversies, and an Evidence-Based Guide to Treatment. The Journal of hand surgery  42 (7): 546-563,2017.
                                                

Shammas R L, Hwang B H, Levin L S, Richard M J, Ruch D S, Mithani S K: Outcomes of sympathectomy and vascular bypass for digital ischaemia in connective tissue disorders. The Journal of hand surgery, European volume : 1753193417718784,2017.
                                                

Silvestre Jason, Lin Ines C, Levin Lawrence Scott, Chang Benjamin: Variable Operative Experience in Hand Surgery for Plastic Surgery Residents. Journal of surgical education  74 (4): 650-655,2017.
                                                

Momeni Arash, Lanni Michael A, Levin Lawrence S, Kovach Stephen J: Does the use of arteriovenous loops increase complications rates in posttraumatic microsurgical lower extremity reconstruction?-A matched-pair analysis. Microsurgery : 2017.
                                                

Shammas Ronnie L, Avashia Yash J, Farjat Alfredo E, Catanzano Anthony A, Levin L Scott, Eward William C, Brigman Brian E, Erdmann Detlev: Vascularized Fibula-Based Physis Transfer: A Follow-Up Study of Longitudinal Bone Growth and Complications. Plastic and reconstructive surgery. Global open  5 (5): e1352,2017.
                                                

Kazmers Nikolas H, Rozell Joshua C, Rumball Kevin M, Kozin Scott H, Zlotolow Dan A, Levin L Scott: Medial Femoral Condyle Microvascular Bone Transfer as a Treatment for Capitate Avascular Necrosis: Surgical Technique and Case Report. The Journal of hand surgery : 2017.
                                                

Levin L Scott, Rozell Joshua C, Pulos Nicholas: Distal Radius Fractures in the Elderly. The Journal of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons  25 (3): 179-187,2017.
                                                

Shubinets Valeriy, Gerety Patrick A, Pannucci Christopher J, Butler Paris D, Mirzabeigi Michael N, Chang Benjamin, Levin L Scott, Lin Ines C: Attitude of hand surgeons toward Affordable Care Act: A survey of members of American Society for Surgery of the Hand. Journal of orthopaedics  14 (1): 38-44,2017.
                                                

Ligh Cassandra A, Nelson Jonas A, Fischer John P, Kovach Stephen J, Levin L Scott: The Effectiveness of Free Vascularized Fibular Flaps in Osteonecrosis of the Femoral Head and Neck: A Systematic Review. Journal of reconstructive microsurgery  33 (3): 163-172,2017.
                                                

Zimmer Zachary R, Horneff John G, Taylor Ryan M, Levin L Scott, Kovach Stephen, Mehta Samir: Evaluation and Treatment of Open Distal Humeral Fractures. JBJS reviews  5 (1): 2017.
                                                





                                Academic Contact Info
                            



Penn Medicine University City3737 Market Street, 6th Floor
Philadelphia, PA 19104


Phone: 215-662-3340


Fax:
                                                    215-349-5890



Patient appointments: 
800-789-7366 (PENN)







                                Related Links
                            


Penn Orthopaedics























































    Scott Levin | FTD.Com , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com







	Scott A. Rader









































Advanced











Share
PDF
Print
Email
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter






        Scott A. Rader
    

        Member 
            e-mail
vCard





                            New York

+1.212.692.6751 











                    Education


                Columbia University
                (JD)
            

                Columbia University
                (BA, magna cum laude)
            
 


                    Bar Admissions


                     New Jersey

                     New York

                    United States District Court for the District of New Jersey

                    United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York

                    United States District Court for the Southern District of New York

















Scott has a robust complex commercial litigation practice and has consistently achieved successful litigation results for clients in fields including finance, health care, communications, antitrust, insurance, and gaming law. Scott also has significant experience advising clients on regulatory matters in these areas. 
 Prior to joining Mintz Levin, Scott worked at Sullivan & Cromwell LLP where his experience included successfully working on a number of high-profile civil litigations and regulatory investigations.  
 Scott graduated magna cum laude from Columbia College, Columbia University, where he placed on the dean's list every semester. Scott received his JD from Columbia University School of Law, where he was a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar and member of the Columbia Journal of Transnational Law. Scott clerked in 2009 - 2010 for the Honorable William H. Walls, US District Court for the District of New Jersey. 
Representative Matters

Financial Institutions/Securities

Represented private equity placement firm in arbitration with buy-out firm regarding payment of placement agent fee
Represented leading global asset management company and senior director of company defending against claims of breach of contract, tortious interference, and civil conspiracy
Represented fund manager of a shariah-compliant real estate fund in civil litigation and SEC investigation relating to the fees paid to the fund manager
Represented major financial institution in multi-agency cross-border criminal and regulatory investigation
Represented aircraft manufacturer in securities class action


 Health Care

Represented physician in investigation by Civil Frauds Units at the U.S. Attorney’s Office in the Southern District of New York regarding propriety of physician’s coding, documentation and reimbursements
Represented pharmacy benefit management company in dispute relating to alleged breach of its obligations under the Medicare and Medicaid Prescription Drug Services Agreements 


Antitrust

Represented multinational computer technology company in cutting-edge antitrust litigation
Represented bank in antitrust review in connection with merger 


Communications

Represented cable broadband provider in civil litigation against competitor concerning payment of invoiced rates for VoIP traffic
Represented cable operator in administrative proceeding regarding program carriage dispute
Represented cable operators in FCC Enforcement Bureau inquiries


Insurance

Represented insured in a D&O coverage action
Represented insured in a declaratory judgment action arising out of no-fault insurance claims
Advised insurer on regulatory issues relating to the National Flood Insurance Program


 General Commercial Litigation

Represented reality television star in breach of contract and copyright litigation
Represented apparel company in putative class action relating to alleged product defects


White Collar

Represented antiquities collector in alleged unlawful importation and money laundering federal prosecution
Represented employee accused of electronic theft of information in state prosecution
Represented brokerage employee in sentencing involving a highly complex voluntary deportation


Gaming 

Advised client on setting up valid sweepstakes under New York law
Advised client on various issues involving fantasy sports wagering
Represented sports bettor in alleged unlawful gambling and money laundering federal prosecution

Recognitions & Awards

New York Super Lawyers: Rising Star - Business Litigation (2014 - 2016)

Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty, February 2014 Volunteer of the Month


Professional & Community Involvement

 Providing pro bono legal guidance to two organizations on matters of labor and employment law
Member, Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty, Young Leadership (MVP) Committee
















 Twenty-Eight Mintz Levin Attorneys Named 2016  New York Super Lawyers and Rising Stars,  (09.21.2016)                       
            
            


 Mintz Levin Achieves Denial of  Class Certification for adidas America Inc.,  (09.09.2016)                       
            
            


 Mintz Levin Elevates Six Attorneys To Members of the Firm,  (05.02.2016)                       
            
            






Scott has a robust complex commercial litigation practice and has consistently achieved successful litigation results for clients in fields including finance, health care, communications, antitrust, insurance, and gaming law. Scott also has significant experience advising clients on regulatory matters in these areas. 
 Prior to joining Mintz Levin, Scott worked at Sullivan & Cromwell LLP where his experience included successfully working on a number of high-profile civil litigations and regulatory investigations.  
 Scott graduated magna cum laude from Columbia College, Columbia University, where he placed on the dean's list every semester. Scott received his JD from Columbia University School of Law, where he was a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar and member of the Columbia Journal of Transnational Law. Scott clerked in 2009 - 2010 for the Honorable William H. Walls, US District Court for the District of New Jersey. 
Representative Matters

Financial Institutions/Securities

Represented private equity placement firm in arbitration with buy-out firm regarding payment of placement agent fee
Represented leading global asset management company and senior director of company defending against claims of breach of contract, tortious interference, and civil conspiracy
Represented fund manager of a shariah-compliant real estate fund in civil litigation and SEC investigation relating to the fees paid to the fund manager
Represented major financial institution in multi-agency cross-border criminal and regulatory investigation
Represented aircraft manufacturer in securities class action


 Health Care

Represented physician in investigation by Civil Frauds Units at the U.S. Attorney’s Office in the Southern District of New York regarding propriety of physician’s coding, documentation and reimbursements
Represented pharmacy benefit management company in dispute relating to alleged breach of its obligations under the Medicare and Medicaid Prescription Drug Services Agreements 


Antitrust

Represented multinational computer technology company in cutting-edge antitrust litigation
Represented bank in antitrust review in connection with merger 


Communications

Represented cable broadband provider in civil litigation against competitor concerning payment of invoiced rates for VoIP traffic
Represented cable operator in administrative proceeding regarding program carriage dispute
Represented cable operators in FCC Enforcement Bureau inquiries


Insurance

Represented insured in a D&O coverage action
Represented insured in a declaratory judgment action arising out of no-fault insurance claims
Advised insurer on regulatory issues relating to the National Flood Insurance Program


 General Commercial Litigation

Represented reality television star in breach of contract and copyright litigation
Represented apparel company in putative class action relating to alleged product defects


White Collar

Represented antiquities collector in alleged unlawful importation and money laundering federal prosecution
Represented employee accused of electronic theft of information in state prosecution
Represented brokerage employee in sentencing involving a highly complex voluntary deportation


Gaming 

Advised client on setting up valid sweepstakes under New York law
Advised client on various issues involving fantasy sports wagering
Represented sports bettor in alleged unlawful gambling and money laundering federal prosecution

Recognitions & Awards

New York Super Lawyers: Rising Star - Business Litigation (2014 - 2016)

Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty, February 2014 Volunteer of the Month


Professional & Community Involvement

 Providing pro bono legal guidance to two organizations on matters of labor and employment law
Member, Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty, Young Leadership (MVP) Committee



Newsroom




 Twenty-Eight Mintz Levin Attorneys Named 2016  New York Super Lawyers and Rising Stars,  (09.21.2016)                       
            
            


 Mintz Levin Achieves Denial of  Class Certification for adidas America Inc.,  (09.09.2016)                       
            
            


 Mintz Levin Elevates Six Attorneys To Members of the Firm,  (05.02.2016)                       
            
            










                    Practices


Litigation


Communications


Cable & Broadband


Insurance, Reinsurance, Investigations & Risk Management


Sports Law


Sports Law


more »
« less






                    Industries


Financial Services


Health Care


Insurance


Nonprofits


Professional Services


Technology


more »
« less



















        Create PDF

        Include:

            
            Publications
            


                    Alerts & Advisories


                    Industry Reports & Newsletters


                    Published Articles




                Speaking Engagements

               
                Newsroom
                


                        Press Releases


                        In The News










NOTICE:
                Please note that contacting Mintz Levin by email, telephone or facsimile will not establish 
                an attorney-client relationship, obligate us to act as your attorney or respond to you regardless 
                of the content of your communication.  Completion of Mintz Levin's new client and new matter intake 
                protocol, including without limitation the firm’s conflicts checking process and an engagement letter, 
                is necessary to establish an attorney-client relationship.  Absent a current attorney-client relationship 
                with Mintz Levin, any information or documents communicated or transmitted by you to Mintz Levin will not 
                be treated as confidential, secret or protected in any way.  If you are not a current client of Mintz Levin, 
                please do not send any confidential information to us through this web site or otherwise concerning any 
                potential or actual legal matter you have.  Before providing any confidential information to us, you must 
                obtain permission to do so from one of the firm’s lawyers.
            
OK
CANCEL








Email This Page
To: (email address)*

From: (email address)

From: (your name)

Note: (optional)



Your privacy is important to us. Mintz Levin uses the names, 
				e-mail addresses, and notes you provide only to transmit the information you would like to send to us through this page. 
				We do not sell the information collected through this website to anyone. If you are not a current Mintz Levin client, 
				please do not include any information that you or another party considers confidential on this form. 
				Please also see our Disclaimer & Privacy Statement. 
                 




































Profile of Dr. Scott Levin, D.C. (NPI # 1871779975)








Profile of Dr. Scott Levin, D.C. (NPI # 1871779975)Detailed, comprehensive, open, and free profile of Dr. Scott Levin, D.C. (NPI # 1871779975), including affiliations, publications, patient care statistics, services and procedures provided, drug prescribing statistics, and open payments received.





Dr. Scott Bradley Levin, D.C.NPI#: 1871779975

Chiropractor (111N00000X)CA Lic. # 30643


Active
Sole Proprietor


Last Updated: January 18, 2008(9 years ago)
     




Advertisement







Overview 


Affiliations 
 Medical School (via Medicare) 
 Practice Location (via NPPES) 
 Mailing Address (via NPPES) 
 Practice Location (via Medicare) 
 Clinic Group Practices (via Medicare) 

Publications 

Patient Care Statistics 
 for 2014 
 for 2013 


Services and Procedures 
 in 2014 
 in 2013 
 in 2012 


DMEPOS Products and Services 
 in 2014 
 in 2013 


Drug Prescribing Statistics 
 for 2014 
 for 2013 


Open Payments Received 
 in 2015 
 in 2014 
 in 2013 

Help! (Contact Us) 





Other providers of interest:




Advertisement







Overview

Dr. Scott Bradley Levin, D.C. is a Chiropractor specialty provider based out of Berkeley, California. The NPI number for Dr. Scott Bradley Levin, D.C. is 1871779975. Based on a NPI lookup from the NPI registry (NPPES), this provider holds a license number 30643 (California).Based on Medicare data from 2014, the provider did not accept the Medicare approved amount as payment in full. did not participate in the Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS), which is a Medicare program that encourages healthcare professionals and group practices to report information on their respective quality of care. The provider did not utilize electronic health records (EHR systems), which are important because they may improve a healthcare professional's ability to make well-informed treatment decisions. did not participate in the 'Maintenance of Certification Program' (MOC), which encourages board certified physicians to continue learning and self-evaluating throughout their medical career. The provider did not participate in the 'Million Hearts' initiative (MHI), which is a national initiative that encourages health care professionals to report and perform well on activities related to heart health in an effort to prevent heart attacks and strokes.Taxonomy definitions, as per the National Uniform Claim Committee (NUCC): A provider qualified by a Doctor of Chiropractic (D.C.), licensed by the State and who practices chiropractic medicine -that discipline within the healing arts which deals with the nervous system and its relationship to the spinal column and its interrelationship with other body systems.Frequently Asked Questions:What medical school did Dr. Scott Bradley Levin, D.C. attend?What is Dr. Scott Bradley Levin, D.C.'s practice location?What clinic group practices is Dr. Scott Bradley Levin, D.C. a part of?What PubMed-indexed publications have been authored by Dr. Scott Bradley Levin, D.C.?What are the statistics (i.e. demographics) of Dr. Scott Bradley Levin, D.C.'s patients?What medical services and procedures does Dr. Scott Bradley Levin, D.C. provide?What durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies (DMEPOS) did Dr. Scott Bradley Levin, D.C. provide?What drugs / medications have been prescribed by Dr. Scott Bradley Levin, D.C.?How many open payments from the drug industry (i.e. pharmaceutical companies) has Dr. Scott Bradley Levin, D.C. received?




Affiliations


Medical School (via Medicare):N/APractice Location Address (via NPPES):2619 Benvenue Ave Apt BBerkeley, CA 94704United States (US)Telephone Number: 510-499-8468Fax Number: Practice Mailing Address (via NPPES):2619 Benvenue Ave Apt BBerkeley, CA 94704United States (US)Telephone Number: 510-499-8468Fax Number: Clinic Group Practices (via Medicare):










Publications
In addition, find full text journal articles by Scott Levin on PDF.MPro 



Advertisement







Patient Care Statistics (2014 Data, via Medicare)



Patient Care Statistics (2013 Data, via Medicare)





Services and Procedures Provided (2014 Data, via Medicare)



Services and Procedures Provided (2013 Data, via Medicare)



Services and Procedures Provided (2012 Data, via Medicare)





Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies (DMEPOS) Products and Services Provided (2014 Data, via Medicare)



Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies (DMEPOS) Products and Services Provided (2013 Data, via Medicare)





Drug Prescribing Statistics (2014 Data, via Medicare)



Drug Prescribing Statistics (2013 Data, via Medicare)




Open Payments Received

In 2015:N/A

In 2014:N/A

In 2013:N/A







Explanations of Terms and Helpful Links

Q: What is a NPI number?
A: As per CMS, a National Provider Identifier (NPI) is a unique identification number for covered health care providers, which was created to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of electronic transmission of health information.

Q: How does NPI number registration work? How do I get, apply, or register for a NPI number? Is there an easy way of obtaining an NPI number?
A: As per CMS, the most convenient method of registering for a NPI number is to visit NPPES and follow the on-screen instructions. If you have any questions during the registration process, you may contact NPI customer service at 1-800-465-3203.

Q: Is there any easy-to-read NPI number list or a list of NPI numbers?
A: There are several lists that you may find online, but an example of an official one is from CMS, which allows you to view certain data using table-like interfaces. An NPI number search can also be performed via the NPPES NPI registry.

Q: What is my profession's NPI number? How about my group NPI number? And my medical NPI number?
A: The NPPES NPI registry is the official website for finding / locating and verifying your NPI number and related details. Our website does indeed utilize NPPES data as one of its sources and we encourage you to explore all possible sources for NPI verification.




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Advertisement / Matched Content




Other providers of interest:









Disclaimer PubProfile uses publicly available data from various organizations:American Medical Association (AMA)Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)National Institutes of Health (NIH)U.S. National Library of Medicine (NLM)Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS)National Plan and Provider Enumeration System (NPPES)National Uniform Claim Committee (NUCC)
These organizations are not responsible for the product and they do not endorse or recommend this or any other product.

Contact Us



Name: 
Email: 
NPI (required for removal requests): 
Comments: 
Spam Prevention:




Copyright © 2017 PubProfile.comAll rights reserved.
Back to top
















1.6994 s
















L. Scott Levin, MD | Children's Hospital of Philadelphia

















































































Skip to content


















Children's Hospital of Philadelphia







Search










 












     
  








L. Scott Levin, MD



    L. Scott Levin, MD, is Chair of the Department of Orthopedic Surgery at Penn Medicine and Director of the Hand Transplant Program at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP).
  
 Locations:
Main Campus 
Appointments and Referrals: 1-800-TRY-CHOP (1-800-879-2467)

































 





 Background   L. Scott Levin, MD, FACS, is Director of the Hand Transplantation Program at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP). He is also the Paul B. Magnuson Professor (with tenure) and Chair of the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, and Professor of Surgery. Levin is board-certified in Orthopedic Surgery and has a Certificate of added Qualification in hand surgery. In addition, he is board-certified in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.
As an accomplished clinician, his expertise focuses on surgery of the hand and upper extremity, reconstructive microsurgical techniques for extremity reconstruction and limb salvage. His research interests focus predominantly on extremity soft tissue reconstruction and composite tissue allotransplantation.
Working collaboratively with colleagues across medical disciplines, Dr. Levin established and was the Director of Duke’s Human Tissue Laboratory and also directed the Anatomic Gifts Program. He recently established a Human Tissue Laboratory at Penn which opened in May 2011. The Human Tissue Laboratory acts as a teaching tool and a research facility benefiting students, residents and CME participants. Dr. Levin is also the head of the newly formed Penn Hand Transplant Program at Penn and in September 2011, he directed the team that performed a bi-lateral hand and arm transplant. As a committed educator, Dr. Levin has been recognized for his commitment to teaching, winning the 2007 Master Clinician/Teacher Award for his accomplishments in both clinical care and education.
Widely published, with more than 244 peer reviewed journal articles, 69+ book chapters and seven books, Dr. Levin also actively participates in senior leadership activities of many international and national professional societies and associations including serving as Chairman of the American College of Surgeons’ Advisory Council for Orthopaedic Surgery, REGENTS (ACS), President of the World Society of Reconstructive Microsurgery, past President of the American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery, member at large of the American Society of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeons, past President of the American Society for Reconstructive Transplantation and member of the board of directors of the American Board of Plastic Surgery. In addition, Dr. Levin has been honored as a North American Traveling Fellow as well as the American British Canadian Travelling fellow by the American Orthopedic Association and the Sterling Bunnell Traveling Fellowship by the American Society for Surgery of the Hand. He has served as the Orthopaedic Trauma Association’s Landstuhl Scholar, caring for our war injured soldiers in Germany.
Dr. Levin is responsible for developing the field of “Orthoplastic Surgery.”
  
 Education and Training   Medical SchoolMD - Temple University School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA
InternshipGeneral and Thoracic Surgery - Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC
ResidencyGeneral and Thoracic Surgery - Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC
	Orthopaedic Surgery - Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC (Chief Resident)
	Plastic, Reconstructive, Maxillofacial and Oral Surgery - Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC (Chief Resident)
FellowshipHand and Microvascular - Christine Kleinert Institute, Louisville, KY
	Hand - Duke University Orthopaedic, Durham, NC
Board CertificationHand SurgeryOrthopaedicsPlastic and Reconstructive Surgery  
 Titles and Academic Titles   Director, Hand Transplantation ProgramDirector, Vascularized Composite Tissue Allotransplant ProgramDirector, Penn Human Tissue LaboratoryAttending SurgeonPaul B. Magnuson Professor of Bone and Joint Surgery, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania
	Professor of Surgery, Division of Plastic Surgery, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania
  
 Conditions Treated    Avascular NecrosisSequelae (Consequence) of Pediatric Hip Disease   
 Departments and Services   Brachial Plexus Injury ProgramDivision of OrthopaedicsHand Transplantation Program  
 Publications   Papers2017
Silvestre J, Lin IC, Levin LS, Chang B. Variability in resident operative hand experience by specialty. J Surg Educ. 2017 Jul - Aug;74(4):650-655.
Clement RC, Gray CM, Kheir MM, Derman PB, Speck RM, Levin LS, Fleisher LA. Will Medicare readmission penalties motivate hospitals to reduce arthroplasty readmissions? Journal of Arthroplasy. 2017 Mar;32(3):709-713. 
Momeni A, Lanni MA, Tecce MG, Levin LS, Kovach SJ. Does the use of vein grafts increase complication rates in posttraumatic microsurgical lower extremity reconstruction? - A matched-pair analysis. J Reconstructive Microsurgery. 2017 Jun 28.
Momeni A, Lanni M, Levin LS, Kovach SJ. Microsurgical reconstruction of traumatic lower extremity defects in the pediatric population. Journal of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery. 2017 Apr;139(4):998-1004.
Ligh CA, Nelson JA, Fischer JP, Kovach SJ, Levin LS. The effectiveness of free vascularized fibular flaps in osteonecrosis of the femoral head and neck: A systematic review. Journal of Reconstructive Microsurgery. 2017 Mar;33(3):163-172.
Levin LS, Rozell JC, Pulos N. Distal radius fractures in the elderly. Journal of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons. March 2017.
Roberts SE, Thibaudeau S, Burrell JC, Zager EL, Cullen DK, Levin LS. To Reverse or Not to Reverse? A Systematic Review of Autograft Polarity on Functional Outcomes following Peripheral Nerve Repair Surgery. Microsurgery. 2017 Feb;37(2):169-174.
Cho EH, Bauder AR, Centkowski S, Shammas RL, Mundy L, Kovach SJ, Levin LS, Hollenbeck ST. Preoperative platelet count predicts lower extremity free flap thrombosis: A multi-institutional experience. Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery 139(1): 220-230. January 2017.
Silvestre J, Ahn J, Levin LS: National Institutes of Health Funding to Departments of Orthopaedic Surgery at U.S. Medical Schools. Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery, 99(2):182. January 2017.
Zimmer ZR, Horneff JG, Taylor RM, Levin LS, Kovach S, Mehta S. Evaluation and treatment of open distal humeral fractures. Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery Reviews. 5(1): e1, 2017.
2016
Gu C, Liu F, Guo Z, Luo X, Zhou X, Yan J, Levin LS. Triptolide reduces the required dose of tacrolimus by attenuating inflammation, enhancing immunosuppression, and increasing donor chimerism in a htereotopic hindlimb transplantation model. Journal of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery 138(6): 1243-1253. December 2016.
Kazmers N, Thibaudeau S, Steinberger Z, Levin LS. Upper and lower extremity reconstructive applications utilizing free flaps from the medial genicular arterial system: a systematic review. Microsurgery. 2016 Dec 27.
Momeni A, Chang B, Levin LS. Technology and vascularized composite allotransplantation (VCA) lessons learned from the first bilateral pediatric hand transplant. J Mater Sci Mater Med. 2016 Nov;27(11):161.
Galvez JA, Gralewski K, McAndrew C, Rehman MA, Chang B, Levin LS: Assessment and planning for a pediatric bilateral hand transplant using 3-dimensional modeling. 2016 Mar;41(3):341-3.
Gurnaney HG, Fladjoe JE, Levin LS, Chang B, Delvalle H, Galvez J, Rehman M. Anesthetic management of the first pediatric hand transplant. Canadian Journal of Anesthesia. 2016 Jun;63(6):731-6.
2015
Yannascoli SM, Thibaudeau S, Levin LS: Management of Soft Tissue Defects of the Hand. Journal of Hand Surgery Elsevier, Inc. 40: 1237-1244, June 2015.
Fan Kenneth L, Patel Ketan M, Mardini Samir, Attinger Christopher, Levin L Scott, Evans Karen K: Evidence to support controversy in microsurgery. Plastic and reconstructive surgery 135(3): 595e-608e, Mar 2015.
Tang Juyu, Zhu Hainan, Luo Xusong, Li Qinfeng, Levin L Scott, Tintle Lcdr Scott M: A vascularized elbow allotransplantation model in the rat. J Shoulder Elbow Surg. 2015 May;24(5):779-86. doi: 10.1016/j.jse.2015.01.006. Epub 2015 Mar 19. 
Cho Eugenia H, Garcia Ryan M, Pien Irene, Kuchibhatla Maragatha, Levinson Howard, Erdmann Detlev, Levin L Scott, Hollenbeck Scott T: Vascular considerations in foot and ankle free tissue transfer: Analysis of 231 free flaps. Microsurgery Mar 2015. 
Nelson Jonas A, Fischer John P, Grover Ritwik, Kovach Stephen J, Low David W, Kanchwala Suhail K, Levin L Scott, Serletti Joseph M, Wu Liza C: Vein grafting your way out of trouble: Examining the utility and efficacy of vein grafts in microsurgery. Journal of plastic, reconstructive & aesthetic surgery : JPRAS Feb 2015. 
Luo Xusong, Liu Fei, Wang Xi, Yang Qun, Wang Shoubao, Zhou Xianyu, Qian Yunliang, Yang Jun, Levin Lawrence Scott: Region-oriented and staged treatment strategy in reconstruction of severe cervical contracture. PloS one 10(4): e0122669, 2015.
2014
Tintle S, Potter BK, Elliott RM, Levin LS: Hand Transplant. Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery, Vol. 2, No. 1. January 2014.
Cleveland EC, Fischer JP, Nelson JA, Wink JD, Levin LS, Kovach SJ: Free Flap Lower Extremity Reconstruction in the Obese Populations: Does Weight Matter? Journal of Reconstructive Microsurgery, Vol. 30, No. 4, pgs. 263270. May 2014.
Cho EH, Garcia R, Pien I, Thomas S, Levin LS, Hollenbeck ST: An Algorithmic Approach for Managing Orthopaedic Surgical Wounds of the Foot and Ankle. Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research, Vol. 473, No. 6, pgs. 1991-1929. June 2014.
2013
Su W, Lu L, Lazzeri D, Zhang YX, Wang D, Innocenti MD, Qian Y, Agostini T, Levin LS Messmer C: Contrast Enhanced Ultrasound Combined with Three Dimensional Reconstructions in Preoperative Perforator Flap Planning. Journal of Plastic Reconstructive Surgery, Vol. 131, No. 1, pgs. 80-93. Jan. 2013.
Liu F, Xusong L, Shenghui I, Zhang X, Wang S, Kanchwala S, Yang J, Levin LS: Immunosuppression with a Combination of Triptolide and Cyclosporin A in Rat Vascularized Groin Flap Allotransplantation. Journal of Plastic Reconstruction Surgery, Vol 131, No 3, 343e, March 2013.
Levin LS, Shaked A, et.al: Perioperative Management of a Patient Scheduled for Bilateral Hand Transplant. Journal of Clinical Anesthesia, Vol. 25(3):224-227. March 2013.
Tintle SM and Levin LS: The Reconstructive Microsurgery Ladder in Orthopaedics. Injury International Journal of the Care for the Injured, Vol. 44, Issue 3, pgs. 376-385. March 2013.
Zhang YX, Qian Y, PU Z, Ong YS, Messmer C, Li Q, Agostini T, Erdmann D, Levin LS, Lazzeri D: Reverse Bipaddle Posterior Interosseous Artery Perforator Flap. Journal of Plastic Reconstructive Surgery, Vol. 131, No 4, 552e. April 2013.
Baccarani A, Follmar KE, Erdmann D, Levin LS: Face Transplantation Surgical Options and Open Problems in Cadaveric Models: A Review Article. Microsurgery, Vol. 33, No. 3, pgs. 239-246. April 2013.
Ehanire TE, Blanton MW, Levin LS, Levinson H: Osteocutaneous Defects of the Clavicle: Two Case Reports, Analysis of the Literature, and a Novel Management Algorithm. Journal of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgery, Vol. 66, Issue 5, pgs. 593-600, April 2013.
Zhang YX, Messmer C, Pang FK, Ong YS, Feng SQ, Qian Y, Spinelli G, Agostini T, Levin LS, Lazeri D: A Novel Design of the Multilobed Latissimus Dorsi Myocutaneous Flap to Achieve Primary Donor-site Closure in the Reconstruction of Large Defects. Journal of Plastic Reconstructive Surgery, Vol. 131, No. 5, 752e, May 2013.
Zhang YX, Yongjie H, Messmer C, Ong YS, Zan L, Zhou X, Spinelli G. Agostini T, Levin LS, Lazzeri D: Thoracoacromial Artery Perforator Flap: Anatomical Basis and Clinical Applications. Journal of Plastic Reconstructive Surgery. Journal of Plastic Reconstructive Surgery, Vol. 131, No. 5, 759e, May 2013.
Komatsu I, Yang J, Zhang Y, Levin LS, Erdmann D, Klitzman B, Hollenbeck ST: Interstitial Engraftment of Adipose-derived Stem Cells into an Acellular Dermal Matrix Results in Improved Inward Angiogenesis and Tissue Incorporation. Journal of Biomedical Materials Research Part A;http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jbm.a.34582/abstract
Levin LS and Gustave L: Aligning Incentives in Health Care: Physician Practice and Health System Partnership. Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research, Vol. 471, Issue 6, pgs. 1824-1831, June 2013.
Haddock NT, Wapner KL, Levin LS: Pedicle and Free Vascularized Bone Transfers to the Foot and Ankle. Techniques in Foot and Ankle Surgery, Vol. 12, No. 2, pgs. 74-78, June, 2013.
Tintle SM, Kovach SJ, Levin LS: Free Tissue Transfer to the Foot and Ankle: Perforator Flaps. Techniques in Foot and Ankle Surgery, Vol. 12, No. 2, pgs. 79-86, June, 2013.
Levin LS: Soft Tissue Coverage in Foot and Ankle Surgery -Guest Editorial. Techniques in Foot and Ankle Surgery, Vol. 12, No 2, pgs. 56-57. June 2013.
Levin LS: Discussion: Known Preoperative Deep Venous Thrombosis and/or Pulmonary Embolus: to Flap or Not to Flap the Severely Injured Extremity? Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Vol. 132, No. 1. July 2013.
Fischer J, Nelson J, Kovach S, Levin LS, Wu L, Cleveland E, Serletti J: A Retrospective Review of Outcomes and flap Selection in Free Tissue Transfers for Complex Lower Extremity Reconstruction. Journal of Reconstructive Microsurgery, Vol. 29(6):407-416. July 2013.
Erdmann D, Garcia R, Blueschke G, Brigman BE, Levin LS: Vascularized Fibula based Physis Transfer for Pediatric Proximal Humerus Reconstruction. Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Vol. 132, No. 2. August 2013.
Haddock NT, Wapner K, Levin LS: Vascular Bone Transfer Options in the Foot and Ankle: A Retrospective Review and Update on Strategies. Journal of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Vol. 132, No. 3, pgs. 685-693. September 2013.
Zelenski N, Brigman B, Levin LS, Erdmann D, Eward W: The Vascularized Fibular Graft in the Pediatric Upper Extremity: A Durable, Biological Solution to Large Oncologic Defects. Sarcoma, Vol. 2013, Article ID 321201. October 2013.
Haddock NT, Alosh H, Easley ME, Levin LS, Wapner K: Applications of the Medial Femoral Condyle Free Flap for Foot and Ankle Reconstruction. The Journal of Foot and Ankle International, Vol. 34, No. 10, pgs. 1395-1402. October 2013.
Levin LS: The American Society for Surgery of the Hand Council: ASSH Position Statement on Hand Transplantation 2013. The Journal of Hand Surgery, Vol. 38A, No. 11, pgs. 2234-2235. November 2013.
Fischer, JP, Elliott, RM, Kozin, SH, Levin LS: Free Function Muscle Transfer for Upper Extremity Reconstruction: A Review of Indications, Techniques, and Outcomes. Journal of Hand Surgery, Vol. 38A, No. 12, pgs 2485-2490. December, 2013.
Haddock NT, Chang B, Bozentka DJ, Steinberg DR, Levin LS: Technical Implications in Proximal Forearm Transplantation. Techniques in Hand and Upper Extremity Surgery, Vol. 17(4): 228-231. December 2013.
2012
Elliott RM, Baldwin KD, Foroohar A, Levin LS: The Impact of Residency and Fellowship Training on the Practice of Microsurgery by Members of the American Society for Surgery of the Hand. Annals of Plastic Surgery, 2012).
Ravindra K, Haeberle M, Levin LS, Ildstad ST: Immunology of Vascularized Composite Allotransplantation: A Primer for Hand Surgeons. Journal of Hand Surgery, Vol. 37A (4): 842-850, April 2012.
Muschler G, Valerio I, Levin LS, Siemionow M, Lowenberg D, Tribble D, Gordon W: Extremity War Injuries VII Reconstruction Panel. Journal of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgery, Vol. 20, Suppl., 574-579. August 2012.
	Scolaro JA, Namdari S, Levin LS: The Value of an Annual Educational Retreat in the Orthopaedic Residency Training Program. Journal of Surgical Education, Jan/Feb 2013, Vol. 70(1).
Anakwenze OA, Milby AH, Gans I, Stern JJ, Levin LS, Wapner KL: Foot and Ankle Infections: Diagnosis and Management. Journal of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, Vol. 20, No 11, pgs. 684-693 Oct. 2012.
Levin LS & Arlet V: Expert’s Comment Concerning Grand Rounds Case entitled “Staged Corrective Surgery for Complex Adolescent Kyphoscoliosis Caused by Back Scalding During the Childhood Period. European Spine Journal, Springer-Verlag Nov. 4, 2012.
Abstracts2016
Erdmann D, Eward W, Brigman B, Levin LS. Upper extremity reconstruction after sarcoma resection. 57th Congress of the Deutschen Gesellschaft fur Handchirurgie/American Association for Hand Surgery, Frankfurt, Germany. September 22-24, 2016.
Cendales L, Levine M, Barlett S, Cheeseman J, Drachenberg C, Hancock W, Joshi M, Kirk AD, Leoopardi F, Levin LS, Uluer M, Selim A, Song M, Twaddell W, Wang Z, Barth R. Skin as a Harbinger of Rejection of Underlying Structures in Vascularized Composite Allografts: Concordance or Discordance? American Transplant Congress, Boston, MA. June 2016.
Thibaudeau S, Gerety P, Kazmers N, Levin LS. The versatility fo the medical femoral condyle flap: One surgeon’s experience. American Association of Plastic Surgeons and Plastic Surgery Countcil Joint Meeting, New York, NY. May 19-22, 2016.
2015
Wang L, Samanta A, Huang J, Bhatti TR, Han R, Wang Z, Levin LS, Levine M, Hancock W. Clinically relevant anti-TCR mAb induction plus brief rapamycin therapy can achieve long-term vascularized composite allograft (VCA) survival. 2015 American Transplant Congress. May 5, 2015.
Wang L, Samanta A, Huang J, Bhatti TR, Han R, Wang Z, Levin LS, Levine M, Hancock W. Peritransplant costimulation blockade and rapamycin therapy induces permanent limb allograft survival. 2015 American Transplant Congress. May 5, 2015.
Wang L, Huang J, Han R, Bhatti TR, Wang Z, Levin LS, Levine MH, Hancock WW. Use of a Clinically Relevant T Cell Depletion Strategy (Anti-TCR mAb) to Promote Long-Term Hindlim Vascularized Composite Allograft (VCA) Survival. 17th Congress of the International Hand and Composite Tissue Allotransplantation Society. Philadelphia, PA. April 17, 2015.
Wang L, Huang J, Han R, Bhatti TR, Wang Z, Levin LS, Levine MH, Hancock WW. Brief Peri-transplant Therapy with CD40L, Donor Splenocyte Transfusion (DST) and Rapamycin (RPM) Causes Long-Term Hindlimb Vascularized Composite Allograft (VCA) Survival without a Need for Maintenance Immunosuppression. 17th Congress of the International Hand and Composite Tissue Allotransplantation Society. Philadelphia, PA. April 17, 2015.
Clement RC, Soo AE, Kheir MM, Derman PB, Flynn DN, Levin LS, Fleisher L: What Incentives are Created by Medicare Payments for Total Knee Arthroplasty? American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons. March 2015 Notes: Accepted for presentation at the AAOS Annual Meeting, Las Vegas, NV. 
2014
Levin LS, et.al: Are there Identifiable Risk Factors or Causes Associated with Unplanned Readmission Following TKA? (Accepted for presentation at the AAOS Annual Meeting, New Orleans, LA. (March 13, 2014).
2013
Schenker, ML, Baldwin, KD, Israelite, C, Levin, LS, Mehta, S, Ahn, J: Making the Right Match: A Semi-Structured Interview for Orthopaedic Resident Selection. 126 Annual Meeting of the American Orthopaedic Association. June 12-15, 2013.
BooksHand Transplantation. Techniques in Hand and Upper Extremity. 2014.
Soft Tissue Reconstruction. Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research. 2014.
Sports Injuries-Traumatic Injuries of the Hand and Wrist. Editors: Steinberg DR, Tintle S, Bozentka DR, Levin LS. (Accepted for publication in Springer 2014).
Soft Tissue Coverage in Foot and Ankle Surgery. Guest Editorial: Levin LS. Techniques in Foot and Ankle Surgery, Vol. 12, No 2, pgs. 56-57. June 2013.
Hand Surgery Worldwide. Editors: Urbaniak JR, Levin LS, Baek G, Soucacos P. Springer. Konstantaras Medical Publications, 2011.
Complications in Orthopaedics, Complications of open fractures. AAOS. Editor: Levin LS (2009).
Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research. Medico legal issues: Guest Editor: Levin LS. Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. April 2005.
Decision Making in Reconstructive Surgery: Upper Extremity, Gunter, G, Sherman R, Levin LS. Springer Verlag. 1999.
Atlas of the Hand Clinics. Local Flap Coverage about the Hand. Guest Editors: L.S. Levin, G. Germann. W.B. Saunders Company. 1998.
Georgiade’s Essentials of Plastic Surgery. Editors: Georgiade G, Georgiade N, Riefkohl R and Levin LS. Williams and Wilkins. 1996.
Techniques in Orthopaedics. Soft-Tissue Principles for Orthopaedic Surgeons. Issue, Editor: L. Scott Levin, Vol. 10 No. 2. Lippincott-Raven. 1995.
The Wrist. Problems in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery. Guest Editor: L.S. Levin, J. B. Lippincott Company. 1992.
Chapters
2016
Momeni A, Kovach SJ, Levin LS. Skeletal Reconstruction. Plastic Surgery 4th Edition. Elsevier Ltd, editors: Peter Nelligan, David Song, 2016.
Bibbo C, Kovach SH, Levin LS: Limb Salvage Techniques Following Failed Total Ankle Replacement. Primary and Revision Total Ankle Replacement, Evidence-Based Surgical Management. Roukis TS, Berlet GC, Bibbo C, Hyer CF, Penner MJ, Wunschel M, Prissel MA (Eds.) Chapter 35, pp. 407 413. Springer, 2016.
2015
Tintle SM, Steinberg DR, Bozentka DJ, Levin LS: Common Soft Tissue Injuries of the Hand. Sports Injuries: Prevention, Diagnosis, Treatment and Rehabilitation. Doral MN, Karlsson J (Eds.), Chapter 50, pp. 641-652. Springer 2015.
Advanced Reconstruction, Foot and Ankle 2. Editors: Alexander IJ, Bluman EM, Greisberg JK. Haddock NT, Levin LS, Bluman EM, Wapner KL. Ankle Fusion in the Setting of Bone Loss. Section 4, Chapter 27. American Orthopaedic Foot & Ankle Society/AAOS, 2015.
Lowenberg DW, Watson JT, Levin LS: Advances in Understanding and Treatment of Musculoskeletal Infections. Instructional Course Lectures. Section 1, Chapter 4. American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, 2015.
Levin LS. Rotational and Pedicle Flaps for Coverage of Distal Upper Extremity Injuries. Operative Techniques in Orthopaedic Surgery, Chapter 103. Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, 2015.
Ala O, Johnson TS, Levin LS: Wrist Pathology. Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery: Approaches and Techniques, First Edition. Chapter 62. John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. June 2015.
2014
Sports Injuries-Traumatic Athletic Injuries of the Hand and Wrist. Editors: Tintle S, Steinberg DR, Bozentka DR, Levin LS. Springer, 2014.
2013
Tahernia, AH and Levin LS: Lower Extremity Reconstruction. Current Reconstructive Surgery. Chapter 63, pgs. 749-761. 2013, Serletti, et al.
Kovach, SJ and Levin LS: Skeletal Reconstruction. Plastic Surgery 3rd Edition Lower Extremity, Trunk and Burns. Vol 4, Chapter 7, pgs 174-188, 2013. Elsevier/Saunders. ISBN: 987-1-4557-1055-3.
Levin LS: Orthoplastic Surgery. Textbook on Orthopaedic Surgery by Hirase, January 2013.
The Trauma Manual: Trauma and Acute Care Surgery (Fourth Edition). Peitzman, AB, Rhodes, M, Schwab, CW, Yealy, DM, Fabian, TC. Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, 2013. (Contributor)
2011
Levin LS and Kovach S: Vascular Bone Transfers. Plastic Surgery 3rd Edition, by Neligan, PC. (2011).
Germann G, Biedermann, N, Levin LS: Intrinsic Flaps in the Hand. Functional Hand Reconstruction, Clinics in Plastic Surgery. Vol. 38, No 4, Pgs 729-738, October 2011.
2010
Walsh MD, Murray JC, Levin LS, Levinson H: Surgical Excision, Radiotherapy, and Intralesional Steroids. Surgical Techniques for Cutaneous Scar Revision, (2010).
Levin LS, Boyer MI, Bozentka DJ, Pill SG, Azari KK, Castillo N, Gupta A: Skin and Soft Tissue. ASSH Manual of Hand Surgery, May, 2010, pgs 393-424.
Levin LS, Wittstein JR, Moorman CT: “Chronic Exertional Compartment Syndrome” Operative Techniques in Orthopaedic Surgery, Chapter 55, July 2010.
Walsh MD, Murray JC, Levin LS, Levinson H: Surgical Excision, Radiotherapy and Intralesional Steroids.” Surgical Techniques for Cutaneous Scar Revision. Harahap, M, Editor, 2010.
Coan BS, Levin LS: Compartment Syndrome and Ischemic Contracture in the Upper Extremity. Plastic Surgery Secrets Plus. Weinzweig, Second Edition, Pgs. 876-879. Mosby Editor, (2010).
Walsh M, Zenn M, Levin LS: Trunk Reconstruction. Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, 2010. Edited by M Siemionow.
2009
Levin LS: In Their Own Words - The Magic of this Place. Reconstructive Microsurgery at Duke, Duke Microsurgery Program, (2009).
Lewis G, McCllellan W, Richard M, Levin LS: Rotational Pedicle Flaps for Coverage of the Distal Upper Extremity Injuries. Operative Techniques in Orthopaedic Surgery. (2009).
Levin LS, Baumeister S, “Atlas of Flaps and Microsurgical Techniques”. Lower Extremity, Chapter 7, Pgs. 63-70, 2009. Editor: Fu-Chan Wei and Samir Mardini.
2008
Richard M, Lewis G, Levin LS: “Revascularization and Replantation of the Digits” Operative Techniques in Orthopaedic Surgery. (Submitted).
Baumeister S, Levinson H, Zenn M, Levin LS: “Extremity Reconstruction” Principles of Cancer Reconstructive Surgery. Springer. Chapter 11, pp.190-214. 2008.
Levin LS, Baccarani A: “Flap Coverage for the Foot” Soft Tissue Surgery. Master Techniques in Orthopaedic Surgery. Chapter 34, pp. 431-448. 2008.
Tahernia A, Levin LS: “Reconstruction of the Lower Extremity” General Reconstructive Plastic Surgery. Evans et al. Chapter 5, pp. 47-58. 2008.
Walsh M, Levin LS: “Composite free tissue transfer/toe to hand”. Flap Reconstruction of the Upper Extremity: A Master Skills Publication. (ASSH).
Walsh M, Levin LS: “Gracilis Free Flap” Flap Reconstruction of the Upper Extremity: A Master Skills Publication. (ASSH).
Levin LS: “Vascularized Bone Grafting”. AO Manual of soft-tissue management in orthopaedic trauma, 1st edition. (AO Foundation Publishing - Submitted).
Isaacs J, Levin LS: Pedicled and Free Tissue Transfer for the Treatment of Recalcitrant Neuralgia Upper Extremity Nerve Repair – Tips and Techniques: A Master Skills Publication, Editor: Slutsky. Chapter 40,pp. 509-520. 2008.
2007
McClellan W, Levin LS: “Wound Bed Preparation Prior to Flap Coverage” Surgical Wound Healing and Management. Chapter 9, pp. 83-90. 2007.
Kovach S, Levin LS: “Treatment of Recalcitrant Venous Ulcers with Free Tissue Transfer for Limb Salvage” VENOUS ULCERS John Bergan & Cynthia K. Shortell Editors. Section IV: Special Topics. Chapter 19, pp. 261-274. 2007.
Moyer K, Levin LS: “Free Tissue Reconstruction” The Achilles Tendon: Treatment and Rehabilitation. Springer. Editor: Nunley. 2007.
2006
Levin LS: “Orthoplastic Reconstructive of the Arms and Legs. Tissue Surgery: Orthoplastic Reconstructive Surgery. Editor: Maria Siemionow, Eva Senior-Springer Verlag. Pg. 1-11, 2006.
Heller L, Levin LS: “Bone and Soft Tissue Reconstruction” Rockwood and Green’s Fractures in Adults., Heckman and Bucholz, Editors, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Volume 2, pg. 497-548, 2006.
Heitmann C, Levin LS: “Acute Infections of the Upper Extremity”. Current Therapy in Plastic Surgery. Editor: McCarthy, Galiano, Boutros (In Press, 2006).
Levin LS, Baumeister S: “Head and Neck Reconstruction”. First Exposure in Surgery. S. McGraw-Hill. Chapter 17, pp.341-367. 2006.
Levin LS, Baumeister S: “The Operating Room” First Exposure in Surgery. McGraw-Hill. Chapter 5, pp. 85-90. 2006.
Tahernia A, Levin LS: “Current Concept in Lower Extremity Reconstruction” Current Concepts of Reconstructive Surgery. Serletti et al. 2006.
2004
Katz M, Levin LS, Goldner, RD, Urbaniak JR.: “Microvascular Hand Surgery” Review of Hand Surgery, Beredjiklian and Bozentka (Eds.) Saunders, Philadelphia, PP 156-170, 2004.
Levin LS: “Management of Postoperative Wound Complications” Advanced Reconstruction Foot and Ankle, Nunley, Pfeffer, Sanders, Trepman (Editors) Section 7, pg. 355-361. 2004.
Heaps RJ, Levin LS: Hand Fractures. Principles and Practice of Orthopaedic Sports Medicine. Garrett, Speer and Kirkendall Editors, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, 2004.
2003
Heitmann C, Levin LS: Lower Extremity Reconstruction. Seminars in Plastic Surgery. Volume 17, Number 1, 2003.
Heitmann C, Levin LS: Pedicled muscle and musculo-cutaneous flaps. In Masquelet AC, Castanheira A (editors) Severe and Traumatic Defects in the Upper Limb, Published 2003.
Harvey E, Levin LS: Principles of open hand injuries. Oxford Textbook of Orthopaedics and Trauma, Oxford University.2003.
2002
Zenn MR, Levin LS: Microvascular Reconstruction of the Lower Extremity. Seminars in Surgical Oncology 2000. Wiley-Liss, Inc. Published 2002.
Levin LS, Moorman G, Heller L: Management of skin grafts and Flaps. Fifth Edition, Hunter-Mackin-Callahan Rehabilitation of the Hand and Upper Extremity. Mackin, Callahan, Osterman, Skirven, Schneider Editors, Mosby. Published 2002.
Levin LS, Harvey E: Reconstructive Surgery: Skeletal Reconstruction. Second Edition, Plastic Surgery, Mathes and Hentz Editors, W.B. Saunders. 2002.
Levin LS, I Tumori Cutanei Della Mano. Chirurgia Della Mano 2nd Edition Italian. Terry R. Light, Ed. CIC Edizioni Internazionali – Roma 2002.
2000
Levin LS, Heller L: Bone and Soft Tissue Reconstruction. 5th Edition Rockwood and Green’s Fractures in Adults. Heckman and Bucholz, Editors, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Publishers 2000
Levin LS, Aponte R, Heller L: Free Tissue Transfer. Third Edition, Chapman’s Orthopaedic Surgery. Chapman, Editor, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Publishers, June 2000.
1999
Levin LS: Cutaneous Tumors of the Hand: Hand Surgery Update. American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, 1999, Chapter 35, pg. 359-368.
Levin LS: Biological reconstruction of pediatric bone tumors. The Growing Hand. Luis Schecker M.D., Editor, C.V. Mosby. 1999.
Levin LS: Guidelines for Soft tissue Coverage of Complex Foot and Ankle Injuries. Complex Foot & Ankle Trauma. Ed: Adelaar R. Lippincott-Raven, Philadelphia, Chapter 20, pp. 257-268. 1999.Jacobs LM, Levin LS: Soft Tissue Injuries. Emergency Care and Transportation of the Sick and Injured. American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, Seventh Edition , Jones and Bartlett Publishers, Massachusetts, Chapter 26, pg. 568-591.
Moore RS, Aponte R, Levin LS: Vascular Injuries of the Wrist and Hand. Orthopaedic Surgery: The Essentials. Ed: ME Baratz, AD Watson, JE Imbrigilia. Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc. New York, Chapter 30, 1999.
1998
Harvey E, Levin LS: Reconstruction after infection. Skeletal reconstruction. Friedlander And Ross, Editors, Arnold Publishers, England.
Maier, S, Levin LS: Reconstruction of Complex Soft Tissue Injuries about the Shoulder. W. B. Saunders 1998.
Levin LS: First aid for hand injuries: Occupational Medicine - Hand Injuries. Morton Kasdan, M.D., Editor. Hanley and Belfus, Inc. 1998. 2nd. Edition, Chapters 23, pp. 257-267.
Levin LS, Aponte R: The Use of Spare Parts in Surgery of the Hand. Atlas of the Hand Clinic. Guest Editor, W.B. Saunders Company, September 1998. pg. 235-252.
Levin LS, Aponte R: Tissue Expansion in the Upper Extremity. Atlas of the Hand Clinic , W..B. Saunders Company, September 1998. pg. 253-260.
Levin LS: First Aid for Hand Injuries. Occupational Hand and Upper Extremity Injuries and Diseases. Second Edition. Ed: Morton Kasdan. Hanley and Belful, Inc., Chapter 23, pg. 257-267, 1998.
Levin LS: Atlas of the Hand Clinics. Spare Parts Surgery. Local Flaps About the Hand. W.B. Saunders, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Vol. 3, No. 2, pp. 235-252. September 1998.
1997
Levin LS and Garrett WE: Fractures of the Tibia, Fibula, Ankle and Foot. Textbook of Surgery: The Biological Basis of Modern Surgical Practice. Fifteenth Edition. Ed: David C. Sabiston, Jr., M.D., W.B. Saunders, Chapter 42, pg. 1444-1452, 1997.
Levin LS: Reconstructive Plastic Surgery. Essentials of Surgery: Scientific Principles and Practice. Ed: Greenfield, LJ, Mulholland MW, Oldham KT, Zelenock GB, Lillemoe KD. Lippincott-Raven. Philadelphia. Chapter 109, pg. 798-802, 1997.
1996
Levin LS: Latissimus Dorsi Muscle-musculocutaneous Flap. Atlas of Microsurgical Composite Tissue Transplantation. Ed: Serafin D. J.B. Lippincott, XVI, 218-219, 1996.
Levin LS, Myers S: Cutaneous Tumors of the Hand. Surgery of the Hand and Upper Extremity. Ed:Peimer C, McGraw Hill, Vol. II, Chapter 101, pg. 2265-2284, 1996.
Levin LS: Reconstructive Plastic Surgery. Surgery: Scientific Principles and Practice of Surgery. Second Edition. Ed: Greenfield LJ, Mulholland M, Oldham KT, Zellenock GB, Lillemoe KD, Lippincott-Raven, Philadelphia. Chapter 114, pp. 2280-2289, 1996.
Levin LS: Muscle and musculocutaneous Flaps. Georgiade’s Essentials of Plastic Surgery...Ed: Gregory Georgiade, Nicholas Georgiade, Ron Riefkohl and L. Scott Levin. Williams and Wilkins, Baltimore. Chapter 85 pp. 932-939, 1996.
1995
Levin LS: Muscle and Omental Flaps for Mediastinitis. Atlas of Cardiothoracic Surgery. W.B. Saunders, Philadelphia. Section VII: 119-129, 1995. Levin LS, Barwick W: Scalp Injuries. Textbook of Neurosurgery. Ed: Robert Wilkins M.D., McGraw Hill, New York. (Vol 2): 2727-2737, 1995. 
1994
Levin LS: Fractures and Dislocations. Sabiston Essentials of Surgery, Second Edition. Ed: David C. Sabiston, Jr., M.D. and H. Kim Lyerly, M.D. W.B. Saunders Co. 41: 497-516, 1994.
Levin LS: The Skin. Sabiston Essentials of Surgery, Second Edition. Ed: David C. Sabiston, Jr., M.D. and H. Kim Lyerly, M.D. W.B. Saunders Co. 42: 517-519, 1994.
1992
Levin LS, Pederson WC, Barwick WJ: Muscle and Musculocutaneous Flap: Textbook of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Ed: Georgiade G, Georgiade N, Riefkohl R, Barwick W. Williams and Wilkins, Baltimore, 1992.
1991
Garrett WE, Levin LS: Fractures of the Tibia, Fibula, Ankle and Foot. Fourteenth Edition, Textbook of Surgery, Chapter VII, pg. 1337-1344, 1991.
Levin LS: First Aid for Hand Injuries in Occupational Injuries and Diseases of the Upper Extremity. Ed: Kasdan Morton. Hanley and Belfus, Inc., Philadelphia Pg. 131-142, 1991.
1989
Levin LS: Replantation. Handbook of Surgical Intensive Care: Practices of the Surgery Residents at the Duke University Medical Center. Second Edition. Surgical Residents, Duke University Medical Center, Chicago, Yearbook Medical Publishers, Chapter 12, Sect. 7, pp. 665-672, 1989.
1985
Levin LS: Experience and Observations of the Hiroshima University Department of Orthopaedics, Summer, 1997. In a special issue in commemoration of the retirement of Kenya Tsuge, Hiroshima University Press, 1985.
Posters and Presentations2016
Levin LS. Faculty. Symposium on Orthoplastic Lower Extremity Reconstruction, Principles, Techniques, Applications and Live Surgery. Asan Medical Center, Seoul, Korea. December 15-17, 2016.
Levin LS. Mercian S&T Lecture: Orthoplastic extremity reconstruction – Replantation to transplantation and the legacy of Gillies. Winter Scientific Meeting, British Association of Plastic Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons, London, UK. November 23-25, 2016.
Levin LS. The evolution of orthoplastics. Winter Scientific Meeting, British Association of Plastic Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons, London, UK. November 23-25, 2016.
Levin LS. Allotransplantation of the arm: Perspectives and outcome of a personal experience. International Master Symposium on Frontiers, Controversies and Reconstructive and Regenerative Surgery. University Hospital Basel, Basel, Switzerland. November 11-12, 2016.
Levin LS. Speed Round: Update of all Active International Centers. VCA: Hand, Face and Beyond. American Society for Reconstructive Transplantation, Drake Hotel, Chicago, IL. November 3-5, 2016.
Levin LS. New Ways to Approach VCA: Lessons learned from Industry. VCA: Hand, Face and Beyond. American Society for Reconstructive Transplantation, Drake Hotel, Chicago, IL. November 3-5, 2016.
Levin LS. VCA Controversies - Pediatric Tranplantation. VCA: Hand, Face and Beyond. American Society for Reconstructive Transplantation, Drake Hotel, Chicago, IL. November 3-5, 2016.
Levin LS. Scaphoid reconstruction with the medial femoral condyle graft. Duke Hand Club 2016 Meeting, Patagonia, Argentina. November 2, 2016.
Levin LS. Best Free Flaps and Tissue Transfers for the Upper Extremity. International Federation of Societies for Surgery of the Hand, 2016 Triennial Congress, Buenos Aires, Argentina. October 24 – 28, 2016.
Levin LS. Hand allotransplanation Update. Mayo Clinic/Chang Gung Symposium in Reconstructive Surgery, Munich, Germany. Live videoconference. October 19, 2016.
Levin LS. Microvascular salvage of the diabetic foot. American College of Surgeons 102nd Clinical Congress, Washington, DC. October 16 – 20, 2016.
Levin LS. Mangled Extremity Evaluation and Management. Mini Symposium. 2016 Orthopaedic Trauma Assocation Annual Meeting, Gaylord National Harbor, MD. October 5-8, 2016.
Levin LS. Vascularized Fibula (demo). 71st American Society for Surgery of the Hand Annual Meeting, Austin, TX. September 26 – October 1, 2016.
Levin LS. The Reconstructive Ladder. 71st American Society for Surgery of the Hand Annual Meeting, Austin, TX. September 26 – October 1, 2016.
Levin LS. Medial Femoral Corticoperiosteal Flap - Contemporary Perspectives in Advances in Vascularized Bone and Joint Transfer. 71st American Society for Surgery of the Hand Annual Meeting, Austin, TX. September 26 – October 1, 2016.
Levin LS. From the ER to the OR: The Need for Centers of Excellence for Replantation. 71st American Society for Surgery of the Hand Annual Meeting, Austin, TX. September 26 – October 1, 2016.
Levin LS. Radial Forearm (anterograde and reverse) Flaps. 71st American Society for Surgery of the Hand Annual Meeting, Austin, TX. September 26 – October 1, 2016.
Levin LS. Orthoplastic Surgery: The Soft Tissue Reconstruction Ladder. 2016 SIGN International Orthopedic Conference, Richland, WA. September 24, 2016.
Levin LS. Bringing Coverage and Blood Supply Where Needed. Symposium XV: Infections and AVN. AOFAS Annual Meeting, Toronto, Canada. July 23, 2016.
Levin LS. Bringing Coverage and Blood Supply where Needed. American Orthopaedic Foot & Ankle Society Annual Meeting 2016, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. July 20 -23, 2016.
Levin LS. “Reconstruction of the Amputated Thumb and Fingers – Conclusion.” Federation of European Societies for Surgery of the Hand (FESSH) Santander 2016, Santander, Spain. June 22 – 25, 2016.
Levin LS. “Update on Allotransplantation.” Federation of European Societies for Surgery of the Hand (FESSH) Santander 2016, Santander, Spain. June 22 – 25, 2016.
Cendales L, Levine M, Bartlett S, Sheeseman J, Drachenberg C, Hancock W, Joshi M, Kirk AD, Leopardi F, Levin LS, Methmet C, Selim A. Song M, Twaddell W, Wang L, Wang Z, Barth R. Skin as a harbinger of rejection of underlying structures in VCA: Concordance or Discordance? American Transplant Congress, Boston, MA. June 11 - 15, 2016.
Gurnaney HG, Fladjoe JE, Levin LS, Chang B, Delvalle H, Galvez J, Rehmah M. Anesthetic management of the first pediatric hand transplant. Society for Pediatric Anesthesia, Colorado Springs, CO. April 1 -3, 2016.
Levin LS. “Ethics and Current Status of Hand Transplantation.” 2016 Combined Australian Hand Surgery Society and American Society for Surgery of the Hand Meeting, Sydney, Australia. March 29 – April 2, 2016.
Levin LS. “From Replantation to Transplantation – The Microsurgical Legacy of Bernard O’Brien.” The Bernie O’Brien Oration. 2016 Combined Australian Hand Surgery Society and American Society for Surgery of the Hand Meeting, Sydney, Australia. March 29 – April 2, 2016.
Levin LS. Nerve Reconstruction: Side-to-Side or You Decide (Panel) - Gunshot Wounds. 18th Annual Hand Surgery Symposium, Philadelphia Marriott Downtown Hotel, Philadelphia, PA. March 12 -14, 2016.
Levin LS. Open Fractures – Principles of Managment. 2016 American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, Orlando, FL. March 1 – 5, 2016.
Levin LS. The Way I See I…Hand transplantation. 2016 American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, Orlando, FL. March 1 – 5, 2016.
Levin LS. The Way I See It…Orthopaedists Changing the Game: Hand Transplantation. 2016 American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, Orlando, FL. March 1 – 5, 2016.
Clement RC, Soo A, Kheir MM, Derman P, Flynn DN, Levin LS, Fleisher LA. How will the Financial Incentive to Provide THA for High-risk Patients Change with Bundled Payments? 2016 American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, Orlando, FL. March 1 – 5, 2016.
Clement RC, Soo A, Kheir MM, Derman P, Flynn DN, Levin LS, Fleisher LA. How will the Financial Impact of Major Medical Complications after TKA Change with Bundled Payments? 2016 American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, Orlando, FL. March 1 – 5, 2016.
Clement RC, Soo A, Kheir MM, Derman P, Flynn DN, Levin LS, Fleisher LA. Medicare Payments for THA create a Financial Incentive Favoring Low-risk Patients. 2016 American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, Orlando, FL. March 1 – 5, 2016.
Silvestre J, Levin LS: Online Reviews of Hand Surgeons. Electronic poster. 2016 American Association of Hand Surgery Annual Meeting, Westin Kierland Hotel, Scottsdale, AZ. January 13 – 16, 2016.
2015
Levin LS. 2015 Weiland Medal Presentation. 70th Annual American Society for the Surgery of the Hand, Seattle, WA. September 8-12, 2015.
Del Pinal F, Sabapathy SR, Levin LS, Stevanovic MV (faculty). Acute and Secondary Reconstruction of the Mangled Hand. 70th Annual American Society for the Surgery of the Hand, Seattle, WA. September 8-12, 2015.
Levin LS. The Future is Now: Prosthetics versus Hand Transplantation for the Treatment of Upper Extremity Amputations - The Risks and Benefits of Hand Transplantation. 70th Annual American Society for the Surgery of the Hand, Seattle, WA. September 8-12, 2015.
Levin LS. Restoirng Function after Devastating Nerve Injuries – Free Muscle Transfers. 70th Annual American Society for the Surgery of the Hand, Seattle, WA. September 8-12, 2015.
Levin LS. The Power of One: Making a Difference in Our Political System – Working with Other Organizations for Advocacy, American College of Surgeons. 70th Annual American Society for the Surgery of the Hand, Seattle, WA. September 8-12, 2015.
Levin LS. Workhorse Upper Extremity Flaps – Radial forearm flap. 70th Annual American Society for the Surgery of the Hand, Seattle, WA. September 8-12, 2015.
Levin LS. The Complete Hand Surgeon: Flaps You Should Know After Fellowship – Lateral Arm Flap (demo). 70th Annual American Society for the Surgery of the Hand, Seattle, WA. September 8-12, 2015.
Levin LS. The Complete Hand Surgeon: Flaps You Should Know After Fellowship - Radial Forearm Flap, Posterior Interosseous Flap. 70th Annual American Society for the Surgery of the Hand, Seattle, WA. September 8-12, 2015.
Levin LS. The Complete Hand Surgeon: Flaps You Should Know After Fellowship - The Reconstructive Ladder. 70th Annual American Society for the Surgery of the Hand, Seattle, WA. September 8-12, 2015.
Levin LS. “Harvest of Medial Femoral Condyle Bone Flap for Scaphoid Non-Union.” Spring Scientific Meeting, British Society for the Surgery of the Hand. April 30 & May 1, 2015.
Levin LS. “Evolution of Microsurgical Bone Transplantation.” Spring Scientific Meeting, British Society for the Surgery of the Hand. April 30 & May 1, 2015.
Levin LS. “History of Upper Extremity Salvage Using Microsurgical Techniques.” Spring Scientific Meeting, British Society for the Surgery of the Hand. April 30 & May 1, 2015.
Thibaudeau S, Gerety P, Levin LS: An Algorithmic Approach to the Microsurgical Treatment of Chronic Ischemia of the Hand: A Review of the Literature and Survey of Treating Physicians. American Association of Plastic Surgeons, 94th Annual Meeting, Scottsdale, AZ. April 11 – 14, 2015.
Levin LS. Advances in Treatment and Understanding of Musculoskeletal Infections. American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, Las Vegas, NV. March 27, 2015.
Carter RC, McAuliffe C, Kheir MM, Derman P, Flynn DN, Speck R, Levin LS, Fleisher LA. What are the Economic Consequences of Unplanned Readmissions following Total Hip Arthroplasty? American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, Las Vegas, NV. March 26, 2015.
Carter RC, Kheir MM, Derman P, Speck R, Flynn DN, Levin LS, Fleisher LA. What Incentives Are Created by Medicare Payments for Total Knee Arthroplasty? American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, Las Vegas, NV. March 26, 2015.
Levin LS: “The Effectiveness of Free Vascularized Fibular Grafts in Osteonecrosis of the Femoral Head and Neck: A Systematic Review.” World Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery, Mumbai, India. March 19, 2015.
Levin LS. “Orthoplastic Surgery, A 25 Year Evolution.” Plastic Surgery at the Red Sea - An Aesthetic and Reconstructive International Symposium, Eilat, Israel. March 11–14, 2015.
Levin LS. Closing the Released Compartment. 17th Annual Hand Surgery Symposium, Breaking Bad – Upper Extremity Trauma in the Age of Obama. Philadelphia, PA. March 7-9, 2015.
Levin LS. The Mangled Hand. Alternatives to thumb replantation. 17th Annual Hand Surgery Symposium, Breaking Bad – Upper Extremity Trauma in the Age of Obama. Philadelphia, PA. March 7-9, 2015.
Levin LS. Kite Flap and the Homo Digital Flap. 17th Annual Hand Surgery Symposium, Breaking Bad – Upper Extremity Trauma in the Age of Obama. Philadelphia, PA. March 7-9, 2015.
Levin LS. Perspectives on Upper Extremity Trauma in the USA. 17th Annual Hand Surgery Symposium, Breaking Bad – Upper Extremity Trauma in the Age of Obama. Philadelphia, PA. March 7-9, 2015.
Levin LS. Hand Transplantation. 41st Annual Symposium Surgery and Rehabilitation of the Hand, Philadelphia, PA. March 7-10, 2015.
Levin LS. Advances in Wound Coverage. 41st Annual Symposium Surgery and Rehabilitation of the Hand, Philadelphia, PA. March 7-10, 2015.
Ligh CA, Nelson JA, Fischer JP, Kovach SJ, Levin LS: The Effectiveness of Free Vascularized Fibular Grafts in Osteonecrosis of the Femoral Head and Neck: A Systematic Review. American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery, Annual Meeting, Paradise Island, Bahamas. January 27, 2015.
Butala P, Cho J, Blau J, Levinson H, Erdmann D, Levin LS, Hollenbeck S: Platelet Count as a Predictor of Lower Extremity Free Flap Thrombosis: An Analysis of 416 Cases. American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery, 2015 Annual Meeting, Paradise Island, Bahamas. January 27, 2015.
Zhang Y, Zheng H, Lazzeri D, Levin LS: Revisiting the Vascular Anatomy of the Distal Anteromedial Thigh: The Feasibility of Quickly Locating the Distal Perforator of the Descending Genicular Artery. American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery, Annual Meeting, Paradise Island, Bahamas. January 26, 2015.
Tintle SM, Tang J, Levin LS: Vascularized Composite Elbow Transplantation in Rats. American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery, Annual Meeting, Paradise Island, Bahamas. January 25, 2015.
Zhang YX, Feng S, Su W, Li Z, Ong YS, Zenn MR, Levin LS: The Chest Perforator Flap: Proximal/Distal Internal Mammary Artery Perforator Flap (IMAPF) versus Thoracoacromial Artery Perforator Flap (TAAPF). American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery, Annual Meeting, Paradise Island, Bahamas. January 25, 2015.
Zhang YX, Li Z, Zhou X, Zheng H, Feng S, Zenn MR, Levin LS, Lazzeri D: A New Option with the Pedicle Thoracoacromial Artery Perforator Flap for Hypopharyngeal Reconstruction. American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery, Annual Meeting, Paradise Island, Bahamas. January 25, 2015.
2014
"The Orthoplastic Team Approach to Salvage of Infected Tibial Non-Unions with The Use of Free Vascularized Fibula Graft and Taylor Spatial Frame." SOMOS Scientific Program, Fairmont Scottsdale Princess Hotel, Scottsdale, AZ. December 2014
"A Vascularized Elbow Allotransplantation Model in The Rat." SOMOS Scientific Program, Fairmont Scottsdale Princess Hotel, Scottsdale, AZ. December 2014
Levin LS: Clinical Case Panel – Hand Transplant Outcomes and Future of VCA, SOMOS Meeting, Scottsdale, AZ. December 18, 2014.
Levin LS: "Prospective Evaluation of the Need for Critical Care Intervention after Total Joint Arthroplasty." Clinical Congress. Moscone Center, San Francisco, CA. October, 2014
Levin, LS: Update on Upper Extremity Transplantation. American College of Surgeons Meeting, Moscone Convention Center, San Francisco, CA. October 25-29, 2014.
Levin LS: Hand and Face Transplantation – The Future of Vascular Composite Allografts (VCA). Gift of Life Symposium, Sheraton Hotel, Philadelphia, PA. October 24, 2014.
Levin LS: Hand Transplantation- Anatomy Matters. American Society of Plastic Surgical Nurses Conventions. Westin River North Hotel, Chicago, IL. October, 13, 2014.
Levin LS: Short and Long Term Outcomes in VCA. World Transplant Congress Meeting, Moscone West Convention Center, San Francisco, CA. July 30, 2014.
Ahn A, Baldwin KD, Israelite C, Levin LS, Mehta S, Schenker ML: Selecting the Best and Brightest: A Systematic Approach to Orthopaedic Surgery Resident Selection. AOA/COA Combined Meeting Montreal, QC, Canada. June 18-21, 2014.
Levin LS: “Update on State of VCA Transplantation – Evaluation Instruments, Providers, Follow up Schedule and Summary of Psychiatric Outcomes.” The First Chauvet Workshop: Standardization of Optimization of Psychosocial Outcomes in Hand Transplantation. Paris (Novotel Eiffel), Paris, France. March 21-22, 2014.
Levin LS, Hollenbeck S, Mehta S, LoGiudice J: Panelists – Principles of Lower Extremity Reconstruction. World Society of Reconstructive Surgery Meeting. Grand Hyatt Kauai, Kauai, Hawaii. January 11-14, 2014.
Garcia RM, Cho J, Pien I, Hughes D, Levinson H, Erdmann D, Levin LS, Hollenbeck ST: Microvascular Consideration and Complications for 235 Foot and Ankle Free Flaps. World Society of Reconstructive Surgery Meeting. Grand Hyatt Kauai, Kauai, Hawaii. January 11-14, 2014.
Nelson JA, Fischer JP, Grover R, Low D, Kovach S, Kanchwala S, Serletti J, Levin LS: Interpositional Vein Grafts in Microsurgery: An Examination of Efficacy and Utility. World Society of Reconstructive Surgery Meeting. Grand Hyatt Kauai, Kauai, Hawaii. January 11-14, 2014.
Levin LS, Zen M, Friedman J, Buchel E: ASRM Panelist – How Will Microsurgerys Afford the Affordable Care Act? World Society of Reconstructive Surgery Meeting. Grand Hyatt Kauai, Kauai, Hawaii. January 11-14, 2014.
Levin LS: Clinical Research Projects and Results. Extremity War Injuries IX: Reducing Disability within the Military Symposium. American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons Annual, Orthopaedic Trauma Association, Society of Military Orthopaedic Surgeons and Orthopaedic Research Society. Park Hyatt Hotel, Washington, DC. February 10-11, 2014.
Clement RC, Kheir MM, Derman PB, Flynn DN, Speck RM, Levin SL, Fleisher LA: The Economics of Unplanned Readmissions Following TKA and the Potential Consequences of Healthcare Reform. American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons Annual Meeting, New Orleans, LA. March 13, 2014.
Clement RC, Kheir MM, Derman PB, Flynn DN, Speck RM, Levin SL, Fleisher LA: Are there Identifiable Risk Factors or Causes Associated with Unplanned Readmission Following TKA. American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons Annual Meeting, New Orleans, LA. March 13, 2014.
Gans I, Baldwin K, Levin LS, Flynn J: Solving the Pediatric Lower Extremity Vascular Trauma Dilemma: Improved Care with a Vascular Trauma Protocol, Trauma VI. American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons Annual Meeting, New Orleans, LA. March 14, 2014.
2013
"Allotransplantation (Reaching the Top of "The Reconstructive Ladder"). The 2013 Triennial Meeting of the Duke Hand Club, Adare Manor, County Limerick, Ireland. July 24, 2013.
Keynote Lecturer – Symposium on Vascularized Composite Allotransplantation. “History of Hand and Upper Extremity VCA: Current Indications and Strategies for Long Term Success.” University of Bern, Switzerland. September 2, 2013
The 40th Annual Meeting of the Japanese Society of Reconstructive Microsurgery. “The Microsurgical Reconstructive Ladder for Extremity Reconstruction-an Orthopaedic Perspective.” Morioka Civic Cultural Hall, Morioka, Japan. September 24-27, 2013.
Levin LS: “Basic Science Studies of Elbow Vascularized Allo-transplant.” IHCTAS 2013 11th Annual Meeting of the International Hand and Composite Tissue Allotransplantation Society, Wroclaw, Poland. August 29-30, 2013.
Levin LS: Propeller Flaps. World Society of Reconstructive Surgery Meeting. Waldorf Astoria Naples Grande Resort, Naples, FL. January 13, 2013.
Levin LS: Teaching Microsurgery – How to Avoid Disasters. Master Series in Microsurgery Panel. World Society of Reconstructive Surgery Meeting. Waldorf Astoria Naples Grande Resort, Naples, FL. January 13, 2013.
Levin LS: Moderator: Nerve and Transplantation. World Society of Reconstructive Surgery Meeting. Waldorf Astoria Naples Grande Resort, Naples, FL. January 13, 2013.
Levin LS: History of the ASRT. ASRT Panel-Update. American Society of Reconstructive Transplantation. Waldorf Astoria Naples Grande Resort, Naples, FL. January 13, 2013.
Levin LS: Robert B. Greer, III, MD Lecture in Orthopaedics. “Orthoplastic Limb Salvage – Microsurgical Reconstruction of Extremities.” Penn State Hershey, Penn State, PA. March 1-2, 2013.
Levin LS: Soft Tissue Coverage of Fingertip Injuries. American Society for Surgery of the Hand Specialty Day at the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons Meeting, Chicago, IL. March 23, 2013.
Stevanovic M, Attinger C, Levin LS, Martin B: Panel: Complex Reconstruction: Lower Extremity. 2013 World Congress and American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery Pre-Symposium, Fairmont Chicago Hotel, Chicago, IL. July 11-14, 2013.
Levin LS: The History of Complex Reconstruction. 2013 World Congress and American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery Pre-Symposium, Fairmont Chicago Hotel, Chicago, IL. July 11-14, 2013.
Tintle S, White D, Levin LS, Mehta S, Kovach S: The Orthoplastic Team Approach to Salvage of Infected Tibial Non-unions with the Use of Free Vascularized Fibula Graft and Taylor Spatial Frame. 2013 World Congress and American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery Pre-Symposium, Fairmont Chicago Hotel, Chicago, IL. July 11-14, 2013.
Levin LS: Limb Salvage vs. Amputation for Major Lower Extremity Trauma: Current Guidelines. Panelists: Lower Extremity II. 2013 World Congress and American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery Pre-Symposium, Fairmont Chicago Hotel, Chicago, IL. July 11-14, 2013.
Levin LS: Moderator: Reconstructive Surgery-The Evolution to VCA. 2013 World Congress and American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery Pre-Symposium, Fairmont Chicago Hotel, Chicago, IL. July 11-14, 2013.
Levin LS: Microsurgical Techniques to Preserve and Improve Amputee Function.” Panelists: Lower Extremity III. 2013 World Congress and American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery Pre-Symposium, Fairmont Chicago Hotel, Chicago, IL. July 11-14, 2013.
Levin LS, et al: Panelists Group Consensus: Achieving NORMAL in Complex Microsurgical Reconstruction: Are We There Yet? . 2013 World Congress and American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery Pre-Symposium, Fairmont Chicago Hotel, Chicago, IL. July 11-14, 2013.
Levin LS: Panelist for Panel 4: The Economic Reality of Vascularized Composite Allotransplantation. 30th Annual Meeting of the Northeastern Society of Plastic Surgeons, the Ritz-Carlton, Washington, DC. September 20-23, 2013.
Newman AS, Wu L, Levin LS, Kovach SJ: Techniques for Late Revision of Lower Extremity Reconstruction. Poster Presentation – World Congress Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery, July 11-14, 2013. Fairmont Chicago Hotel, Chicago, IL.
Levin LS: Precourse 01: The Reconstructive Ladder – “When to Consider Functioning Muscle / CTA / Prosthetics. The 68th American Society for Surgery of the Hand Annual Meeting, San Francisco, CA. October 2-5, 2013.
Levin LS: Moderator on Panel: Lower Extremity: Cutting Your Losses – Salvage vs. Amputation. American Society of Plastic Surgery Meeting, San Diego, CA. October 11-15, 2013.
Levin LS & Germann G: Instructional Course Lecture: Intrinsic Flaps for Soft Tissue Coverage. American Society of Plastic Surgery Meeting, San Diego, CA. October 11-15, 2013.
Levin LS: Regional Meeting – “Medial Geniculate Osteocutaneous Flap for Metacarpal Reconstruction.” Tri-City Hand Meeting, Hospital for Special Surgery, Richard L. Menschel Education Center, New York, NY, May 11, 2013.
2012
Levin LS: "The Microsurgical Reconstructive ladder for Hand Surgery." The 55th Annual Meeting of the Japanese Society for Surgery of the Hand, Pacifico Yokohama Conference Center, Japan, April 19-20, 2012.
Levin LS: (Keynote Speaker) "The Microsurgical Ladder for Extremity Reconstruction" Ralph T. Manktelow Lectureship in Hand Surgery, University of Toronto Hand Program, Toronto Western Hotel, Toronto, Canada. October 12, 2012.
"The Philadelphia Hand Transplant Experience" Ralph T. Manktelow Lectureship in Hand Surgery, University of Toronto Hand Program, Toronto Western Hotel, Toronto, Canada. October 12, 2012.
"Surgical Management of Complex Hand Wounds" Ralph T. Manktelow Lectureship in Hand Surgery, University of Toronto Hand Program, Toronto Western Hotel, Toronto, Canada. October 12, 2012.
Levin LS: “Argument Pro-Free Tissue Transfer.” Limb Lengthening and Reconstruction Society: ASAMI-North America Specialty Day Program at the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons Meeting, Moscone West Conference Center, San Francisco, CA, February 11, 2012.
Levin LS: “Current Indications for Replantation of Major Limbs in Adults.” American Society for Surgery of the Hand Specialty Day Program at the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons Meeting, Moscone Conference Center, San Francisco, CA, February 11, 2012.
Levin LS: Panel Discussion - “ER Coverage in the US in 2012 - Pay for Call –
Centers." American Society for Surgery of the Hand Specialty Day Program at the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons Meeting, Moscone Conference Center, San Francisco, CA, February 11, 2012.
Levin LS: “Reconstructing Soft Tissue Defects of the Foot and Ankle: The Orthopaedic Approach.” American Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Society Specialty Day Program at the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons Meeting, Moscone West Conference Center, San Francisco, CA, February 11, 2012.
Levin LS: “Argument Pro-Free Tissue Transfer.” Orthopaedic Trauma Association Specialty Day Program at the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons Meeting, Moscone West Conference Center, San Francisco, CA, February 11, 2012.
Levin LS: Flap Coverage: Cross Finger, Reverse Cross Finger Thenar, Homodigital. 14th Annual Philadelphia Hand Surgery Symposium, Loews Philadelphia Hotel, Philadelphia, PA, March3-5, 2012.
Levin LS: The Friday Night Dump: Emtala and You. 14th Annual Philadelphia Hand Surgery Symposium, Loews Philadelphia Hotel, Philadelphia, PA, March3-5, 2012.
Levin LS: Who’s on Call? 14th Annual Philadelphia Hand Surgery Symposium, Loews Philadelphia Hotel, Philadelphia, PA, March3-5, 2012.
Levin LS: PANEL: Dupuytren’s Dilemmas and Disasters Still Exist. 14th Annual Philadelphia Hand Surgery Symposium, Loews Philadelphia Hotel, Philadelphia, PA, March 3-5, 2012.
Levin LS: Hand and Forearm Composite Allotransplantation: The Future of Upper Extremity Surgery. 60th Annual Meeting of the Piedmont Orthopaedic Society & Piedmont Orthopaedic Foundation, Key Largo, FL, May 9-13, 2012.
Levin LS: "The Microsurgical Reconstructive Ladder - A Half Century of Progress." The Twelfth Annual John Knowles Swinburne Memorial Lecture, Long Island Plastic Surgical Group. The Garden City Hotel, Garden City, NY, May 19, 2012.
Levin LS: “Orthoplastic Extremity Reconstruction.” The AO Visiting Professor, Division of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Brown University, Providence, RI, May 30, 2012.
Levin LS: “Orthoplastic Surgery-The Evolution of Fix and Flap.” Mayo Clinic/Chang Gung University Symposium in Reconstructive Surgery, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MO, May 31-June 3, 2012.
Levin LS: Moderator – Session II: Transplantation. Mayo Clinic/Chang Gung University Symposium in Reconstructive Surgery, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MO, May 31-June 3, 2012.
Levin LS: “Composite Tissue Allo-Transplantation.” Mayo Clinic/Chang Gung University Symposium in Reconstructive Surgery, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MO, May 31-June 3, 2012.
Levin LS: Breakout Session. “Toe Transplantation and Finger Replantation.” Mayo Clinic/Chang Gung University Symposium in Reconstructive Surgery, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MO, May 31-June 3, 2012.
Levin LS: Moderator – Session VII-B: Lower Extremity. Mayo Clinic/Chang Gung University Symposium in Reconstructive Surgery, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MO, May 31-June 3, 2012.
Levin LS: The Evolution of Microsurgery and the Development of an Orthoplastics Subspecialty. Orthopaedic Research and Education Foundation/Orthopaedic Research Society Meeting, University of Pennsylvania Hospital, Philadelphia, PA, June 8-9, 2012.
Levin LS: "Vascularized Composite Allotransplantation for the Military – Awareness, Capability and Collaboration." The American Society for Reconstructive Transplantation and DOD Reconstructive Transplantation Symposium, July 10, 2012.
Levin LS: “Perspectives on Reconstructive Surgery – The Duke Flap Course at 10 Years.” August 3-5, 2012, Duke University, Durham, NC.
Levin LS: “Management of the Upper Extremity Amputation including Micro Coverage at Various Levels and Composite Tissue Allotransplantation.” 67th Annual Meeting of the American Society for Surgery of the Hand, Chicago, IL. September 6-8, 2012.
Levin LS: “Vascularized Bone.” United States Navy Medical Center, Diego, CA. September 19, 2012.
Levin LS: “Orthoplastic Principles for Extremity Salvage in the Wounded Warrior.” Project C.A.R.E. Comprehensive Aesthetic Restorative Effort – 3rd Annual Symposium, San Diego, CA. September 19-21, 2012.
Levin LS: “Medial Geniculate Flap.” 28th Annual Meeting of the Orthopaedic Trauma Association, Minneapolis, MO, October 3-6, 2012.
Levin LS: Mini Symposium – “How to Make Bone.” 28th Annual Meeting of the Orthopaedic Trauma Association, Minneapolis, MO, October 3-6, 2012.
Clement RC, Derman PB, Flynn DN, Speck RM, Levin LS, Fleisher LA. “Risk Factors, Causes, and the Financial Implications of Unplanned Readmissions after Total Hip Arthroplasty.” Podium Presentation, American Association of Hip and Knee Surgeons Annual Meeting, Nov 2, 2012, Dallas, Texas.
Clement RC, Derman PB, Flynn DN, Speck RM, Levin LS, Fleisher LA. “Risk Factors, Causes, and the Financial Implications of Unplanned Readmissions after Total Knee Arthroplasty.” Poster Presentation, American Association of Hip and Knee Surgeons Annual Meeting, Nov 2-4, 2012, Dallas, Texas.
Levin LS: Hand Transplantation. 5th Annual Delaware Orthopaedic Symposium, John H. Ammon Medical Education Center @ Christiana Hospital campus in Newark, Delaware.
Invited Lectures
2016
Levin LS: Orthoplastic Extremity Reconstruction – From Replantation to Transplantation. Visiting Professor, Grand Rounds, Viginia Tech Carilion School of Medicine. November 18, 2016.
Levin LS: Orthoplastic Extremity Reconstruction – From Replantation to Transplantation. V. H. Kazanjian Memorial Lecture, NYU Langone Medical Center, The Hansjorg Wyss Department of Plastic Surgery, New York, NY. September 20, 2016.
Levin LS: Orthoplastic Extremity Reconstruction – The Journey from Replantation to Trnasplantation. Frank Hawkins Kenan Lecture, Duke Surgery Grand Rounds, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC. June 1, 2016.
Levin LS: Orthoplastic Extremity Reconstruction: The modern manifestations of Halstead, Kocher and Ganz. 6th Reinhold Ganz Lecture. Balgrist University Hospital Zurich, Department of Orthopaedics, Zurich, Switzerland, April 28, 2016.
Levin LS: The Microsurgical Reconstructive Ladder for Children – Replantation to Transplantation. Grand Rounds, University of Toronto Division of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. April 27, 2016.
Levin LS: Your Next 35 Years: Observations and Lessons Learned. Alpha Omega Alpha Lecture. Induction of the Class of 2016, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA. February 16, 2016.
Levin LS: Orthoplastic Extremity Reconstruction; Vascularized Bone Grafting for Extremity Reconstruction. Visiting Professor, Cleveland Clinic, Department of Plastic Surgery, Cleveland, OH. February 11-12, 2016.
2015
Levin LS: Microsurgical Techniques for Limb Salvage. 2015 DKOU Deutscher Kongress fur Orthopadie und Unfallichirurgie. Berlin, Germany. October 21, 2015.
Levin LS: “Faculty Recruitment and Retention.” 2015 American Council of Academic Plastic Surgeons, Boston, MA. October 18, 2015.
Levin LS: Pennsylvania Orthopaedic Society 2015 Resident Program, Preparing for the Orthopaedic Surgical Practice of Tomorrow – “Academic Practice Perspective.” Bellevue Hyatt, Philadelphia, PA. October 17, 2015.
Levin LS: Impact of ACA on Practice: “An Academic Surgeon’s Perspective.” 58th Annual Meeting of the Ohio Valley Society of Plastic Surgeons. Covington, KY, May 29 – 31, 2015
Levin LS: “American College of Surgeons Initiatives in Regionalization of Complex Hand Injury Care.” 58th Annual Meeting of the Ohio Valley Society of Plastic Surgeons. Covington, KY, May 29 – 31, 2015.
Levin LS: “The Medial Femoral Condyle – A Rich Source of Vascularized Bone for Orthopaedic Reconstruction.” Piedmont Orthopaedic Society, 63rd Annual Meeting. Sea Island, GA, May 9, 2015.
Levin LS: “Orthoplastic Extremity Reconstruction – 25 Years of Progress.” Mayo Clinic Arizona, Phoenix, AZ. April 10, 2015.
Levin LS: “Alternatives to Thumb Replantation.” 17th Annual Hand Surgery Symposium. Loews Philadelphia Hotel, Philadelphia, PA. March 7, 2015.
2014
Levin LS: “Orthoplastic Surgical Principles.” Care Summit Meeting, San Diego, December, 2014.
Levin LS: “Albatrosses and Home Runs.” 69th Annual American Society for Surgery of the Hand Meeting. Sheraton Boston Hotel, Boston, MA. September 19, 2014.
Levin LS: “Where Do I Send the Mangled Hand.” 69th Annual American Society for Surgery of the Hand Meeting. Sheraton Boston Hotel, Boston, MA. September 19, 2014.
Levin LS: Moderator- “Where Do I Send the Mangled Hand and Microvascular Emergency?” 69th Annual American Society for Surgery of the Hand Meeting. Sheraton Boston Hotel, Boston, MA. September 19, 2014.
Levin LS: “Flaps You Should Know/ Lateral Arm Flap.” 69th Annual American Society for Surgery of the Hand Meeting. Sheraton Boston Hotel, Boston, MA. September 16, 2014.
Levin LS: “Radial Forearm Flap Posterior Interosseous Flap.” 69th Annual American Society for Surgery of the Hand Meeting. Sheraton Boston Hotel, Boston, MA. September 16, 2014.
Levin LS: Course Chairman - “Flaps You Should Know After Fellowship and The Reconstructive Ladder.” 69th Annual American Society for Surgery of the Hand Meeting. Sheraton Boston Hotel, Boston, MA. September 16, 2014.
Levin LS: “Orthoplastic Extremity Reconstruction.” Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center Stoneman Building, 10th Floor, Boston, MA. May 21, 2014.
Levin LS: “Hand Transplantation.” Leinbach Memorial Lecture - Reading Hospital, Reading, PA. May 13, 2014.
Levin LS: “Hand Transplant.” Mexican Association of Plastic, Aesthetic and Reconstructive Surgery, Mexico City, Mexico. April 30-May 2, 2014.
Levin LS: “History of Orthoplastic Surgery.” Mexican Association of Plastic, Aesthetic and Reconstructive Surgery, Mexico City, Mexico. April 30-May 2, 2014.
Levin, LS: "Wound Management for Pediatric Trauma". POSNA Special Day Program. American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgery Annual Meeting, New Orleans, LA. March 15, 2014.
Levin, LS: "Failed CTR: Vascularized Fascial Flap.” ASSH/AAHS Specialty Day Program. American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgery Annual Meeting, New Orleans, LA. March 15, 2014.
Levin, LS: Instructional Course - "Advances in Treatment and Understanding of Musculoskeletal Infections." American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgery Annual Meeting, New Orleans, LA. March 13, 2014.
  
 Awards and Honors   2016, Senior Residents’ Appreciation Award
	2016, Best Case of the Year, Pediatric Bilateral Hand Transplant, 2016 ASRM Annual Meeting
	2015, Medscape Best Physicians of the Year
	2015, Philadelphia Business Journal Health Care Innovator Awards – Individual Innovator of the Year
	2015, Andrew J. Weiland Medal, American Society for Surgery of the Hand
	2014, I.S. Ravdin Master Clinician Award, Penn Medicine Award of Excellence at the Ruth and Raymond Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania
	2014, Best Doctors in America Award
	2013, Sir John Charnley, MD Award for Excellence in the Field of Orthopaedics
	2013, Lawrence D. Dorr Award for Most Outstanding Paper in Surgical Techniques and Technologies
	2010-2016, Top Doctors, Philadelphia Magazine
	2007, Duke University School of Medicine, Master Clinician/Teacher Award
	2006, American Society for Surgery of the Hand, “Plastic Surgery” Visiting Professor
	2005-2006, Plastic Society Educational Foundation, Visiting Professor
	2003, Best Scientific Paper Award, World Society of Reconstructive Microsurgery
	2002, Best Video, American Society for Surgery of the Hand
	2002, Best Presentation of a Paper. American Society Hand Therapists
	2002, Best Paper Award European Federation Societies Hand Therapy
	2001, Third Place Award of the Investigator Award for PSEF Scholarship Essay Contest
	2000, Best Layout and Presentation Poster Exhibit, 55th Annual Meeting American Society for Surgery of the Hand
	1999-2000, Bunnell Traveling Fellowship of the American Society for Surgery of the Hand
	1999, First Prize in Residents and Fellows Meeting AOA Resident’s Conference
	1999, Third Place, PSEF Scholarship Essay Contest
	1999, Best Aesthetic Paper Award, Senior Residents Conference
	1998, Best Resident Paper, Southeastern Society of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery
	1996, Best Video, American Society for Surgery of the Hand
	1994, First Place, Oscar Miller Day Trauma Symposium
	1987, First Place, Oscar Miller Day Trauma Symposium, Resident Award
	1986, Third Place: “Best Paper”, Southeastern Regional Trauma Competition
	1986, First Place: “Best Paper”,  N.C. Chapter American College of Surgeons, State Competition
  
 Editorial and Academic Positions   Editorial positions
2015-present, CSurgeries, Chief Editor
	2008-present, Journal of the American Society for Surgery of the Hand: Clinical Perspectives, Associate Editor
	2007-present, Annals of Plastic Surgery, Editorial Board
	2003-present, Journal of Orthopaedic Research, Guest Reviewer
	Microsurgery, Wiley-Liss Publisher
	Journal of Reconstructive Microsurgery, Williams and Wilkins
	Techniques in Hand and Wrist Surgery, Lippincott-Raven Publishers
	Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery, Upper Extremity Section, Deputy Editor
	Journal of Hand Surgery, Associate Editor
	Advances in Wound Care, Editorial Advisory Panel
	Chang Gung Medical Journal, Chang Gung University, Taiwan
	Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research (Board of Advisory Editors)
	Journal of Surgical Orthopaedic Advances, Data
Academic and Institutional Committees
2015-present, Penn Musculoskeletal Rheumatology Optime Committee, Chair
	2015-present, Biomedical Device Task Force Committee
	2015-present, Clinical Research Leadership Council
	2012-present, CPUP Subcommittee on Finance
	2012-present, CPUP Compensation Committee
	2012-present, CPUP Managed Care Committee
	2012-present, Clinical Chairs’ Academic Steering Committee
	2012-present, Medical Board
	2012-present, Risk Reduction Committee
	2011-present, DeForest Willard Society, Founder
	2011-present, Penn Medicine Campaign Cabinet Membership
	2011-present, Research Strategy and Recruitment Subcommittee (Biobanking)
	2009-present, Professional Liability Oversight Subcommittee
	2009-present, Penn Presbyterian Medical Center for Specialty Care Advisory Committee
  
 Leadership and Memberships   Memberships in Professional Organizations
International
British Society for Surgery of the Hand
	German Society for Orthopaedics and Trauma
	Groupe pour l’Avancement de la Microchirurgie
	International Federation Societies for Surgery of the Hand
	 - 1991-present, Committee on Upper Extremity Coverage
	International Society of Vascularized Composite Allotransplantation
	 - 2015-2017, Treasurer
	Societe International de Chirurgie et de Traumatologie (SICOT)
	World Society of Reconstructive Microsurgery
	 - 2016-present, Nominating Committee, Member
National 
American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons
	 - 2013-2017, ACS Delegate to the Council on Advocacy
	American Association of Plastic Surgeons
	American Board of Plastic Surgery Examiner
	American College of Physicians
	American College of Surgeons
	 - 2016-present, Development/Donor Support Committee
	 - 2015-present, Global Engagement – Education Work Group
	 - 1999-present, Advisory Council for Orthopaedic Surgery
	 - 1999-present, American Society for Surgery of the Hand Representative
	American Israeli Orthopaedic Society
	American Orthopaedic Association
	American Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Society
	American Society for Reconstructive Microsurgery
	American Society for Surgery of the Hand
	 - 2016-present, ASSH Council Vice President
	American Society of Maxillofacial Surgeons
	American Society of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeons
	 - 2001-present, Microsurgery Sub-Committee Chair
	 - 1999-present, CME Committee
	 - 1994-present, Medical Effectiveness Research Committee
	American Society of Plastic Surgeons
	 - Maliniac Lecturer Selection Subcommittee
	 - PRS Editorial Board
	American Society of Reconstructive Transplantation
	American Society of Transplantation
	 - VCA Advisory Council
	American Surgical Association
	Association of Academic Chairmen of Plastic Surgery
	 - 2000-present, Curriculum Committee
	Association of Academic Surgery
	Musculoskeletal Infection Society
	Orthopaedic Research Society
	Orthopaedic Trauma Association
	Plastic Surgery Research Council
	Society of Military Orthopaedic Surgeons 
  





 



















Insider Trading - Levin Scott D - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Levin Scott D





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-30Tax Withholding
2017-01-041:27 pm
N/AN/A
Ftd Companies Inc.
FTD
Levin Scott DEVP & General Counsel
912
$23.84
45,638(Direct)
View


2016-12-30Option Award
2017-01-041:27 pm
N/AN/A
Ftd Companies Inc.
FTD
Levin Scott DEVP & General Counsel
12,000
$0
45,638(Direct)
View


2016-11-10Option Award
2016-11-1508:20 am
N/A2021-01-01
Ftd Companies Inc.
FTD
Levin Scott DEVP & General Counsel
75,000
$20.9
75,000(Direct)
View


2016-11-08Tax Withholding
2016-11-0911:29 am
N/AN/A
Ftd Companies Inc.
FTD
Levin Scott DEVP & General Counsel
1,055
$20.24
34,550(Direct)
View


2016-03-07Option Award
2016-03-082:56 pm
N/AN/A
Ftd Companies Inc.
FTD
Levin Scott DEVP & General Counsel
10,000
$0
35,605(Direct)
View


2016-02-12Tax Withholding
2016-02-1611:20 am
N/AN/A
Ftd Companies Inc.
FTD
Levin Scott DEVP & General Counsel
1,229
$23.17
25,605(Direct)
View


2015-12-31Tax Withholding
2016-01-0412:28 pm
N/AN/A
Ftd Companies Inc.
FTD
Levin Scott DEVP & General Counsel
911
$26.17
26,834(Direct)
View


2015-11-06Tax Withholding
2015-11-091:40 pm
N/AN/A
Ftd Companies Inc.
FTD
Levin Scott DEVP & General Counsel
1,055
$25.26
27,745(Direct)
View


2015-08-10Option Award
2015-08-1210:29 am
N/A2021-01-01
Ftd Companies Inc.
FTD
Levin Scott DEVP & General Counsel
150,000
$29.97
150,000(Direct)
View


2015-03-09Option Award
2015-03-1111:44 am
N/AN/A
Ftd Companies Inc.
FTD
Levin Scott DEVP & General Counsel
10,000
$0
28,800(Direct)
View


2015-02-13Tax Withholding
2015-02-173:24 pm
N/AN/A
Ftd Companies Inc.
FTD
Levin Scott DEVP & General Counsel
273
$34.32
18,800(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Tue, 25 Jul 2017 18:15:01 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Levin Scott Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Levin Scott Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Levin's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Levin Scott's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Levin Scott's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Levin Scott 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Levin’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailLevin’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Levin’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Levin is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Levin’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Levin is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Levin's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Levin's background in the comforts of home.
Levin will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Levin's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Levin Scott, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Levin's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          




























Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 





















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started






























 



Fast, FREE shipping and morePrime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, ad-free music, Kindle books, original audio series and unlimited photo storage.








Start your 30-day Prime free trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $10.99/month.  Cancel anytime.
                    
                              See more plans  ›


Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    










v




























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







