


HTZ Linda Fayne Levinson Insider Trades for Hertz Global Holdings Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Hertz Global Holdings Inc.

                  NYSE: HTZ
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Hertz Global Holdings Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 7:09 p.m.


HTZ

/quotes/zigman/72263953/composite


$
15.75




Change

-0.05
-0.32%

Volume
Volume 84,141
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/72263953/composite
Previous close

$
			16.68
		


$
				15.80
			
Change

-0.88
-5.28%





Day low
Day high
$15.46
$16.72










52 week low
52 week high

            $8.52
        

            $53.14
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Linda Fayne Levinson



Ms. Linda F. Levinson is an Advisor at CVC Capital Partners Advisory (US), Inc., Independent Non-Executive Chairman at Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., Non-Executive Chairman at The Hertz Corp., Independent Director at Ingram Micro, Inc., Lead Independent Director at NCR Corp. and Independent Director at Jacobs Engineering Group, Inc. She is on the Board of Directors at Ingram Micro, Inc., NCR Corp., Jacobs Engineering Group, Inc., Reach Out & Read, Inc. and Barnard College. 
Ms. Levinson was previously employed as Chairman by Connexus Corp. (California), Chairman & Chief Executive Officer by Vendare Media Corp., Independent Director by The Western Union Co., Independent Director by DemandTec, Inc., Partner by GRP Partners, President by Fayne Levinson Associates, Partner by McKinsey & Co., Inc., Senior Vice President by American Express Travel Related Services Co., Inc., Senior Executive by Creative Artists Agency LLC, and Partner by Wings Partners, Inc. She also served on the board at Overture Services, Inc. and X1 Technologies, Inc. 
She received her undergraduate degree from Barnard College, a graduate degree from Harvard University and an MBA from The Leonard N Stern School of Business.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





11/18/2016
3,468


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/18/2016
1,704


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/18/2016
10,454


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/18/2016
14,934


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/16/2016
11,682


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/01/2015
6,417


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/24/2014
5,000


 
Acquisition at $24.11 per share.


120,550


05/14/2014
4,351


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/15/2013
4,950


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Ms. Kathryn V. Marinello 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Thomas C. Kennedy 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP




Mr. Tyler A. Best 
Chief Information Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Andrew H. Lacko 
Senior Vice President-Global Financial Planning




Mr. Michel  Taride 
President-Rent A Car International Business




Mr. R. Scott Massengill 
Treasurer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Robert J. Stuart 
Executive Vice President-Global Sales




Ms. Robin C. Kramer 
Chief Accounting Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Rick  Frecker 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Mr. Henry R. Keizer 
Independent Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. Samuel J. Merksamer 
Independent Director




Mr. Daniel A. Ninivaggi 
Independent Director




Mr. Vincent J. Intrieri 
Independent Director




Mr. David A. Barnes 
Independent Director




Ms. Carolyn N. Everson 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:41 AM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:40aSurprise: Those ‘great’ companies generally turn out to be meh ... or duds
8:40aThis is how Congress could create a bipartisan health-care bill
8:40a4 fears an AI developer has about artificial intelligence
8:39aEx-health insurance CEO: 5 common but faulty beliefs about paying for health care
8:39aDraining the swamp starts with blowing up health care
8:02aThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
8:02aBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
7:55aFifty years after the riots, Detroit is finally rising out of the devastation
7:00aYour Next Online Order Could Be Picked Out by a Robot
6:00a4 costly mistakes people make when buying cars
5:00aWhat’s a cameo – like Ed Sheeran on Game of Thrones – actually worth?
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






































































Board of Directors










































Feedback















Hertz Gold Plus Rewards


Login/Sign-Up















SEARCH










Hertz Gold Plus Rewards


Login/Sign-Up






Login


















Hertz Member Number or User ID:


User ID is a unique ID that you can create in order to login to Hertz.com. This is an optional field that can be used in place of your member number that you will receive once you complete the enrollment process.
Note: you will still be able to login to hertz.com using your member number if you don't choose to create a unique ID.

 


I Forgot My Member Number



Password:

I Forgot/Need Password





Remember my member number on this browser



 
													Login
													


Login and Create Your User ID










IR Home
About Hertz
Press Releases
Financials & Filings
Events & Presentations
Investor Alerts
Other Resources
SPIN Transaction





IR Home

Board of Directors





Company Overview
 | 
Corporate Governance Overview
 | 
Executive Officers
 | 
 
Board of Directors
 | 
Committee Composition
 | 
Committee Charters
 | 
Governance Documents




Linda Fayne Levinson*
Ms. Fayne Levinson has served as a director of Hertz Holdings and Hertz since March 2012. Ms Fayne Levinson has served as Independent Non-Executive Chair of the Board since September 2014.
 
Ms. Fayne Levinson was a partner at GRP Partners, a venture capital investment fund investing in start-up and early-stage retail and electronic commerce companies, from 1997 to December 2004. Prior to that, she was a partner in Wings Partners, a private equity firm that took Northwest Airlines private, an executive at American Express running its leisure travel and tour business and a partner at McKinsey & Co.
 
Ms. Fayne Levinson is also a director of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., Ingram Micro Inc., The Western Union Company and NCR, where she has served as a director since 1997 and Lead Independent Director from 2007 to 2013. Ms. Fayne Levinson was formerly a director at DemandTec, Inc. from 2005 to 2012 until IBM acquired that company.



Member

Compensation Committee


 




 










     






















 
CVC Capital Partners - CVC Advisers





 







Home

About CVC

About CVC
Our Investors
CVC Funds
Investment Criteria
ESG and Sustainability: Investing Responsibly
Connecting CVC and the Community


Our People

Our People
Specialist Teams
CVC Advisers


Our Portfolio

Current Portfolio
Historical Portfolio


Our Industry

Our Industry
Transparency and Disclosure
Key Facts about Private Equity


Investor Relations

Investor Relations
Investor Contacts


Media Centre

Media Centre
Media Contacts
Links


CVC Credit Partners






Investor login
Careers
Contact us
Languages: EN DE 中文 






Synsam is the number one optical retailer in the Nordic region.






DOC Generici is Italy's largest independent provider of generic pharmaceuticals






PKP Energetyka is the cross-country electricity distributor, railway maintenance services provider, power engineering contractor and electricity and gas re-seller






Founded in 1998, Żabka is the leading Polish convenience retailer.






The Executive Centre is Asia’s leading premium serviced office provider






Advantage Solutions provides marketing services for North American manufacturers and retailers







Home
Our People
CVC Advisers




Our People
Specialist Teams
CVC Advisers



CVC Advisers


Name:
Linda Fayne Levinson


Area of expertise:
Leisure


Adviser to CVC since 2011. Ms Levinson presently serves as a Director of Hertz, Ingram Micro, Jacobs Engineering Group, NCR and Western Union. At NCR, Levinson is independent lead director. She is Chair of the Compensation Committee at NCR, IM and JEC. Levinson was a Partner at GRP Partners, a venture capital firm; a Partner of Wings Partners, the private equity firm that took Northwest Airlines private; an Executive at American Express where she ran the US leisure travel business; and a Partner at McKinsey & Co. where she was the first woman elected Partner. Ms Levinson is a Trustee at Barnard College. She is also on the Board of Reach Out and Read. Ms Levinson holds an AB Degree in Russian Studies from Barnard College and an MA Degree in Russian Literature.



Back to advisors





Sitemap | Legal/Privacy/Cookies | Accessibility | Modern Slavery Statement
Copyright © 2007-2017 CVC Capital Partners SICAV-FIS S.A.

 Email page | Bookmark page | Print page









Linda Fayne Levinson of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc Board of Directors

















 



 

 



Jacobs Engineering Group Inc
 JEC



 


Board of Directors
                > Linda Fayne Levinson
            
Linda Fayne Levinson, Lead Independent Director



Profile
Connections






Biography



    Ms. Fayne Levinson, age 74, is an experienced executive and corporate director. From 1997 until 2004, Ms. Fayne Levinson was a Partner of GRP Partners, a venture capital firm that invests in early stage technology companies. Prior to that, Ms. Fayne Levinson was an executive at Creative Artists Agency, Inc.; a Partner at Wings Partners, a Los Angeles based private equity firm; President of Fayne Levinson Associates, an independent consulting firm; a Senior Vice President of American Express Travel Related Services Co., Inc.; and a Partner of McKinsey & Company, where she became the first woman partner in 1978. Ms. Fayne Levinson also serves as a member of the boards of Hertz, Ingram Micro, Inc. and NCR Corporation. At Hertz, Ms. Fayne Levinson is the Chair of the Board and previously served as Chair of its Nominating and Governance Committee, and at NCR is Chair of the Compensation Committee. Ms. Fayne Levinson is also a member of the U.S. Advisory Board of CVC Capital Partners and a trustee at Barnard College, where she chairs the Investment Committee.
    





Board Membership



Company Name
Board Member Since
Board Committees








            	Jacobs Engineering Group Inc
            
1996
BOARD,HUMAN RESOURCES AND COMPENSATION,NOMINATING,NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE








            	NCR Corp
            
-
BOARD,COMMITTEE ON DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE,COMPENSATION,COMPENSATION AND HUMAN RESOURCES,DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE,EXECUTIVE,NOMINATING








            	Hertz Global Holdings Inc
            
-
BOARD,COMPENSATION,COMPENSATION, NOMINATING AND GOVERNANCE,FINANCING,NOMINATING AND GOVERNANCE








 

















Linda Fayne Levinson: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 8:41 AM ET
Technology Hardware, Storage and Peripherals

Company Overview of NCR Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Linda Fayne Levinson  Director, NCR CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 7 Board Members in 7 different organizations across 19 different industries.See Board Relationships75$378,824
Background

		Ms. Linda Fayne Levinson has been an Adviser of CVC Capital Partners Limited since 2011 and has been its Member of U.S. Advisory Board since April 17, 2012. Ms. Levinson served as the Chief Executive Officer of Connexus Corporation from February 8, 2006 to May 2010. She served as Interim Chief Executive Officer of VendareNetblue from February 2006 to July 2006. She was an Executive of American Express where she ran the US leisure travel business. She was a Senior Executive ... of Creative Artists Agency LLC, where she had a key role in the restructuring of MGM. From 1997 to December 2004, she was a Partner at GRP Partners. In that capacity, she invested in technology-driven consumer-facing companies, including such successes as Overture Services (now part of Yahoo!) and lastminute.com PLC. She served as an Executive of American Express, where she ran the US leisure travel business. She served as a Senior Vice President of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., where she ran the U.S. leisure travel business, composed of its travel agencies and tour business. She was at McKinsey & Company, Inc. for nine years and in 1979, was the first woman elected a Partner. She served as a Partner in the merchant banking operations of Alfred Checchi Associates, Inc. Since April 1997, she has served as a Principal of Global Retail Partners, LP. She served as a Partner of Global Retail Partners, Upfront Ventures, Upfront II Partners L.P., GRP III, L.P. and Wings Partners, Inc. From 1994 to 1997, she served as the President of Fayne Levinson Associates. Ms. Levinson’s has in-depth knowledge of business operations, strategy, compensation strategies and other corporate governance matters to the Board of Directors. She serves as the Chairman of VendareNetblue. Ms. Levinson served as Chairman of the Board of Connexus Corporation from July 2006 to May 2010 and served as its Executive Chairman. She served as the Chairman of X1 Technologies, Inc. from November 2006 to June 2007. Ms. Levinson serves on the board of trustees of Barnard College in New York City. Ms. Levinson is on the Board of Reach Out and Read. Ms. Levinson has been an Independent Director of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. since 1996 and has been its Lead Independent Director since July 28, 2016. She has been a Director of DemandTec, Inc. since September 2005 and Homestead Technologies Inc. since April 1999. She serves as a Director of Global Retail Partners (GRP), Hertz, CyberSource, Inc., GoTo.com, Inc., HealthAllies, Inc. and Bill Me Later, Inc. She serves as a Director of Overture Services, Inc. She has been a Director of NCR Corporation since January 1, 1997 and served as its Lead Independent Director from October 1, 2007 to January 16, 2016. She served as a Director of Exactis.com, Inc. since July 1998, Mercata, Inc., since November 1999, Connexus Corporation since April 2005 and Yahoo! Search Marketing Solutions since November 1998. She served as an Independent Non-Executive Chairman of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (formerly, Hertz Rental Car Holding Company) since June 30, 2016 until January 2, 2017 and The Hertz Corporation since September 7, 2014 until January 2, 2017. She served as a Director of The Hertz Corporation since March 2012 until January 2, 2017 and served as its Independent Lead Director since August 2014 until January 2, 2017. She served as a Director of Ingram Micro Inc. from August 2004 to December 5, 2016 and Director of The Western Union Company from 2006 to May 12, 2016. She served as a Director of I4 Technologies, LastMinute.com Limited, Creative Artists Agency, LLC from 2006 to May 12, 2016, Insperity, Inc., CyberSource Corporation, Beyond.com Corp., Genentech, Inc., and AdminiStaff, Inc. She served as a Director of Creative Artist Agency, LLC. She served as a Director of X1 Technologies, Inc. Her area of expertise is leisure and her previous focus was on retail and consumer services. Ms. Levinson received an A.B. in Russian studies from Barnard College, an M.A. in Russian literature from Harvard University and an M.B.A. from New York University, Stern School of Business.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
3097 Satellite BoulevardDuluth, Georgia 30096United StatesPhone: 937-445-5000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorHealthAllies, Inc.DirectorBill Me Later, Inc.1996-PresentLead Independent DirectorJacobs Engineering Group Inc.1997-PresentDirectorNCR Corporation1999-PresentDirectorHomestead Technologies Inc.2005-PresentDirectorDemandTec, Inc.
Education
MA Harvard UniversityMBA New York University - Leonard N. Stern School of BusinessBA Barnard College
Other Affiliations
CVC Capital Partners LimitedUpfront VenturesInsperity, Inc.Beyond.com Corp.Exactis.com, Inc.Genentech, Inc.Yahoo! Search Marketing SolutionsHealthAllies, Inc.Homestead Technologies Inc.Mercata, Inc.Ingram Micro Inc.Lastminute.com LimitedDemandTec, Inc.CyberSource CorporationMcKinsey & Company, Inc.Connexus CorporationHarvard UniversityJacobs Engineering Group Inc.The Hertz CorporationCreative Artists Agency, LLCAmerican Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc.The Western Union CompanyNew York University - Leonard N. Stern School of BusinessUpfront II Partners L.PBarnard CollegeBill Me Later, Inc.X1 Technologies, Inc.Wings Partners, IncI4 TechnologiesHertz Global Holdings, Inc.GRP III, L.P.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$56,875Total Calculated Compensation$378,824




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationRichard D. Phillips President & CEOEssendant Inc.$586.5KKenneth T. Lamneck Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Insight Enterprises, Inc.$800.0KTakayuki  Ikeda Chief Executive Officer, President and Representative DirectorToshiba Tec Corporation--Hikmet  Ersek Chief Executive Officer, President & DirectorThe Western Union Company$1.0MPhilippe  Vallée Chief Executive Officer and Executive DirectorGemalto N.V.$310.2KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact NCR Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Genentech: Press Releases | Genentech Elects Linda Fayne Levinson To Board Of Directors









































Search





Contact Us





About Us












For Scientists


For Medical Professionals


For Patients


For Media


For Good


Now Hiring







Media /
                Press Releases












Attention: This page may not render properly. The browser you are using, Internet Explorer 10, is no longer supported.











Media Inquiries
(650) 467-6800








                        Print
                    








Media /
                Press Releases


Thursday, Sep 10, 1992
Genentech Elects Linda Fayne Levinson To Board Of Directors
 South San Francisco, Calif. -- September 10, 1992 --                     Genentech, Inc. today announced the election of Linda Fayne Levinson, 50, as a member of the company's board of directors.
  
Levinson is a partner of Wings Partners, the Los Angeles-based merchant bank whose holdings include Northwest Airlines.  Her responsibilities with the partnership focus on the strategic and financial evaluation and implementation of transactions.  In addition, Levinson focuses on strategic and labor relations issues at Northwest.
Prior to joining Wings Partners, Levinson was a senior vice president of the Travel Division of the American Express Travel Related Services Company and before that was partner at McKinsey & Company, advising clients in the area of strategic management and organizational change.  Ms. Levinson was named the first woman partner at McKinsey & Company.
Levinson received her undergraduate degree from Barnard College and holds a master's degree in Russian Literature from Harvard University and a master's of business administration degree from New York University.
"Linda Levinson's strategic judgement and international business experience should make a great contribution to Genentech's future," said Robert A. Swanson, chairman of the board and founder of Genentech, Inc.
Genentech, Inc. is a leading biotechnology company that discovers, develops, manufactures and markets human pharmaceuticals for significant medical needs.  The company has headquarters in South San Francisco, California and is traded on the New York and Pacific Stock Exchanges under the symbol GNE.# # #







Our Pipeline

Our pipeline includes new molecular entities that address serious unmet medical needs.




Approvals Timeline

A look at our approvals past and present.















 Feedback?
                    

Tell us what you think about our company, products, or website.


“

                    The important thing in science is not so much to obtain new facts as to discover new ways of thinking about them.
                
”
– William Lawrence Bragg











Connect with us






































   Linda Levinson | American Express Company | ZoomInfo.com 






Linda Fayne Levinson, Board Member, Western Union Company


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Linda Fayne Levinson



Director
at
Western Union Company


Location: United States





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Linda Fayne Levinson



Director
at
Western Union Company


Location: United States




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Linda Fayne Levinson is an advisor to professionally funded, privately held ventures. Fayne Levinson was non-executive chair of the board of Connexus, Inc., formerly VendareNetblue, a privately held online marketing company until May 2010 when it was merged with Epic Advertising. From 1997 until May 2004, Fayne Levinson was a partner at GRP Partners, a venture capital firm, investing in early stage technology companies in the financial services, internet media and online retail sectors. Earlier in her career, Fayne Levinson was an executive at American Express and a partner at McKinsey & Company. She is a director of NCR Corporation, Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., Ingram Micro, Inc., and Hertz Global Holdings Inc.



1

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Finance as a service




Tags
N/A




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A
























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Linda Fayne LevinsonCareer






2012




Western Union Company



Board Member








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Linda Fayne LevinsonEducation (3)










New York University, Stern School of Business













Harvard University


Russian literature










Barnard College


Russian studie









 Edit



Linda Fayne LevinsonAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Linda Fayne Levinson






 Edit



Linda Fayne LevinsonLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Linda Fayne Levinson









Linda Fayne LevinsonInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Linda Fayne Levinson









Linda Fayne LevinsonInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Linda Fayne Levinson








Linda Fayne LevinsonRelated People








Colleagues at Western Union Company







Bill Chandler

SVP and Chief Communications Officer
Sep-2016









Elizabeth Chambers

Chief Strategy and Product Officer
Nov-2015









Jean Claude Farah

Executive Vice President and President, Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific, Eastern Europe & CIS
Jan-2014









Kerry Agiasotis

Senior Vice President, President, Western Union Business Solutions
Jan-2014








View all 
Peers (18)







Robert Henske

Director of Verifone Holdings









Eitan Raff

Senior Advisor of Morgan Stanley Technology Banking









Barbara Yastine

Director of First Data Corporation









William Chenevich

Director of Verisign









Kathleen Cote

Director of Verisign









Roger H. Moore

Director of Verisign












View all 



Linda Fayne LevinsonRecommended Market Profiles (4)








Payments (Lumascape)

10,000 or More employees
13 companies








Remittance (Fintech)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
16 companies








FinTech Landscape (Abridged)

10,000 or More employees
35 companies








Money/Transfer (US)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
9 companies



















Linda Fayne Levinson 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017

















 



























Board of Directors | NCR | World Leader In Consumer Transaction Technologies



















Skip to main content





NCR




CompanyCompanyCompany Overview
Interact Global Partners
Suppliers
Hospitality service partners
Technology partners
Locations

Executive Leadership Team
Corporate Responsibility
Corporate Governance
Investor Relations
Locations

SolutionsFinancial Services
Retail
Hospitality
Travel
Telecom & Technology
Small Business
Public Sector

Product CatalogAll Products
ProductsNCR ATM Solutions
NCR Point-of-Sale Solutions
Airport, Airline & Travel Solutions
Cinemas & Theaters Solutions
Digital Banking Solutions
Banking Branch Transformation Solutions
Department & Specialty Retail Solutions
Food, Drug & Mass Merchandise Solutions
Networking & Collaboration Solutions
Petroleum & Convenience Solutions
Postal Automation Solutions
Restaurant Solutions
Telecom Storefront Solutions
Venues & Stadium Solutions
Wholesale Distribution Solutions

ServicesBanking Services
Retail Services
Restaurant Services
Cinema & Theater Services
Venue & Stadium Services
Airline Services
Airport Services
Telecom & Technology Services
Government Contact Vehicles


NewsNewsroomNews Releases
NCR in the News
NCR Blogs
Resources
Media Contacts
Bill Nuti in the News
Awards and recognition


CareersCareers Overview
Why Work Here?

Blogs
Support
Contact Us







MyNCR
 




Language


العربية (Arabic)
简体中文 (Chinese)
English (UK)
English (US)
English (Australia)
Español (América Latina)
Français (Canada)
Français (French)
Deutsch (German)
עִברִית (Hebrew) 
Italiano (Italian)
日本語 (Japanese)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portugese)
России (Russian)
Српски (Serbian)
Español (Spanish)
Türkçe (Turkish)






Social

LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
YouTube
 




Search


Search 




 



Menu






You are hereHomeCompanyCompany OverviewBoard of Directors 







 




 




 




 




 



 







Board of Directors







Bill Nuti, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, NCR Corporation
Gregory R. Blank, Managing Director, Blackstone
Edward P. (Pete) Boykin, Former President and Chief Operating Officer, Computer Sciences Corporation
Chinh E. Chu,  Managing Partner, CC Capital Management and Senior Advisor to Blackstone
Richard L. Clemmer, President and Chief Executive Officer, NXP Semiconductors N.V.
Gary Daichendt, Former President and Chief Operating Officer, Nortel Networks Corporation
Robert P. DeRodes, former Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Global Operations & Technology, Target Inc.
Kurt P. Kuehn, Former Chief Financial Officer, United Parcel Service, Inc.
Linda Fayne Levinson, Independent Lead Director, Jacobs Engineering Group
 
Bill NutiBill Nuti is Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of NCR Corporation. Before joining NCR, Mr. Nuti served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Symbol Technologies where he strengthened the company’s product portfolio and positioned the company as a leading supplier in the emerging radio frequency (RFID) industry.  Prior to that, he was Chief Operating Officer of Symbol and led a challenging turnaround.  Mr. Nuti served 10 years at Cisco Systems where he held positions of increasing responsibility, advancing to the dual role of Senior Vice President of the company’s Worldwide Service Provider Operations and U.S. Theater Operations.  Prior to his Cisco experience, Mr. Nuti held sales and management positions at IBM, Netrix Corporation and Network Equipment Technologies.
Gregory R. BlankGregory R. Blank is a Managing Director of Blackstone in the Private Equity Group based in New York where he focuses on investments in the technology, media and telecommunications sectors. Mr. Blank has been involved in the execution of many of Blackstone’s investments, including most recently in Kronos, JDA, Ipreo and Optiv.  Prior to joining Blackstone, Mr. Blank was an Associate at Texas Pacific Group in San Francisco where he was involved in the evaluation and execution of private equity transactions.  Prior to that, Mr. Blank worked in investment banking at Goldman, Sachs & Co. focused on technology, media and telecommunications clients.  Mr. Blank graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in economics from Harvard College and received an MBA from the Harvard Business School.  He currently serves as a director of Ipreo, Kronos and Optiv.
Edward P. (Pete) BoykinEdward P. (Pete) Boykin was President and Chief Operating Officer of Computer Sciences Corporation, an information technology services company.  He was Chair of the Board of Directors at Capital TEN Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company.  Mr. Boykin was also a director of Teradata Corporation, and he served as Chairman of the Board of Engility Corporation.
Chinh E. ChuChinh E. Chu is a Managing Partner and Founder of CC Capital Management LLC, a special purpose acquisition company.  Before forming CC Capital Management, Mr. Chu was a Senior Managing Director of Blackstone in the Corporate Private Equity Group and currently acts as a senior advisor to Blackstone.  Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Chu worked at Salomon Brothers in the Mergers and Acquisitions Department.  Mr. Chu led Blackstone’s investments in  AlliedBarton, Celanese, Graham Packaging, Interstate Hotels, Kronos, LIFFE, Nalco, Nycomed and Stiefel Laboratories.  Mr. Chu graduated with a bachelor’s degree in finance from the University of Buffalo.  
Richard L. ClemmerRichard L. Clemmer is President and Chief Executive Officer of NXP Semiconductors N.V., an independent semiconductor company.  Prior to that, he was a senior advisor at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. (KKR), a leading private equity firm.  Prior to joining KKR, Mr. Clemmer served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Agere Systems, the Lucent spin-off and a leader in semiconductors for storage, wireless data and public enterprise networks, where he drove the turnaround and re-emergence of the company.
Gary J. DaichendtGary J. Daichendt has been principally occupied as a private investor and has been a managing member of Theory R Properties LLC, a commercial real estate firm.  He served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Nortel Networks Corporation, a global supplier of communications equipment.  Prior to that and until his retirement, Mr. Daichendt served as Executive Vice President, Worldwide Operations for Cisco Systems, Inc.  Before joining Cisco, Mr. Daichendt spent eight years at Wang Laboratories in positions of increasing responsibility.  His background also includes time at Nortel Networks as President and Chief Operating Officer and ten years at IBM in various sales, marketing and management positions.
Robert P. DeRodesRobert P. DeRodes leads DeRodes Enterprises, LLC, an information technology, business operations and management advisory firm.  Most recently Mr. DeRodes served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Target, Inc., a general merchandising retailer, leading their post-breach information security efforts and developing a long-term technology transformation road map.  Previously, Mr. DeRodes served as Executive Vice President, Global Operations and Technology of First Data Corporation, a global leader in electronic commerce and payments.  Prior to First Data Corporation, Mr. DeRodes served as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for The Home Depot, the world’s largest home improvement retailer.  Prior to that he was President and Chief Executive Officer of Delta Technology, Inc. and Chief Information Officer of Delta Air Lines, Inc.  Prior to working at Delta, Mr. DeRodes held various executive positions in the financial services industry.
Kurt P. KuehnKurt P. Kuehn is a member of the Board of Directors of Henry Schein, Inc. and was Chief Financial Officer at United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS), a global leader in logistics.  Prior to his appointment as CFO, Mr. Kuehn was Senior Vice President Worldwide Sales and Marketing, leading the transformation of the sales organization to improve the global customer experience.  Mr. Kuehn was UPS’s first Vice President of Investor Relations, taking the company public in one of the largest IPOs in U.S. history.  Since he joined UPS as a driver, Mr. Kuehn’s UPS career has included leadership roles in sales and marketing, engineering, operations and strategic cost planning.
Linda Fayne LevinsonLinda Fayne Levinson is a director of Jacobs Engineering Group where she serves as the Company’s Independent Lead Director and was Chair of the Board of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  Ms. Levinson was also a director of Ingram Micro, Inc. until the company was acquired by HNA Group, and was a director of the Western Union Company.  Ms. Levinson is also on the U.S. advisory board of CVC Capital Partners, and a senior advisor to RRE Ventures, a venture capital firm committed to helping founders build category-defining companies.  Ms. Levinson was a Partner at GRP Partners, a private equity investment fund investing in start-up and early-stage retail, technology and e-commerce companies.  Prior to that she was a Partner in Wings Partners, a private equity firm, an executive at American Express running its leisure travel and tour business, and a partner at McKinsey & Company.

 
















We're Here To Help


Contact Us


 











News



NCR Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results
NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) reported financial results today for the three months ended June 30, 2017
Read More 

 



NCR Corporation We had an iNCRedible time volunteering with the @AtlantaFalcons at the Bellwood Boys & Girls Club today! #NCRlife https://t.co/aHrPZGnDI6 





Blog



How Authentic can aid the transition to PSD2 and open APIs
The second iteration of the EU's Payment Services Directive (PSD2) is on the horizon. Due to come into full effect for all EU member states by January 2018, this is a major legislative change whose repercussions will be felt throughout the financial services industry.
Read More 

 






Did you know
Over 830,000 of the world's 3.1 million ATMs are NCR machines.
 










