







New Products at Brownells with Paul Levy ~ VIDEO  AmmolandAmmoLand Shooting Sports NewsMost Popular | Search Ammoland:  Home » Gear   New Products at Brownells with Paul Levy ~ VIDEO Video | Posted on January 3, 2017 by AmmoLand Editor Duncan Johnson  BrownellsGrinnell, Iowa –-(Ammoland.com)- Learn about the hottest new Brownells products from the best brands at the New Product Center.Hosted by Merchandise Manager Paul Levy, the videos review what’s new, and remain at the New Product Center page for several weeks. Then the videos are archived on the Brownells YouTube channel and are accessible at any time.Products in this week’s video include:1. Grayboe Rifle Stocks. Composite stocks accept Remington 700 barreled actions and give the same profile of a fiberglass McMillan A5 stock. Fully-licensed by McMillan, Grayboe stocks provide rigidity and free-float the barrel to help maximize accuracy potential. Comes with recoil pad installed, along with swivel studs for both a bipod and a sling, sold separately. Available in a wide range of colors and camo patterns to fit different barrel profiles and action lengths. Renegade stocks have a precision-rifle profile. Outlander stocks have the traditional hunting rifle profile.Grayboe Renegade Stock, Remington 700 Short Action with Badger DBM. $349 to $399 retail.Grayboe Renegade Stock, Remington 700 Long Action with Badger DBM. $349 to $399 retail.Grayboe Renegade Stock, Remington 700 BDL Short Action. $349 to 399 retail.Grayboe Outlander Stock, Remington 700 Long Action. $299 to $349 retail.2. Ultimatum Precision U300 Actions. Based on the Remington 700 pattern, U300 actions are carefully machined for maximum precision. Bolt head has a floating 3-lug design that gives positive engagement and secure lockup. Bolt heads can be quickly swapped out to fit different calibers. Short-throw bolt makes follow up shots fast and easy. Attractive styling gives a unique appearance. Works with commonly-available Remington 700 bottom metals and triggers. Comes with Picatinny rail installed for simple optics mounting. FFL required.U300 Short Action, 223 Bolt Face, #100-023-391. $998 retail.U300 Short Action, 308 Bolt Face, #100-023-392. $998 retail.U300 Short Action, Magnum Bolt Face, #100-023-393. $998 retail.3. KE Arms Glock Slides. Slides drop onto popular models of Glock pistols and have unique slide serrations and rear cut for a Trijicon RMR optic. The optic cut has a cover plate for use when an optic is not installed. Available with different patterns of serrations. Available for Gen 3 G17 and G19 pistols. Bravo has serrations on both sides of the slide. Charlie has serrations on both sides and top. Delta has complete cuts through both sides and top of the slide.Bravo G17 Slide. #100-023-175. $429.99 retail.Bravo G19 Slide. #100-023-176. $429.99 retail.Charlie G17 Slide. #100-023-177. $549 retail.Charlie G19 Slide. #100-023-178. $549 retail.Delta G17 Slide. #100-023-179. $599 retail.Delta G19 Slide. #100-023-180. $599 retail.4. Chambermax TA-1 Tactical Slide Racker (#100-023-361). Slide racker installs onto popular models of Glock pistols and gives extra grip and leverage to make slide racking fast and easy. Requires no permanent modification of the pistol, and simply replaces the factory backplate. Fits G17, G22 and similar. $32.99 retail.About BrownellsSerious About Firearms Since 1939, Brownells is the world’s leading source for guns, gun parts and accessories, ammunition, gunsmithing tools, and survival gear. With a large selection of both common and hard-to-find items, and an extensive collection of videos, articles, and gun schematics, Brownells is the expert for everything shooting-related. Committed to maintaining our great traditions, Brownells has more, does more and knows more – and guarantees it all, Forever. For more information or to place an order, call 800-741-0015 or visit Brownells.com. Stay up-to-date with Brownells on YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment  Notify me of followup comments via e-mailName * Email *    Home Page | Recent Posts | Most Popular Recent CommentsBugsy: I see a bigger issue than a holster maker field testing or people even knowing what should and should not…Wild Bill: These little four or five sentence hypotheticals are always a trap. After you give your opinion, the author lays more…Ron: DumboCrats aren't going to stop..  They have nothing to lose but the mid-term elections!!  So, if we are…HankB: So it would appear that NOBODY at the company "field tested" the holster at the range . . . hmmm.…Wild Bill: @Rob Morse, Good thoughts. We need to fight back in intellectual ways. I used to encounter the hard core, can…Editor’s PickFive Best Concealed Carry RevolversReal Avid Gun Tool Max – A Better Breed of Gun Tool ~ VIDEO ReviewBest Geissele Triggers – Reviews with Individual Trigger VIDEO DemosSmith & Wesson’s M&P 45 M2.0 Handgun – a New Big Bore CCW WeaponMagazine Loader – Video Demo & Review of Magloader, MAG Pump & CaldwellMost Popular Posts5 Best Long Range ScopesVictim Takes Armed Home-Invasion Robbers By Surprise ~ VIDEOCMP Sales of 1911s One Step Closer With House PassageTop Five Long Range Cartridges – The Best of the BestSmith & Wesson Model 27 Revolver ~ Gun Review View AllDrop A TipTip Us*Got news? Send it to AmmoLand.Email* NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. [ammoland-next-post]You May Also LikeSIG SAUER Introduces 300 Win Mag Match Grade Elite Performance AmmoGear AmmolandAmmoLand Shooting Sports NewsMost Popular | Search Ammoland:    GearAmmoland covers the latest news and announcements on gun gear, hunting and outdoor equipment for the avid shooter or hunter.  Get the latest gear reviews and product announcements on all the coolest outdoor gear, updated daily, on AmmoLand Shooting Sports News. Today is Sunday, July 23, 2017  RSS feed 2018 Can-Am Outlander Mossy Oak Hunting Edition 450/570  Posted on July 21, 2017 by HComThe Can-Am Outlander Mossy Oak Hunting Edition ATV family has grown to include additional value for 2018.Read More >>>  Frankford Arsenal Reloading Stand ~ Review, One Reloading Problem Solved  Posted on July 21, 2017July 20, 2017 by Jim ClaryDr. Clary reviews a new reloading product, the Frankford Arsenal Reloading Stand, for home ammo makers that fixes a common issue.Read More >>>  JAGDHUND Jackets Travel from Field to Fashion Seamlessly  Posted on July 20, 2017July 20, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansJAGDHUND, the Austrian-headquartered clothing line, quality and innovation, is pleased to offer U.S. consumers its exclusive line of field jackets.Read More >>>  Próis Launch New Camo Pattern Exclusively Designed for Female Hunters  Posted on July 20, 2017July 21, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansPróis Hunting & Field Apparel, manufacturers of hunting apparel designed by women hunters for women hunters, partnered with Full-Throttle Communications.Read More >>>  Safariland Expands GLS Pro-Fit Concealment Holster Series  Posted on July 20, 2017July 20, 2017 by Ammolandthe Safariland Model 571 GLS Pro-Fit Concealment Paddle Holster is a new slender fit for sub-compact pistols provides comfort and concealability.Read More >>>  Nikon Low-Light BUCKMASTERS II Riflescope Now Available  Posted on July 20, 2017July 20, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansNikon has announced that its newly-introduced BUCKMASTERS 3-9×50 Matte BDC riflescope model is now on its way to retailers’ shelves.Read More >>>  White River Knives Releases Their Brand New Always There Knife  Posted on July 20, 2017July 20, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansNew from White River Knives and Owen Baker Jr. comes the ATK. This new fixed blade knife is built for strength, light weight and lightning-quick use.Read More >>>  Go Further, Hunt Longer With Tenzing’s New TZ UC17 Upland Chaps  Posted on July 20, 2017July 20, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansThe pursuit of upland game requires bush whacking through thick cover, where thorns, brush and briars can shred the pants off any hunter.Read More >>>  Alien Gear ShapeShift Holster – Use Trial & After Action Report  Posted on July 20, 2017July 20, 2017 by John CrumpThe Alien Gear ShapeShift Holster is an awesome concept. I am glad Alien Gear is bringing modular holster systems to the forefront of the gun industry..Read More >>>  Plano Tactical Ammo Crate – Reporting For Duty  Posted on July 19, 2017July 19, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansTactical shooters need the Plano Tactical Ammo Crate, a durable, affordable ammunition box to keep all that expensive ammo, safe, dry, organized & secure.Read More >>>  LaserMax Introduces Lasers with GripSense Activation for Ruger LCP II  Posted on July 19, 2017July 19, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansLaserMax will begin offering new lasers with GripSense Activation in both Red and Green for the Ruger LCP II in late August.Read More >>>  Viridian Weapon Technologies Remain Accessory Ruger LCP II Supplier  Posted on July 19, 2017July 19, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansViridian Weapon Technologies is the only provider of sighting accessories for the Ruger LCP II—and is still the sole option for a green laser.Read More >>>  ScentLok’s Full Season Taktix Whitetail Hunting Clothing Released  Posted on July 19, 2017July 20, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansAll the time and energy spent scouting, checking trail cams and setting up stands becomes wasted the instant a rogue air current washes a misplaced scent.Read More >>>  With Styrka Dollars, Dealer Employees Save Big Bucks on Optics  Posted on July 19, 2017July 18, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansAs an employee of a retail outlet that is an authorized Styrka dealer, you can earn and use Styrka Dollars to purchase Styrka Optics.Read More >>>  Bushnell Offers Brand New Purpose-Built AR Optics  Posted on July 19, 2017July 19, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansBushnell, an industry leader in high-performance optical solutions, extended its popular AR Optics line with four additional sights.Read More >>>  ALPS OutdoorZ Introduces New Waterproof Smartphone Accessory  Posted on July 17, 2017July 18, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansALPS OutdoorZ has the perfect pack accessory for the outdoorsman/outdoorswoman who wants to keep all their gear dry yet easy to reach.Read More >>>  Caldwell Hunter’s Blind Bag Review & Recommendation  Posted on July 17, 2017July 17, 2017 by Jim ClaryDr. Jim and Mary Clary report on their results on shooting off the Caldwell Hunter’s Blind Bag.Read More >>>  Real Avid Gun Tool Max – A Better Breed of Gun Tool ~ VIDEO Review  Posted on July 17, 2017July 17, 2017 by AmmolandWhen it comes to gun care tools at the range, having everything you need in a compact form can be a difficult task. Well not anymore with the Real Avid Gun Tool Max.Read More >>>  Get The World’s Most Extensive Firearms Guide On Your Keychain  Posted on July 16, 2017July 14, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansTo keep up with changes in technology, Impressum Media Inc published the new Firearms Guide 8th Edition as a superfast Flash Drive & Online Combo.Read More >>>  Swagger Bipods Brings Steady Shooting to the Field, Stands and Blinds  Posted on July 14, 2017July 14, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansThe thump of your heart resounds in your ears and makes your jacket dance in rhythm as an Alaskan bull moose steps into the open.Read More >>>  Pennsylvania Hunters Receive Preliminary Approval For Use of Ozonics  Posted on July 14, 2017July 14, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansOzonics Hunting announce that the Pennsylvania Game Commission has given preliminary approval for the use of Ozonics for the 2017-2018 hunting season.Read More >>>  Can-Am Redesigns the Defender XT Cab Package for 2018  Posted on July 14, 2017 by HComThe redesigned Can-Am Defender XT Cab package, available with either the Rotax HD10 or HD8 engines, was optimized for enhanced quality and to create a true, fully enclosed Cab system.Read More >>>  Mark Levin’s ‘Rediscovering Americanism’  Posted on July 13, 2017 by David LimbaughAre we a self-indulgent & inattentive people, easily shepherded in one direction or another, who stole the future from our own children & generations yet born, & squandered an irreplaceable heritage?Read More >>>  Weaver Introduces Their Brand New Premium MSR Mount  Posted on July 13, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansWeaver continues its quest to produce the best mounting solutions on the market by introducing the new Premium MSR Mount.Read More >>>  Hogue Knives Introduces the EX-A05 Automatic  Posted on July 13, 2017July 13, 2017 by AmmoLand Editor Duncan JohnsonHogue Knives is pleased to announce the expansion of their automatic knife line to include new EX-A05 models.Read More >>>   Recent CommentsBugsy: I see a bigger issue than a holster maker field testing or people even knowing what should and should not…Wild Bill: These little four or five sentence hypotheticals are always a trap. After you give your opinion, the author lays more…Ron: DumboCrats aren't going to stop..  They have nothing to lose but the mid-term elections!!  So, if we are…HankB: So it would appear that NOBODY at the company "field tested" the holster at the range . . . hmmm.…Wild Bill: @Rob Morse, Good thoughts. We need to fight back in intellectual ways. I used to encounter the hard core, can…Editor’s PickFive Best Concealed Carry RevolversReal Avid Gun Tool Max – A Better Breed of Gun Tool ~ VIDEO ReviewBest Geissele Triggers – Reviews with Individual Trigger VIDEO DemosSmith & Wesson’s M&P 45 M2.0 Handgun – a New Big Bore CCW WeaponMagazine Loader – Video Demo & Review of Magloader, MAG Pump & CaldwellMost Popular Posts5 Best Long Range ScopesVictim Takes Armed Home-Invasion Robbers By Surprise ~ VIDEOCMP Sales of 1911s One Step Closer With House PassageTop Five Long Range Cartridges – The Best of the BestSmith & Wesson Model 27 Revolver ~ Gun Review View AllDrop A TipTip Us*Got news? Send it to AmmoLand.Email* NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. [ammoland-next-post]You May Also LikeReeves & Dola Launches Its Wednesday Webinar Series



No. 12 Civ. 5152. | LEVY v. A. O. SMITH WATER... | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
LEVY v. A. O. SMITH WATER PRODUCTS CO.



					 
				




								LEVY v. A. O. SMITH WATER PRODUCTS CO.
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									No. 12 Civ. 5152.
								




View Case
Cited Cases






PAUL LEVY and ROSLYN LEVY, Plaintiffs,
v.
A. O. SMITH WATER PRODUCTS CO., et al., Defendants.


United States District Court, S.D. New York.
July 13, 2012.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
 Alani Golanski, Esq. , Law Offices of Alani Golanski, Brooklyn, New York, For Plaintiffs.
 Angela Digiglio, Esq. , Kirkpatrick & Lockhart Preston Gates Ellis LLP (Lex. Ave.), New York, New York, For Defendant.





OPINION AND ORDER
SHIRA A. SCHEINDLIN, District Judge.
I. INTRODUCTION
On July 2, 2012, defendant Crane Co. ("Crane") removed this asbestos-related tort action to this Court, invoking the federal officer removal statute, section 1442(a)(1) of Title 28 of the United States Code. Plaintiffs Paul and Roslyn Levy now move to remand the suit to state court. For the reasons set forth below, plaintiffs' motion is granted.
II. BACKGROUND
On or about April 17, 2012, the Levys filed this lawsuit against Crane and many other defendants in the Supreme Court of New York, County of New York.1 In November of 2011, Paul Levy was diagnosed with lung cancer, which the Levys contend was caused by asbestos exposure.2 The Levys' claim is based on alleged exposure from asbestos-containing products, or the insulation on equipment, manufactured by the numerous named defendants, including Crane.3 They allege, more specifically, asbestos exposure during the construction and repair of naval vessels between 1951 and 1966.4 Paul Levy lists eight ships that he worked on during this period: the U.S.S. Bennington, the U.S.S. Oriskany, the U.S.S. Constellation, the U.S.S. Independence, the U.S.S. Saratoga, the L.P.D. 1 (Raleigh), the L.P.D. 4 (Austin), and the L.P.D. 5 (Ogden).5 Paul Levy worked as a pipefitter on those vessels and in the Brooklyn Navy Yard.6
The Levys allege that the above information, made available on April 24, 2012 in plaintiffs' responses to Defendants' Fourth Amended Standard Set of Interrogatories ("interrogatory responses"), is sufficient to have put Crane on notice of the removability of the action — the availability of the federal officer removal statute.7 As a result, they argue that the removal is untimely.8 Crane contends that this information was insufficient, and that Crane would have been required to assume or infer additional factual information in order for the interrogatory responses to serve as notice of removability.9 Rather, Crane suggests, the Supplemental Discovery Responses, which were served June 14, 2012, put Crane on notice of removability by alleging far more specific information including that Paul Levy had worked with Crane valves.10
III. APPLICABLE LAW
A. Section 1446(b)(3)
Under 28 U.S.C. § 1446 (b)(3),
[I]f the case stated by the initial pleading is not removable, a notice of removal may be filed within 30 days after receipt by the defendant, through service or otherwise, of a copy of an amended pleading, motion, order or other paper from which it may first be ascertained that the case is one which is or has become removable.
The Second Circuit requires that "an amended pleading . . . or other paper," from which removability may be ascertained, "`enable[] the defendant to intelligently ascertain removability from the face of such pleading.'"11 "`A pleading enables a defendant to intelligently ascertain removability when it provides the necessary facts to support the removal petition.'"12 This standard "`does not require a defendant to look beyond the . . . pleading for facts giving rise to removability.'"13
B. Federal Officer Removal
Ordinarily, the well-pleaded complaint rule dictates that a defendant may remove an action from state court to federal court only if the case could have been filed in federal court in the first instance.14 Thus federal question jurisdiction may be invoked only "`when a federal question is presented on the face of the plaintiff's properly pleaded complaint.'"15 Suits against federal officers are an exception to this general rule.16 "Under the federal officer removal statute, suits against federal officers may be removed despite the nonfederal cast of the complaint; the federal-question element is met if the defense depends on federal law."17
The federal officer removal statute provides that "[t]he United States or any agency thereof or any officer (or any person acting under that officer) of the United States or of any agency thereof, sued in an official or individual capacity for any act under color of such office" may remove to federal court.18 If the defendant moving for removal is not a federal officer or agency, three conditions must be satisfied for removal to be appropriate. First, the defendant must show that it is a "person" as that term is used in section 1442(a)(1).19 Second, the defendant must offer a colorable federal defense.20 Third, "it must establish that it was `acting under' a federal officer, which subsumes the existence of a `causal connection' between the charged conduct and asserted official authority."21 While other removal statutes are interpreted narrowly,22 the Supreme Court has emphasized that "the federal officer removal statute is not narrow or limited."23 Indeed, "the policy favoring removal `should not be frustrated by a narrow, grudging interpretation of § 1442(a)(1).'"24 Nevertheless, the Supreme Court has limited federal officer removal where a defendant claims only that it complied with federal regulations or rules issued by federal regulatory agencies.25
IV. DISCUSSION
The Levys have adequately demonstrated that notice was given to Crane of the removability of this action on April 24, 2012, and the removal is untimely. Paul Levy's interrogatory responses state that he was exposed to asbestos while working as a pipefitter on naval vessels with products manufactured by the defendants.26 These responses were sufficiently specific to put Crane on notice.27
First, Crane satisfies the personhood requirement.28 Second, the facts provided in the interrogatories give rise to a government contractor defense.29 Crane argues that it required an allegation that Paul Levy worked specifically with Crane valves.30 However, Paul Levy stated that he was "regularly (on a daily basis) exposed to asbestos during the construction and repair of naval vessels . . . [b]etween 1951 and 1966. . . ."31 The Levys list specific ships on which Paul Levy worked.32 Most significantly, the responses further provide that Paul Levy was exposed to asbestos-containing pipefitting products and insulation while working on those specific ships,33 and that named defendants manufactured such products and insulation.34 The Levys' responses provide a list of the products, which includes valves.35 These facts are sufficiently particular to apprise Crane of which products, commissioned by the Navy, were at issue.36 Third, Crane did not require any information from plaintiff to know that "Crane Co. was acting under the direction of the Navy . . . in the design, manufacture and sale of its valves for and to the Navy."37
Crane relies chiefly on Barnes v. Various Defendants (In re Asbestos Products Liability Litigation (No. VI), where the court found that removal was timely.38 Defendants removed within thirty days of plaintiff's filing of responses to special interrogatories, wherein plaintiff alleged exposure from a product manufactured by defendants.39 However, in that case, plaintiff had not named specific ships or alleged exposure to a type of product manufactured by defendant in the initial complaint.40 The complaint only stated that the decedent had been exposed to various asbestos-containing products in several locations, including a Naval shipyard.41 As such, the complaint did not provide a "nexus between Plaintiffs' claims and actions allegedly taken by Defendant under the direction of a federal officer."42 Here, the Levys have identified, in their interrogatory responses, exposure on specific ships, during a specific time period, and the type of products, including valves, which were manufactured by the named defendants, including Crane.43 As such, defendant had all the information needed to remove on April 24, 2012.
V. CONCLUSION
For the foregoing reasons, Crane's notice of removal is untimely. The Clerk of the Court is directed to close this motion (Docket No. 3), and this matter is remanded to the New York State Supreme Court for New York County.
SO ORDERED.


FootNotes 
1. See Complaint, Ex. 1 to 6/6/12 Declaration of Alani Golanski, plaintiffs' counsel ("Gol. Dec."), at 1.

2. See 4/24/12 Responses to Defendants' Fourth Amended Standard Set of Interrogatories ("Inter. Resp."), Ex. 4 to Gol. Dec., at 5.

3. See id. at 9.

4. See id. at 8.

5. See id.

6. See id. at 20.

7. See Gol. Dec. ¶ 12.

8. See id.

9. See Crane Co's Opposition to Plaintiff's Emergency Motion to Remand ("Crane Opp."), at 3.

10. See id.

11. Moltner v. Starbucks Coffee Co., 624 F.3d 34, 37 (2d Cir. 2010) (quoting Whitaker v. American Telecasting, Inc., 261 F.3d 196, 205-06 (2d Cir. 2001)).

12. See id.

13. See id.

14. See City of Rome v. Verizon Commc'ns, Inc., 362 F.3d 168, 174 (2d Cir. 2004) (citation omitted).

15. Vera v. Saks & Co., 335 F.3d 109, 113 (2d Cir. 2003) (quoting Caterpillar Inc. v. Williams, 482 U.S. 386, 392 (1987)). Accord Louisville & Nashville R.R. Co. v. Mottley, 211 U.S. 149, 152 (1908).

16. See Isaacson v. Dow Chemical Co., 517 F.3d 129, 136 (2d Cir. 2008). Accord Jefferson County v. Acker, 527 U.S. 423, 431 (1999).

17. Id.

18. 28 U.S.C. § 1442(a)(1).

19. See In re Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether ("MBTE") Prods. Liab. Litig., 488 F.3d 112, 124 (2d Cir. 2007).

20. Id. (citing Mesa v. California, 489 U.S. 121, 129 (1989)).

21. Id. (citing Willingham v. Morgan, 395 U.S. 402, 409 (1969)).

22. See California Pub. Employees' Ret. Sys. v. WorldCom, Inc., 368 F.3d 86, 100 (2d Cir. 2004).

23. Willingham, 395 U.S. at 406.

24. Arizona v. Manypenny, 451 U.S. 232, 242 (1981) (quoting Willingham, 395 U.S. at 407). Accord Durham v. Lockheed Martin Corp., 445 F.3d 1247, 1253 (9th Cir. 2006) ("Because it's so important to the federal government to protect federal officers, removal rights under section 1442 are much broader than those under section 1441.").

25. See Watson v. Philip Morris Cos., Inc., 551 U.S. 142, 153 (2007) ("A private firm's compliance (or noncompliance) with federal laws, rules, and regulations does not by itself fall within the scope of the statutory phrase "acting under" . . . that is so even if the regulation is highly detailed and even if the private firm's activities are highly supervised and monitored.").

26. See Inter. Resp. at 8-9. See also Simpson v. AWC 1997 Corp., No. 1:08 Civ. 545, 2008 WL 2884999, at *2-3 (N.D.N.Y. July 23, 2008) (determining that defendants had been put on notice of removability by interrogatory responses).

27. See Simpson, 2008 WL 2884999, at *2-3 (finding that a defendant could intelligently ascertain removability from the following facts: "(1) Plaintiff's years of employment; (2) his claim that he was injured by exposure to asbestos; (3) that his exposure to asbestos was primarily from working on submarines; (4) that he worked on specific Navy submarines; (5) that some of the asbestos exposure came from turbines; and (6) information from which [defendant] could (and actually did) determine whether it manufactured turbines on those ships for the Navy."). See also Viscosi v. American Optical Corp., No. 3:07 Civ. 1559, 2008 WL 4426884, at *6 (D. Conn. Sept. 29, 2008) (finding that removability could be ascertained from the information that a plaintiff was exposed to asbestoscontaining products while working in the Navy — during a specific time period on specified ships — and that these products were manufactured by defendants and supplied to the employers of plaintiff); Pantalone v. Aurora Pump Co., 576 F.Supp.2d 325 (D. Conn. 2008) (finding that defendant could ascertain removability from the allegations that plaintiff "was exposed to various asbestos-containing products while in the U.S. Navy, at various jobsites, at various times during the years 1951-1956," and that defendants supplied such products to plaintiff's employer).

28. See MBTE Prods. Liab. Litig., 488 F.3d at 124 ("[I]t is clear that corporations are `persons' within the meaning of [section 1442(a)(1)].").

29. See Viscosi, 2008 WL 4426884, at *6 ("To place the defendants on notice for purposes of a federal contractor defense, a document must provide `sufficiently specific facts or allegations to allow the defendant reasonably to identify the contracts through which the defense is being asserted.'") (quoting Hilbert v. McDonnell Douglas Corp., 529 F.Supp.2d 187, 194 (D. Mass. 2008)).

30. See Crane Opp. at 3.

31. Inter. Resp. at 8.

32. See id.

33. See id. at 20.

34. Id. at 9.

35. See id.

36. See Simpson, 2008 WL 2884999, at *2-3 (finding that although plaintiff did not specifically mention defendant's products, "with reasonable intelligence," defendant could conclude that its products were on the specific ships listed by the plaintiff and, as a major manufacturer of turbines, defendant "was being held responsible for exposure to asbestos in and around the turbines in the Navy submarines"). Plaintiffs do not dispute that, aside from the timeliness issue, federal officer removal is proper in this case. See Gol. Dec. ¶ 9; Crane Opp. at 4. To assert a government contractor defense, a defendant must demonstrate: (1) that "`the United States approved reasonably precise specifications' for the military equipment supplied by the contractor;" (2) that "`the equipment conformed to those specifications;'" and (3) that the defendant "`warned the United States about the dangers in the use of the equipment that were known to the [contractor] but not to the United States.'" Machnik v. Buffalo Pumps Inc., 506 F.Supp.2d 99, 102 (D. Conn. 2007) (quoting Boyle v. United Techs. Corp., 487 U.S. 500, 512 (1988).

37. Defendant Crane Co.'s Notice of Removal, Ex. 3 to Gol. Dec., ¶ 10.

38. See 770 F.Supp.2d 736 (E.D. Pa. 2011).

39. See id. at 740.

40. See id.

41. See id.

42. Id.

43. See Inter. Resp. at 9, 20.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us
















 






























 Essay on Paul Levy - Beth Isreal - 4099 Words




 





 
  












StudyMode - Premium and Free Essays, Term Papers & Book Notes         



Essays
Resource Center














                    Sign Up
                





                    Sign In
                










 





  





            Sign Up




            Sign In



 
















Products

Home
 Essays
Answers
Texty

About

Company
Legal
Site Map
Contact Us
Advertise






©2017 StudyMode.com
















Exclusive






Home > 
Essays > 
Paul Levy - Beth Isreal




Paul Levy - Beth Isreal

Only available on StudyMode                



Topic:
Decision making,                                                                                         Kansas City Chiefs 

Pages                                    : 11                                (4099 words                                )
                            




Download(s)                                    : 19453 
Published                                    : June 9, 2008



Open Document                    →  
Save to my library


                                            Please sign up to read full document.                                    










Text Preview













                                    PAUL LEVY CASE ANALYSIS

Levy Makes an Impression even before He’s Hired
We first must analyze the decision process and execution of Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center (BIDMC) to hire Paul Levy as CEO.  The hospital was in desperate need of a competent leader who possessed the qualities that would turn around and save the not-for-profit company.  In comparing the situation faced by BIDMC with Groysberg’s “Are Leaders Portable?” article, it becomes clear Levy possesses many “portable” qualities.  Through the political frame we can see Levy has many political ties within the Boston area which making him a well respected and recognizable figure.  The numerous connections he has within the area along with being familiar with Boston policies and practices gives him a high level of experience that will be helpful in revitalizing the hospital.  This can be seen in the initial stages of the hiring process when Levy uses his relationship with the Attorney General to convey his feelings towards keeping the hospital a not-for-profit organization.

Levy’s reign at BIDMC as CEO started months before he had even been officially hired to run the company.  He gave the board of directors three demands that would need to be carried out if he were to be hired; (1) the board would be removed from the day to day operation, (2) the board would be reduced to 15-18 members, and (3) he would have to be in the job in the first week of January.  Each of these demands are very effective forms of leadership as seen through the political and symbolic frames.  He establishes himself as strong-handed leader with the power to be the deciding force in decision making.  It gives Levy the upper hand in the struggle for power with the board even before he is ever offered the position.  Also, symbolically, this shows all employees and the board of directors he is going to be a powerful leader.  Levy’s demands could have been symbolically taken negatively by employees and the board as arrogant, but the risk actually paid off as these strategic demands set the stage for how he would eventually run BIDMC.

A New Leader Dealing With Layoffs
With the Hunter Report calling for 500-700 layoffs in order to turn the tide at BIMDC, Levy was put into a very tough position at the start of his term as CEO.  When he was first asked to discuss the layoffs publically, Levy had a “eureka” moment which ended up being very helpful in establishing himself as a leader.  He said the 150 nurses who were recommended to be laid off would be kept on because BIDMC prides itself in providing the highest quality of care.  Symbolically, this showed BIDMC employees he was already making decisions regarding the strategic overhaul of the company.  He wasn’t just coming in as a new leader to only implement the consultants’ plan; he was going to personally integrate his own decisions to turn around the hospital.  He also an introductory message, which through the human resource frame, can be seen as an attempt to be honest with employees about the layoffs.  While he recognizes BIDMC needs to carry out these layoffs he still acknowledges that people and organizations need each other.  He says BIDMC will be left with a group of highly talented people and this tactic hopefully lets the remaining staff know they will be needed and a good relationship will benefit them and the organization.

Levy needs to get everyone remaining after the layoffs to be completely on board with the new plan and does so by releasing the Hunter Report on the Intranet.  Through the human resource frame we can see Levy is empowering his employees by giving them information and encouraging autonomy and participation.  This is a very effective leadership tactic, especially after massive layoffs, because it helps employees to feel more secure about their job while directly involving them in the new processes.  By sending out another message in the following week to “lift the spirits” of remaining employees, Levy...                                







    Show More 
        

Please sign up to read full document.














YOU MAY ALSO FIND THESE DOCUMENTS HELPFUL









                                                Paul Levy Essay                                            

...Paul Levy’s strong transformational leadership style facilitated Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center (BIDMC) from ailing to thriving. The organization faced many dire issues including financial crisis, poor quality of patient care, and low staff morale. This grim outlook required a strong transformational leader. Levy displayed all the characteristics of a powerful and effective leader by embracing intellectual stimulation, individual
 consideration, and charisma which enabled him to lead them through the crisis. 

Levy was able to inspire the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center staff by clearly presenting the hospitals challenges and seeking out different viewpoints to solve them.  He was able to intellectually stimulate the employees which served to enlighten and motivate them to save the medical center.  Levy demonstrated this fundamental characteristic very clearly during the first month of his tenure by posting the Hunter Report to the company intranet.  The Hunter report was an outside consultant’s objective overview of the medical centers financial status. By posting it to the website he encouraged intellectual thought about the current state of the BIDMC from all levels of the team. 
 
Managements openness was rewarded as over 300 email responses were received, with each being reviewed by senior management and responded to directly by Levy.  He was able to gain...


962                                                 Words |
                                            3                                                 Pages











                                                Paul Levy Essay                                            

...How would you describe the situation Levy inherited at the BIDMC? What challenges did he face? Why did previous turnaround efforts fail? (4 points)

Two unique corporate cultures, Beth Israel Hospital and Deaconess Hospital merged in 1996 to become Beth Israel Deaconess (BID). To compete with Partners, BID and a few other hospitals combined forces and formed Care Group Systems (CGS). Lacking leadership commitment, BID was in chaos and
 consistently posted operating losses in millions of dollars per year. Additionally, although advised on numerous occasions, BID was inept in implementing restructuring plans and consequently had excessive employee turnover, which resulted in poor patient care.

Succinct and expert advice to reorganize BID was never implemented. Although BID would agree to change, execution was postponed or disregarded due to the myriad level of management and bureaucratic processes within each department, which appeared to function independently of one another. Unable to move forward, management was locked in mental prisons. Groupthink was common practice for making essential business decisions, which resulted in escalation of commitment in continuing past practices and refusal to accept recommended changes. BID could be referred to as egocentric as the organization maintained the status quo. 
		
As President and CEO, Levy was expected to create a rapid turnaround of the deteriorating financial...


1710                                                 Words |
                                            6                                                 Pages











                                                Paul Levy Deaconess CS Essay                                            

...﻿
Case Study

“Paul Levy: Taking Charge of the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center”

April 26, 2015


Jose Joe Rodriguez 
HSM 500 Management & Organizational Theory & Practice
































Situation

Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, located in the heart of Boston's academic medical area, is a 513-bed hospital noted for its high-class academic medical center that was known not only for the quality of its
 research and teaching, but especially for its quality of care. The flux of hospital mergers in its area in an already competitive market place, forced Beth Israel hospital to also find partners in order to compete. As a result, BI merged with Deaconess Hospital along with a few others in order to create The Care Group System.  While the concept was to team up and create a profitable , efficient and great care environment, the merger only created a spiraled downfall in operations and care resulting in substantial loss of money. It turned into a disastrous merger.
Questions

1. Why did BI merge with Deaconess, despite knowing financial and philosophical differences would be an impossible challenge?
2. In such a large merger, why was clinical operations much more important to lead and process with than financial integration?
3. Why despite all the changes, was there no buy in for change?



Hypothesis

Problem Statement: Cost pressures stemming from a recent financial crisis and...


876                                                 Words |
                                            4                                                 Pages











                                                Isreal Essay                                            

...Israel
For centuries Israel has been a place for spiritual enlightenment as well as a country at war with itself. Located in the Middle East, bordering the Mediterranean Sea between Egypt and Lebanon, it is only slightly larger than New Jersey. This tiny little country has a big problem that is still going on today, and in order to understand the present, one has to look to the past. During World War II Israel was under British rule, then when the war ended they withdrew there mandate
 from Israel. The UN ended up partitioning the area into Arab and Jewish states (Image 1-1) the Arabs rejected the idea. And in retaliation Arab leaders in Israel planned a Jihad, a holy war, against Israel and encouraged the Arabs to leave Israel promising their return after they purge the land of Jews, A promise that still hasn’t been fulfilled. 
These events sparked a war between Israelis and Arabs, the Israelites ended up defeating the Arabs, but it was far from the end of the war. Just as the Arabs were pushed out of Israel, during the 1940’s to the 1950’s nearly all the Jews had to flee from Arab countries to avoid persecution and pogroms. The number of Jewish refugees from Arab countries is estimated to be a million (according to Israel Science and Technology). This conflict or war, whatever you may call it is basically a giant custody battle for land, or a the institute of Middle East Understanding says, “The Palestinian-Israeli conflict is, in essence, a conflict over territory....


1245                                                 Words |
                                            4                                                 Pages











                                                paul Essay                                            

...﻿THE ASPIRIN ESSAY
Write an essay as fully as you can in your own words, the websites shown below contain the information that you need to complete the essay.  The information shown below must be present in your essay
The impact of an organisation on society is important; the candidates in-depth study needs to
include how the candidates’ chosen organisation:
 contributes to the economy;
 manages its waste materials;
 uses ICT in data management;
 controls energy consumption;

makes demands on transport and communication systems;
 effects on the community and the environment;
 impacts in terms of employment;
 manages relevant costs (if available);
 benefits our society (include local, national and global if possible).
http://www.madehow.com/Volume-1/Aspirin.html

http://www.rsc.org/education/teachers/learnnet/pdf/LearnNet/rsc/Aspirin_full.pdf

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dr._Reddy's_Laboratories

http://www.drreddys.com/media/pdf/FactSheet.pdf


http://www.drreddys.com/sustainability/index.html

use the link abpve and explore the tabs at the top after skipping the introduction you will find the information you need
you need to discuss how Dr Reddys copes with waste, energy and how the Dr Reddy foundation helps with education and the wider society
some information will be useful about how aspirin is made in the introduction

http://www.inkakinada.com/list/dr-reddy-s-foundation
The essay is more about how Dr. Reddies copes with producing...


932                                                 Words |
                                            3                                                 Pages











                                                Paul Levy Multi Media Essay                                            

...Paul Levy:  Taking Charge of the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center

How would you describe the situation Levy inherited?

The Beth Israel Hospital and Deaconess Hospital were consolidated and became Beth Israel Deaconess (BID) in 1996.  BID operated under the Care Group Systems (CGS), which was an affiliation of some Boston-area hospitals.  The BID hospital system was in anarchy.  There were
 significant operating losses, amounting to millions of dollars each year.  BID management seemed incapable of implementing turnaround plans.  The hospital experienced tremendous employee turnover and suffered from poor patient care.
The old hierarchical structure continued in the new BID.  There were layers of management with bureaucratic processes.  Each department seemed to run independently of one another.  Managers and chiefs were in psychic prisons as they seemed unable to move forward.  Things remained as they always had, with no room for change.  The board made decisions on a group-think basis, using past practices because of an inability to accept the changes that had been recommended.  The organization could be called egocentric with its fixed idea of who it is and the unspoken need to remain the same old BI hospital. 
Recommendations for a turnaround plan were never implemented successfully.  Management would agree to implement change, but plans for change were often postponed or...


3608                                                 Words |
                                            10                                                 Pages











                                                Essay on Pauls Prision Letters                                            

...﻿




Paul's Prison Letters
Nikolette Arnold
Letourneau University









Paul's Prison Letters
	In a letter of Paul to the Philippians, the messenger of the Lord Paul who was also a prisoner at that very time was addressing a situation in the Philippians that called for the community effort. Paul was trying to insist that the Philippians Christians were supposed to humble themselves and become a community that was responsible for one another.
 There was a problem with the social classes of people at that time where people belonged to different social groupings, and that is why Paul decided to bring about the need for togetherness irrespective of the social groupings. At that time that Paul was writing a letter to the Philippians, he was a prisoner together with Silas, who was a core laborer (Allen, 2007). In as much as Paul was not an alien to the Roman Empire, he accepted to be imprisoned and to be flogged something that was not acceptable by the Romans to the Roman citizens but he decided to hide his identity as a native. At that time the people at Philippians would not accept to do such, they would easily reveal their identity to avoid the problems (Hellerman, 2010).
	At that time, Paul was trying to introduce the Judaism religion that was Christianity to the Gentiles. He never intended to be understood differently by the Philippians, and that was the reason that made him...


1446                                                 Words |
                                            6                                                 Pages











                                                Paul Research Paper                                            

...WANEM BIZI This case demonstrates the importance of relationships between organizations in the workplace. It is important for a company to build and maintain a positive relationship with its suppliers and customers in order to be successful.   In the case Why is cooperation so hard, the owner of the company Technologia, Armando Bronaldo, faces a challenge in which he believes the relationship between him and his customer, AUD is overbalanced and more in favor of the customer.   Technologia
 is a fairly newer company and it supplies sound translation components to other companies that manufacture sound equipment. AUD is currently accountable for 50 percent of Technologia’s business.   AUD was a big contract for Technologia when they first started and Bronaldo made sure to accommodate each and every request of the customers. However, the problem that exists now is that Bronaldo and the CEO of AUD, Richards are not in favor of the relationship that exists today. It seems as if over the years, the relationship between the two companies has drifted apart. Bronaldo admits that he did go out of his way to please Richards when the company first started for business needs. Now, he feels that Richards is taking advantage of that fact and is only focusing on his needs and profits throughout the entire relationship. Of course Richards is content with how business is running among the two companies and does not understand the need for change. 
I believe the major problem in this case...


331                                                 Words |
                                            1                                                 Pages








POPULAR ESSAYS


What Is Artistic Creativity?
Fences, Play by August Wilson: Review of The Main Character, Troy
Family Essay
Management Essay
Laws of war Essay
Linton Kwesi Johnson Essay
Plan Essay
Rapping Essay






 






×Close




Share this Document






Please enter an email address:
 







   

 









Cancel
Send












Join millions of other students and start your research
Become a StudyMode Member

            SIGN UP - IT's FREE
        


Have a great research document you think will help inspire other StudyMode members?
Share your document

                Upload Now
            


Get full access to more research and tools for only $0.33/day
Upgrade your Membership

                GET PREMIUM
            







Products




                    Premium Essays                  





                    AP Notes                  





                    Book Notes                  





                    Writing Tips                  





Study Tools





                    iOS App                  






                    Android App                  





                    Citation Generator                  





Company




                    About Us                  





                    Blog                  





                    Contact Us                  





                    Help / FAQ                  





                    Jobs                  





                    Internship                  





                    Student Brands                  





Follow





                    Facebook                  






                    Twitter                  






                    Google+                  


 


 
                
                ©2017 StudyMode.com                      
                
            Legal          

            Site Map          

            Advertise          









More great study tools:
  


{"hostname":"studymode.com","essaysImgCdnUrl":"\/\/images-study.netdna-ssl.com\/pi\/","useDefaultThumbs":true,"defaultThumbImgs":["\/\/stm-study.netdna-ssl.com\/stm\/images\/placeholders\/default_paper_1.png","\/\/stm-study.netdna-ssl.com\/stm\/images\/placeholders\/default_paper_2.png","\/\/stm-study.netdna-ssl.com\/stm\/images\/placeholders\/default_paper_3.png","\/\/stm-study.netdna-ssl.com\/stm\/images\/placeholders\/default_paper_4.png","\/\/stm-study.netdna-ssl.com\/stm\/images\/placeholders\/default_paper_5.png"],"thumb_default_size":"160x220","thumb_ac_size":"80x110","isPayOrJoin":false,"essayUpload":false,"site_id":1,"autoComplete":false,"isPremiumCountry":false,"userCountryCode":"US","logPixelPath":"\/\/www.smhpix.com\/pixel.gif","tracking_url":"\/\/www.smhpix.com\/pixel.gif","cookies":{"unlimitedBanner":"off"},"essay":{"essayId":33212704,"categoryName":null,"categoryParentId":null,"currentPage":1,"format":"text","pageMeta":{"text":{"startPage":1,"endPage":11,"pageRange":"1-11","totalPages":11}},"access":"premium","title":"Paul Levy - Beth Isreal","additionalIds":[],"additional":[],"loadedPages":{"html":[],"text":[1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11]}},"user":null,"canonicalUrl":"http:\/\/www.studymode.com\/essays\/Paul-Levy-Beth-Isreal-152957.html","pagesPerLoad":50,"userType":"member_guest","ct":10,"ndocs":"1,500,000","pdocs":"6,000","cc":"10_PERCENT_1MO_AND_6MO","signUpUrl":"https:\/\/www.studymode.com\/signup\/","joinUrl":"https:\/\/www.studymode.com\/join","payPlanUrl":"\/checkout\/pay","upgradeUrl":"\/checkout\/upgrade","freeTrialUrl":"https:\/\/www.studymode.com\/signup\/?redirectUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.studymode.com%2Fcheckout%2Fpay%2Ffree-trial\u0026bypassPaymentPage=1","showModal":"get-access","showModalUrl":"https:\/\/www.studymode.com\/signup\/?redirectUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.studymode.com%2Fjoin","joinFreeUrl":"\/essays\/?newuser=1","siteId":1,"facebook":{"clientId":"306058689489023","version":"v2.9","language":"en_US"}}



















 






with Paul Levy | Awaken in the Dream































































 



































Paul Being Interviewed on Gaia TVPosted on April 5, 2017 by Paul • 2 Comments
Click to see preview video
What Would C.G. Jung Say about Donald Trump

(link to full article)
The great doctor of the soul and modern day alchemist C. G.Jung was so far ahead of his time that, more than half a century after his death, he is still barely appreciated. Jung was a genius who had incredibly deep insight into the nature of the psyche, particularly how it informs and gives shape to what plays out in our world. I find myself wondering, what would Jung say about the madness currently playing out in our world if he were alive today? I can only imagine. Jung was of the opinion that “Active Imagination,” a process in which we actively dialogue and have it out with the figures of our unconscious, was the most powerful practice he had ever come across for working with—and integrating—the unconscious. I find myself wondering, what if I were to do active imagination with Jung himself?…[more]
Book Release for Awakened by Darkness
(Filmed at Powell’s City of Books - Portland, OR - Monday, January 18)

Recent Interview with Paul


Click here to see the full interview.
Liberating the Ancestors
(link to full article)

What follows is an inquiry into the nature of life and who we are, not by contemplating life before we die, but by imagining life after death … [more]
Rebirth in an Age of Polarization
(link to full article)
At the present moment our country—and our world—are insanely polarized. If humanity is seen as a single macro-organism, it is as if there is a primordial dissociation—a split—deep within its very source. Our species is suffering from what the great doctor of the soul C. G. Jung calls a “sickness of dissociation,” which is a state of fragmentation deep within the collective unconscious itself that has seemingly spilled outside of our skulls and has taken the form of collective events playing themselves out en masse on the world stage. Jung writes, “And just as for the individual a time of dissociation is a time for sickness, so it is in the life of nations. We can hardly deny that ours is a time of dissociation and sickness.” And yet, everything in our world has at least two sides, which is to say that our sickness of dissociation is not solely pathological. To quote Jung, “the sickness of dissociation in our world is at the same time a process of recovery, or rather, the climax of a period of pregnancy which heralds the throes of birth. A time of dissociation … is simultaneously an age of rebirth”…[more]
Illuminating Dark Times
(link to full article)
We are truly living in dark times. More accurately, we are living in times where the darkness is emerging from hiding in the shadows and is becoming visible. It is easy and very seductive to become overwhelmed with pessimism, despair and depression during these times of darkness, which would sadly be to unwittingly feed and collude with the darkness. And yet, to quote a popular saying on the French left, “the hour calls for optimism; we’ll save pessimism for better times”… [more]

Healing Our Collective Sickness
Drawing by Paul Levy
In these uncertain, crazy, polarizing and scary times we live in, one thing I think everyone can agree on is this: if viewed as a single macro-organism, humanity has fallen ill. With the ascension of Donald Trump onto the highest throne of political power on planet earth, some of us might feel that the sickness is finally going to be called out, illumined and healed, while others feel that Trump and his administration are themselves the current purveyors, lineage holders and embodiments of the sickness. Either way, the fact that humanity is not well—afflicted with some sort of disorder—is something that I think we can all agree upon; this might be a good starting point for our inquiry. The obvious question: What is the nature of this deeper sickness that is pulsing through the veins of humanity? In contemplating this very question, philosopher John McMurtry, author of the brilliant book The Cancer Stage of Capitalism, refers to the “Great Sickness” that pervades our modern day capitalist system as having all of the hallmark qualities of cancer. Using a whole systems approach, he is pointing out that the diagnosis of cancer precisely maps onto a macro-analysis of our current body politic, which is to say that what is happening collectively in our world can be recognized to be a form of cancer.
Click here for short, condensed version of article
Click here for full, in-depth version of article
Are We Humans Terminally Insane or Just Waking Up?
(Link to full article)
How does anyone possibly express in words the state of collective madness that humanity has fallen into at this time in our history? As if in a hypnotic trance, our species is enacting a mass ritual suicide on a global scale, rushing as fast as we can towards our own self-destruction. We are destroying the biospheric life-support systems of the planet in so many different ways that it is as if we are determined to make this suicide attempt work—using a variety of methods as a perverse insurance policy, in case a couple of them don’t do the job. What modern-day humanity is confronted with, to quote the author and Trappist monk Thomas Merton, is “a crisis of sanity first of all.” In trying to find a way to write about this state of affairs, I find myself going “off-planet,” imagining what it would look like if some enlightened aliens, in their travels throughout the universe, came upon our planet. Observing from a distance, they would naturally see all the various living beings who call planet earth home as related members of one larger organism—a single eco-system—who literally depend upon each other for survival. From this vantage point, I imagine, they would be utterly baffled at why human beings—the seemingly most intelligent species ever to appear on planet earth—are acting out their destructive impulses practically without restraint in every corner of the globe. Contemplating the state of humanity, I imagine these awakened beings wondering, “What in the world has gotten into them?”…[more]
Quantum Rainbows
(link to full article)
(An excerpt from Paul’s upcoming book,
The Quantum Revelation: A Modern-Day Spiritual Treasure)
The appearance of a rainbow is made up of the interaction of raindrops, sunlight and our consciousness. By itself—from its own side—a rainbow has no existence in our universe prior to being observed. This is to say that there is no intrinsic, independent, objective rainbow that exists separate from the observing consciousness. Being a function of our observation, if no one were there observing it, there would be no rainbow. There is no physical rainbow existing somewhere out there in space; the rainbow is only to be found within—and not separate from—the very mind that is observing it. The highest Buddhist teachings—and now quantum physics—says that our physical universe is similar in this regard to a rainbow…[more]
History in the Making at Standing Rock
(link to full article)
Every now and then an event happens in our world that captures my imagination, touching something really deep within me. The Native American protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) at Standing Rock, North Dakota is just such an event. This has the feeling of a truly seminal, historic event in which we are all invited to participate. The peaceful protests by what are known as the “water protectors” against a multi-billion dollar corporation putting an oil pipeline through what the Native Americans consider sacred land, endangering the source of their water—i.e., of life itself—is a deeply symbolic event with real life consequences. In a very real sense, the protest is itself a sacred ceremony being performed on the world stage, being done on behalf of all of humanity – which is to say, all of us…[more]
Lucid-Dreaming Quantum Physics
(link to full article)
(An excerpt from Paul’s upcoming book, The Quantum Revelation: A Modern-Day Spiritual Treasure)
When quantum physics was first formulated in the early part of the twentieth century, it was during a time of great collective asleep-ness. Quantum physics’ creation/discovery can be seen as an inkling of a burgeoning awakening in the collective unconscious, expressed through the realm of science. The process that quantum physics is articulating regarding how an observer/participant evokes (i.e., “dreams up”) reality is generally unfolding unconsciously in most humans, which is to say most of us in the waking dream of life are dreaming non-lucidly. A question that naturally arises is what would happen as more of us become increasingly aware of the world-shaping creative power that we are wielding, which is to say how would things change as we wake up to our powers of quantum creation? How would an amplification of our awareness of our powers of quantum creation affect these very powers as we are more and more consciously using them? Like quantum physics reflects back to us, oftentimes asking the right question is more important than finding the right answer…[more]
The Enlightened Madness of Philip K. Dick: The Black Iron Prison and Wetiko
(link to full article)
Recently, I have been delighted to learn that the science fiction author Philip K. Dick (henceforth PKD) was, in his own completely unique and “Philip K. Dickian” way describing wetiko—the psycho-spiritual disease that afflicts our species—to a T. Considered to be one of the pre-eminent sci-fi writers of his—or any—time, PKD had one of the most unique, creative, unusual and original minds I have ever come across. Way ahead of his time, he was a true visionary and seer, possibly even a prophet. To say that PKD had an unfettered imagination is an understatement of epic proportions—it is hard to imagine an imagination more unrestrained. Continually questioning everything, he was actually a very subtle thinker whose prime concern was the question “What is reality?” Though mainly a writer of fiction, PKD didn’t consider himself a novelist, but rather, a “fictionalizing philosopher,” by which he meant that his stories—what have been called “his wacky cauldron of science fiction and metaphysics”—were employed as the medium for him to formulate his perceptions. In other words, his fiction was the way he was trying to figure out what was going on in this crazy world of ours, as well as within his own mind. As the boundary dissolved between what was real and what wasn’t, he even wondered whether he had become a character in one of his own novels (in his own words, “I’m a protagonist from one of PKD’s books”). Through his writing, PKD tapped into the shamanic powers of language to shape, bend and alter consciousness, thereby changing our view and experience of reality itself…[more]
Writing Magic
(link to full article)

When we recognize that we live in a magic-filled universe, we realize that we don’t have to create magic, but rather, simply allow the intrinsic magic of the universe to reveal itself. If this is indeed the case, let’s do an experiment, and see if in the joint co-operative venture of writing (my job) and reading (your job) this article, we can indeed let the inherent magic of the universe shine through our shared endeavor. In my career as a writer I have learned that when an article I am working on is birthing itself into form, at a certain point the universe itself always seems to step in and “conspire” (which literally means “to breathe together”) with the article, infusing it with an energy that I am not able to supply by my lonesome self…[more]   
When the Most Awake Among Us Fall Asleep: 
Marc Gafni, His Supporters and Wetiko
(link to full article)
In early 2016 a controversy swirling around a charismatic spiritual teacher with a long history of abuse allegations grabbed my attention due to its over-the-top craziness. The more deeply I investigated the situation the more my mind was blown. The teacher’s name is Marc Gafni and he has attracted a remarkable number of renowned leaders defending him as well as many major figures condemning him. A recent spate of publicity, including a 2015 Christmas day article in the New York Times, has brought this situation, to evoke the Academy Award winning movie, into the “spotlight” … [more]
The Mind Parasites of Colin Wilson:
Fiction or Reality?
(link to full article)
It should get our attention that every person or group of people that have discovered what the Native American people called wetiko unanimously consider it to be the most important topic—there’s not even any competition—to understand in our world today. In addition to independent researchers like myself, many artists have also been creatively and imaginatively expressing the insidious workings of wetiko psychosis in a wide variety of mediums. Oftentimes creative artists are the canaries in the coal-mine of humanity’s psyche, presciently giving communicable form to what is emerging within the collective unconscious of our species. To use one example: Colin Wilson, in “the supernatural metaphysical cult thriller” The Mind Parasites, first published in 1967, is using the fictive power of the literary imagination to give living form to this virus of the mind. I am so accustomed to writing about wetiko “non-fictionally,” that the idea of approaching it through the made-up medium of fiction, i.e., through creative art that isn’t as “serious” as nonfiction, opens up new orders of freedom within my soul. Wetiko can be likened to a “bug” that hampers the creative imagination—potentially even “killing” it, if it’s even possible to talk in such fatalistic terms about imagination—which is to say that it makes sense to use the creative imagination as a way of dealing with its imagination-killing effects…. [more]

Paul on On the Block Radio
On February 24th, Paul was interviewed by Andrew Gurevich for On the Block Radio. To visit the On the Block page for this interview with Paul: click here. To listen to the interview at SoundCloud: click here.

Quantum Meta-Physics

The discoveries of quantum physics throw physicists back upon themselves. To quote physicist Freeman Dyson, “My message is that science is a human activity, and the best way to understand it is to understand the individual human beings who practice it.” Quantum physics’ realizations about the nature of elementary particles are a magic mirror reflecting something back to us not just about nature, but about our nature. It is in this sense that quantum physics becomes indistinguishable from a form of metaphysics. To quote Erwin Schrödinger, one of the founding fathers of quantum physics, “I consider science an integrating part of our endeavor to answer the one great philosophical question which embraces all others, the one that Plotinus expressed by his brief: who are we? And more than that: I consider this not only one of the tasks, but the task, of science, the only one that really counts.” … [more]
Interview: On the Road to the Olympia Sync Summit

Quantum Physics: The Physics of Dreaming

For the last few months, all I’ve wanted to do is to read about quantum physics. I’ve been studying quantum physics off and on for decades, but have never gone as far down the rabbit hole as I have this time. It feels like I’ve gone through the looking glass to the point of no return. The more I contemplate what quantum physics is telling us, the more my mind gets blown into phantasmal traces of nonexistent subatomic particles. Studying quantum theory is like ingesting a mind-altering, time-release psychedelic. Taking in what quantum physics is revealing to us about the universe we inhabit is “psycho-activating” beyond belief, in that it activates the psyche, inspires the imagination and synchronistically dissolves the boundary between mind and matter. To say that quantum physics is the greatest scientific discovery of all time is not an exaggeration; its profound revelations and implications cannot be overstated. In discovering the quantum, physics has indisputably encountered consciousness, there is simply no avoiding this fact. Quantum theory demands a radical re-visioning of the role that consciousness plays in the unfolding of reality. Quantum physics is pointing out, in unequivocal terms, that the study of the universe and the study of consciousness are inseparably linked, and that ultimate progress in the one will be impossible without progress in the other…[more]

Dispelling Wetiko: Book Release at Powell’s Books

Interview: Portland Television Show “TV Set”

O World Project Interview



Homage to the Creative SpiritPosted on October 28, 2013 by Paul • 12 Comments
WARNING: THIS ARTICLE IS DESIGNED TO ACTIVATE
THE CREATIVE SPIRIT. PROCEED AT YOUR OWN RISK.
After my first year of college, I remember wanting to take some time off so that I could figure out what I wanted to do with my life. I had always been a good student, and my parents had high hopes and dreams for my success, so the last thing they wanted was for me to take time off from school. Remembering that as a little kid I used to love to draw, they suggested that maybe I wanted to take an art class, hoping that this might keep me in school.… Read moreThe Battle for our AngelPosted on August 12, 2013 by Paul • 7 CommentsThere is a particularly powerful practice in the Islamic tradition that was specially crafted so as to dissolve the pernicious effects of what the Native Americans call “wetiko[i]” (a word which, simply put, refers to the spirit of evil). Similar to the way we reflect upon images in a dream and discover their symbolic nature, in esoteric mystical Islam, the practice of “ta’wil” is designed to transmute the sensory data of the physical world into symbols, transfiguring the world, as well as ourselves in the process.… Read more


The Masters of DeceptionPosted on June 30, 2013 by Paul • 13 CommentsA few days before my interview on Why Shamanism Now? Internet Radio Show, I received an email from the well-known anthropologist, author and shamanic practitioner Hank Wesselman. He mentioned that what I am calling “wetiko” the Hawaiian kahuna tradition was also familiar with, and called these mind parasites the “‘e‘epa.” He mentioned that he talks about these archon-like entities in his latest book The Bowl of Light: Ancestral Wisdom from a Hawaiian Shaman, which I immediately went out and bought.… Read moreThe Kabbalah’s Remarkable IdeaPosted on April 4, 2013 by Paul • 15 CommentsDuring the question and answer period for the book release of my new book Dispelling Wetiko: Breaking the Curse of Evil, someone asked what was I going to write about next. Without having to blink, I responded “Kabbalah,” which is considered to be one of the most profound spiritual and intellectual movements in all of human history. Soon after the publication of my book I had discovered, much to my surprise, that the Kabbalah had a similarly radical view on many of the things I had written about, particularly the nature and role of evil in the cosmic drama.… Read more


The Wounded Healer, Part 1Posted on July 15, 2009 by Paul • 16 CommentsOne of the deeper, underlying archetypal patterns which is being constellated in the human psyche that is playing itself out collectively on the world stage is the archetype of the “wounded healer.” To quote Kerenyi, a colleague of Jung who elucidated this archetype, the wounded healer refers psychologically to the capacity “to be at home in the darkness of suffering and there to find germs of light and recovery with which, as though by enchantment, to bring forth Asclepius, the sunlike healer.” The archetype of the wounded healer reveals to us that it is only by being willing to face, consciously experience and go through our wound do we receive its blessing.… Read moreUnlived LivesPosted on April 22, 2009 by Paul • 17 CommentsA little while ago, someone forwarded me an interesting email response to an article I had written about the collective madness which has befallen our species (The article, called The Madness of George W. Bush: A Reflection of our Collective Psychosis, is the first chapter in my book of the same name). The response was from well-known author Alice Miller, author of the classic book The Drama of the Gifted Child. I was most happy that such an esteemed psychiatrist would take the time to read my work.… Read more


The Sacred Art of AlchemyPosted on April 15, 2009 by Paul • 13 CommentsMuch to his astonishment, C. G. Jung discovered that the ancient art of alchemy was describing, in symbolic language, the journey that all of us must take towards embodying our own intrinsic wholeness, what he called the process of “individuation.” As Jung wrote, “I had very soon seen that analytical psychology [the psychology Jung developed] coincided in a most curious way with alchemy. The experiences of the alchemists, were, in a sense, my experiences, and their world was my world. This was, of course, a momentous discovery.… Read moreCatching the Bug of SynchronicityPosted on August 12, 2008 by Paul • 39 CommentsSynchronicities are those moments of “meaningful coincidence” when the boundary dissolves between the inner and the outer. At the synchronistic moment, just like a dream, our internal, subjective state appears, as if materialized in, as and through the outside world. Touching the heart of our being, synchronicities are moments in time in which there is a fissure in the fabric of what we have taken for reality and there is a bleed through from a higher dimension outside of time. Synchronicities are expressions of the dreamlike nature of reality, as they are moments in time when the timeless, dreamlike nature of the universe shines forth its radiance and openly reveals itself to us, offering us an open doorway to lucidity.… Read more


As Viewed, So AppearsPosted on April 21, 2005 by Paul • 6 CommentsLife is just a dream. It is not like a dream, it is a dream and nothing other than a dream.
~Detong Choyin
The word “Buddha” literally means “one who has awakened to the dream-like nature of reality.” The Buddha wasn’t teaching that this universe was like a dream, he was pointing out that our universe IS a dream, a waking dream we are collaboratively dreaming up into materialization. The Buddha prophesized that an even greater incarnation than himself would soon be born whose name would be PadmaSambhava.… Read moreSpiritual EmergencePosted on August 10, 1996 by Paul • 76 CommentsIn 1981 I was sitting in meditation when, just for an instant, a bolt of lightning flashed through my mind. I began acting so unlike my normal self that a friend brought me to a hospital, afraid I was going crazy. Though I was let out of that hospital after three days, the experiences that began to unfold were so overwhelming that I was hospitalized a number of other times during that first year. I was diagnosed as having had a severe psychotic break and was told that I had a chemical imbalance and had manic-depressive illness.… Read more


Paul Being Interviewed on Gaia TVPosted on April 18, 2017 by Paul • 1 Comment
Click to see preview video… Read moreWhat Would C.G. Jung Say about Donald Trump?Posted on April 4, 2017 by Paul • 33 Comments
The great doctor of the soul and modern day alchemist C. G. Jung was so far ahead of his time that, more than half a century after his death,[1] he is still barely appreciated. Jung was a genius who had incredibly deep insight into the nature of the psyche, particularly how it informs and gives shape to what plays out in our world. I find myself wondering, what would Jung say about the madness currently playing out in our world if he were alive today?… Read more


Liberating the AncestorsPosted on March 22, 2017 by Paul • 14 Comments
What follows is an inquiry into the nature of life and who we are, not by contemplating life before we die, but by imagining life after death.
As an only child, I had a wonderfully close and loving relationship with my mother, who loved me more than anything. I knew and felt that she always wanted the best for me. Having a small family, I remember as a kid my parents and I visiting my relatives almost every weekend, since my mother really wanted me to develop relationships with my extended family so that I would have a family after she and my father were gone.… Read moreRebirth in an Age of PolarizationPosted on March 16, 2017 by Paul • 5 CommentsAt the present moment our country—and our world—are insanely polarized. If humanity is seen as a single macro-organism, it is as if there is a primordial dissociation—a split—deep within its very source. Our species is suffering from what the great doctor of the soul C. G. Jung calls a “sickness of dissociation,” which is a state of fragmentation deep within the collective unconscious itself that has seemingly spilled outside of our skulls and has taken the form of collective events playing themselves out en masse on the world stage.… Read more


Illuminating Dark TimesPosted on March 7, 2017 by Paul • 17 Comments
“Truly, I live in dark times! An artless world is foolish.”
- Bertolt Brecht
We are truly living in dark times. More accurately, we are living in times where the darkness is emerging from hiding in the shadows and is becoming visible. It is easy and very seductive to become overwhelmed with pessimism, despair and depression during these times of darkness, which would sadly be to unwittingly feed and collude with the darkness. And yet, to quote a popular saying on the French left, “the hour calls for optimism; we’ll save pessimism for better times.”
Since the recent election, there has been a powerful awakening—politically, spiritually and creatively—in so many people that might not have happened if the results had been different.… Read more

← Older posts







Paul’s New Book



Dispelling Wetiko




















Newsletter Signup

First Name:



Last Name:



Email:












Whitley Streiber’s interview with Paul



Neil Kramer



Search the Site

Search





Archives

Select Month
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 June 2016 
 March 2015 
 April 2014 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 June 2013 
 April 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 March 2011 
 December 2010 
 September 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 January 2010 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 April 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 
 October 2008 
 August 2008 
 June 2008 
 April 2008 
 February 2008 
 December 2007 
 November 2007 
 May 2007 
 April 2007 
 March 2007 
 February 2007 
 January 2007 
 December 2006 
 November 2006 
 August 2006 
 July 2006 
 June 2006 
 May 2006 
 December 2005 
 October 2005 
 June 2005 
 May 2005 
 April 2005 
 March 2005 
 February 2005 
 January 2005 
 December 2004 
 November 2004 
 October 2004 
 October 1996 
 August 1996 



RSS Feed





































































Wiley: Sampling of Populations: Methods and Applications, 4th Edition - Paul S. Levy, Stanley Lemeshow

   












































					
					    
					        United States
					                
					        
					            Change

My Account
Cart




Home
Subjects
About Wiley
Contact Us
Help



Search Form
Search Input















Print this page


Share







Home

     /  

    Mathematics & Statistics

     /  

    Survey Research Methods & Sampling  



















Textbook
Sampling of Populations: Methods and Applications, 4th Edition

Paul S. Levy, Stanley Lemeshow 
ISBN: 978-0-470-04007-2
616 pages
August 2008, ©2008



















For Instructors



Companion Sites
Request Evaluation Copy





For Students



Companion Sites
Study Resources and more...







Description
A trusted classic on the key methods in population
sampling—now in a modernized and expanded new edition
Sampling of Populations, Fourth Edition continues to
serve as an all-inclusive resource on the basic and most current
practices in population sampling. Maintaining the clear and
accessible style of the previous edition, this book outlines the
essential statistical methodsfor survey design and analysis, while
also exploring techniques that have developed over the past
decade.
The Fourth Edition successfully guides the reader through
the basic concepts and procedures that accompany real-world sample
surveys, such as sampling designs, problems of missing data,
statistical analysis of multistage sampling data, and nonresponse
and poststratification adjustment procedures. Rather than employ a
heavily mathematical approach, the authors present illustrative
examples that demonstrate the rationale behind common steps in the
sampling process, from creating effective surveys to analyzing
collected data. Along with established methods, modern topics are
treated through the book's new features, which include:

A new chapter on telephone sampling, with coverage of declining
response rates, the creation of "do not call" lists, and the
growing use of cellular phones
A new chapter on sample weighting that focuses on adjustments
to weight for nonresponse, frame deficiencies, and the effects of
estimator instability
An updated discussion of sample survey data analysis that
includes analytic procedures for estimation and hypothesis
testing
A new section on Chromy's widely used method of taking
probability proportional to size samples with minimum replacement
of primary sampling units
An expanded index with references on the latest research in the
field

All of the book's examples and exercises can be easily worked
out using various software packages including SAS, STATA, and
SUDAAN, and an extensive FTP site contains additional data sets.
With its comprehensive presentation and wealth of relevant
examples, Sampling of Populations, Fourth Edition is an
ideal book for courses on survey sampling at the
upper-undergraduate and graduate levels. It is also a valuable
reference for practicing statisticians who would like to refresh
their knowledge of sampling techniques.


See More
See Less



Table of Contents
Tables. 
Boxes.
Figures.
Getting Files from the Wiley ftp and Internet Sites.
List of Data Sites Provides on Web Site.
Preface to the Fourth Edition.
Part 1: Basic Concepts.
 1. Use of Sample Surveys.
2. The Population and the Sample.
Part 2: Major Sampling Designs and Estimation
Procedures.
3. Simple Random Sampling.
4. Systematic Sampling.
5. Stratification and Stratified Random Sampling.
6. Stratified Random Sampling: Further Issues.
7. Ratio Estimation.
8. Cluster Sampling: Introduction and Overview.
9. Simple One-Stage Cluster Sampling.
10. Two-Stage Cluster Sampling: Clusters Sampled with Equal
Probability.
11. Cluster Sampling in Which Clusters Are Sampled with Unequal
Probability: Probability Proportional to Size Sampling.
12. Variance Estimation in Complex Sample Surveys.
Part 3: Selected Topics in Sample Survey Methodology.
13. Nonresponse and Missing Data in Sample Surveys.
14. Selected Topics in Sample Design and Estimation
Methodology.
15. Telephone Survey Sampling (Michael W. Link and Mansour
Fahimi).
16. Constructing the Survey Weights (Paul P. Biemer and Sharon
L. Christ).
17. Strategies for Design-Based Analysis of Sample Survey
Data.
Appendix.
Answers to Selected Exercises.
Index.


See More
See Less



Author Information
Paul S. Levy is Senior Research Fellow at RTI International
and Professor Emeritus of Epidemiology and Biostatistics in the
School of Public Health at the University of Illinois. A Fellow of
both the American Statistical Association and the American College
of Epidemiology, Dr. Levy has authored or coauthored over 225
articles in his areas of research interest, which include sample
survey methodology, design of epidemiological studies, and
methodology relevant to analysis of data from observational
studies. 
Stanley Lemeshow, PhD, is Professor of Biostatistics and
Dean of the College of Public Health at The Ohio State University.
He has over thirty-five years of academic experience in the areas
of regression, categorical data methods, and sampling methods. A
Fellow of the American Statistical Association, Dr. Lemeshow is the
coauthor of Applied Survival Analysis, Second Edition and
Applied Logistic Regression, Second Edition, both published
by Wiley.


See More
See Less



New to This Edition

The emphasis is on presentation of the most widely used
sampling designs today, including a completely revised chapter on
telephone sampling.
New chapters devoted to disclosure analysis; weight trimming,
raking, and calibration; and small area estimation, and a new
section on sampling of controls for case-control studies have been
added to reflect some of the many changes in the field since the
last edition. 
Many new and updated examples and practice exercises have been
added while obsolete ones have been deleted.



See More
See Less



The Wiley Advantage


Illustrative examples detailing how statistical analysis can
be performed by means of software now available for use on personal
computers and designed specifically for analysis of sample survey
data (SAS, SPSS, SUDDAN among them) have been woven throughout the
text. 


The index has been expanded to include more entries with
wider reference points. 

The book provides a wealth of examples illustrating key
statistical issues with data sets available via the book's FTP
site.






See More
See Less



Reviews
“The book remains a very appropriately written text for classroom use, especially for students studying public health or epidemiology, or for undergraduate majors in statistics and related fields.” (Biometrics, June 2009)


See More
See Less



Professor Reviews
Praise for the third edition, "Replete with examples and exercises, done with excellent organization structure and enhanced by annotated bibliographies...." (Technometrics)


See More
See Less



Related Websites / Extra

FTP Site



See More
See Less




This Title is Part of the Following Set


Sampling of Populations: Methods and Applications, 4th Edition Set
by Paul S. Levy, Stanley Lemeshow
US $189.00 Buy





See More
See Less




Instructors Resources




Related Website
Related website ftp://ftp.wiley.com/public/sci_tech_med/populations 




Available Materials


Sampling of Populations: Methods and Applications, Solutions Manual, 4th Edition
by Paul S. Levy, Stanley Lemeshow
978-0-470-40101-9
January 2009, Paperback







Contact your Wiley Representative
Find Your Rep




See More
See Less





Students Resources




Related Website
Related website ftp://ftp.wiley.com/public/sci_tech_med/populations 




Available Materials


Sampling of Populations: Methods and Applications, Solutions Manual, 4th Edition
by Paul S. Levy, Stanley Lemeshow
978-0-470-40101-9
January 2009, Paperback







See More
See Less




Buy Both and Save 25%!


+



Sampling of Populations: Methods and Applications, 4th Edition (US $173.00)
-and-
Margins of Error: A Study of Reliability in Survey Measurement (US $139.00)
Total List Price: US $312.00
Discounted Price: US $234.00 (Save: US $78.00)

Buy Both







            Cannot be combined with any other offers.
            Learn more.






Related Titles





Implementation of Large-Scale Education Assessments
by Petra Lietz (Editor), John C. Cresswell (Editor), Keith F. Rust (Editor), Raymond J. Adams (Editor)





Total Survey Error in Practice 
by Paul P. Biemer (Editor), Edith de Leeuw (Editor), Stephanie Eckman (Editor), Brad Edwards (Editor), Frauke Kreuter (Editor), Lars E. Lyberg (Editor), N. Clyde Tucker (Editor), Brady T. West (Editor)





Analysis of Poverty Data by Small Area Estimation
by Monica Pratesi (Editor)





Small Area Estimation, 2nd Edition
by J. N. K. Rao, Isabel Molina





Cognitive Interviewing Methodology
by Kristen Miller (Editor), Valerie Chepp (Editor), Stephanie Willson (Editor), Jose Luis Padilla (Editor)





Applied Logistic Regression, 3rd Edition
by David W. Hosmer, Jr., Stanley Lemeshow, Rodney X. Sturdivant





Applied Survival Analysis: Regression Modeling of Time to Event Data, 2nd Edition
by David W. Hosmer, Jr., Stanley Lemeshow, Susanne May





Solutions Manual to accompany Applied Logistic Regression, 2nd Edition
by David W. Hosmer, Jr., Stanley Lemeshow







More in this series

Wiley Series in Survey Methodology











Purchase Options






Hardcover



                    
                    $173.00
BUY








            This Print-on-Demand format will be printed specifically to fill your order. Allow additional time for delivery
            




E-book




 
                        Information about e-books:

E-books are offered as e-Pubs or PDFs. To download and read them, users must install Adobe Digital Editions (ADE) on their PC.
E-books have DRM protection on them, which means only the person who purchases and downloads the e-book can access it.
E-books are non-returnable and non-refundable.
To learn more about our e-books, please refer to our FAQ.







                    
                    $138.99
BUY







Buy e-book from:







                    Books-A-Million








                    Google Play








                    Sony






Prices are valid for United States.
        Change location to view local pricing and availability.




        
            Digital version available through Wiley Online Library
        
        

Learn More





Instructors


Contact your rep for all inquiries






This title is part of a set(s)
View the related set(s)







Permissions

Request permission to reuse content from this title


X

To apply for permission please send your request to permissions@wiley.com with 
specific details of your requirements. This should include, the Wiley title(s), and the specific portion of the content you wish to re-use 
(e.g figure, table, text extract, chapter, page numbers etc), the way in which you wish to re-use it, the circulation/print run/number of people 
who will have access to the content and whether this is for commercial or academic purposes. If this is a republication request please include details 
of the new work in which the Wiley content will appear.










Join an Email List... 







Email




Country






-- select your country of residence --
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
People's Republic of China
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Group of Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic Of Korea
Republic Of Kosovo
Republic Of Macedonia
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan (Republic of China)
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic Of Tanzania
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands U.S.
Virgin Islands (British)
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Job Role:

Please select...
Teacher K-12/Primary/Secondary
Professor
Adjunct
Educational Administrator
Department Chair
Librarian
Student
Researcher
Professional













 











Thank You for Joining a Wiley EMail List 







An email confirmation has been sent to you.





















Join An E-mail List





Learn about the latest products, events, offers and content.








Join











You are now subscribed to our email alert for Accounting Technology.













Our Solutions, Your Way









About Wiley

About Us
Subjects
Careers
Events
Locations
Brands
Investor Relations
Newsroom



Resources

Authors
Instructors
Students
Librarians
Societies
Booksellers





Customer Support

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Site Map
Contact Us
Help



Copyright © 2000-2017
	           by
	           John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies.
	           All rights reserved.
		







Back to Top















Wiley: Survey Research Methods & Sampling  

   








































					
					    
					        United States
					                
					        
					            Change

My Account
Cart




Home
Subjects
About Wiley
Contact Us
Help



Search Form
Search Input

















Home

     /  

    Mathematics & Statistics









Join an Email List... 







Email




Country






-- select your country of residence --
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
People's Republic of China
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Group of Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic Of Korea
Republic Of Kosovo
Republic Of Macedonia
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan (Republic of China)
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic Of Tanzania
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands U.S.
Virgin Islands (British)
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Job Role:

Please select...
Teacher K-12/Primary/Secondary
Professor
Adjunct
Educational Administrator
Department Chair
Librarian
Student
Researcher
Professional













 











Thank You for Joining a Wiley EMail List 







An email confirmation has been sent to you.





















Join An E-mail List





Learn about the latest products, events, offers and content.








Join











You are now subscribed to our email alert for Accounting Technology.


















Featured Titles




New


Implementation of Large-Scale Education Assessments
by Petra Lietz (Editor), John C. Cresswell (Editor), Keith F. Rust (Editor), Raymond J. Adams (Editor)
April 2017







Show: 
 All
     Only Textbooks & Course Offerings
        

    Sort by: 

Featured Titles
A-Z by Title
A-Z by Author
Publication Date


All Titles in Survey Research Methods & Sampling   (107)



Internet, Phone, Mail, and Mixed-Mode Surveys: The Tailored Design Method, 4th Edition
by Don A. Dillman, Jolene D. Smyth, Leah Melani Christian
August 2014, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $100.00 Buy




Total Survey Error in Practice 
by Paul P. Biemer (Editor), Edith de Leeuw (Editor), Stephanie Eckman (Editor), Brad Edwards (Editor), Frauke Kreuter (Editor), Lars E. Lyberg (Editor), N. Clyde Tucker (Editor), Brady T. West (Editor)
February 2017, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $115.00 Buy




Small Area Estimation, 2nd Edition
by J. N. K. Rao, Isabel Molina
August 2015, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $110.00 Buy




Journal
International Statistical Review
2017, Journal




Journal
Australian & New Zealand Journal of Statistics
2017, Journal




Journal
New Directions for Evaluation
2017, Journal




Handbook of Health Survey Methods
by Timothy P. Johnson (Editor)
November 2014, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $155.00 Buy




Cognitive Interviewing Methodology
by Kristen Miller (Editor), Valerie Chepp (Editor), Stephanie Willson (Editor), Jose Luis Padilla (Editor)
September 2014, Paperback (E-book also available)
US $74.95 Buy




Design, Evaluation, and Analysis of Questionnaires for Survey Research, 2nd Edition
by Willem E. Saris, Irmtraud N. Gallhofer
April 2014, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $89.95 Buy




Social Media, Sociality, and Survey Research
by Craig A. Hill, Elizabeth Dean, Joe Murphy
October 2013, Paperback (E-book also available)
US $74.95 Buy




Measurement Errors in Surveys
by Paul P. Biemer (Editor), Robert M. Groves (Editor), Lars E. Lyberg (Editor), Nancy A. Mathiowetz (Editor), Seymour Sudman (Editor)
August 2013, Paperback (E-book also available)




Statistical Methods for Forecasting
by Bovas Abraham, Johannes Ledolter
August 2013, Paperback (E-book also available)




Designing and Conducting Business Surveys
by Ger Snijkers, Gustav Haraldsen, Jacqui Jones, Diane Willimack
August 2013, Paperback (E-book also available)
US $89.95 Buy




Sample Size Determination and Power
by Thomas P. Ryan
July 2013, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $118.00 Buy




Improving Surveys with Paradata: Analytic Uses of Process Information
by Frauke Kreuter (Editor)
June 2013, Paperback (E-book also available)
US $79.95 Buy




Basic Statistics for Social Research
by Robert A. Hanneman, Augustine J. Kposowa, Mark D. Riddle
December 2012, Paperback, Jossey-Bass (E-book also available)
US $90.00 Buy




Complex Surveys: A Guide to Analysis Using R
by Thomas Lumley
March 2010, Paperback (E-book also available)
US $89.95 Buy




Implementation of Large-Scale Education Assessments
by Petra Lietz (Editor), John C. Cresswell (Editor), Keith F. Rust (Editor), Raymond J. Adams (Editor)
April 2017, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $99.95 Buy




Textbook
Sampling, 3rd Edition
by Steven K. Thompson
March 2012, ©2012, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $132.00 Buy




Handbook of Web Surveys
by Jelke Bethlehem, Silvia Biffignandi
November 2011, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $171.00 Buy





Listings:1-2021-4041-6061-80more...









About Wiley

About Us
Subjects
Careers
Events
Locations
Brands
Investor Relations
Newsroom



Resources

Authors
Instructors
Students
Librarians
Societies
Booksellers





Customer Support

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Site Map
Contact Us
Help



Copyright © 2000-2017
	           by
	           John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies.
	           All rights reserved.
		
















Jet.com - Prices Drop As You ShopSkip to navigationSkip to cartSkip to footerMy FavesPromotionsEasy ReorderWhy Shop Jet?Track Your OrderFree shipping on your first order!Free Shipping Over $35 & Free Returns DetailsFree shipping on your first order!Free Shipping Over $35 & Free Returns DetailsCATEGORIESRegister | Log InEnter Zip CodeAccountMy FavesEasy ReorderEasy ReorderMy ProfileOrder HistoryShipping AddressesPayment MethodsLog OutLog InRegisterEnter your zip codeMy FavesEasy ReorderMy ProfileMy FavesEasy ReorderOrder HistoryShipping AddressesPayment MethodsLog OutCat NavNeed help? We're available 24/7.1 (855) 538-4323|help@jet.com|FAQCompanyAbout UsCareersSell on JetJet AffiliatesJetCaresTech BlogDownloadSocialfacebooktwitterlinkedininstagramTips, Tricks, and Life HacksJet BlogGet the Offersemail iconSign up for our emailsFeedbackat sign iconSend us your feedbackCopyright © 2017 Jet.com, Inc. | Version: 3:953:1500500461971:Version: 3:953:1500500461971:Privacy NoticeTerms of Use

Dr. Paul A. Levy, MD








 
















































About Us
For Professionals
Careers






Newsroom
Ways to Give
Directions/Parking




 














 



















Home



Clinical Services












Clinical Services A - Z


 


A   B   C   D   E   F   G   H   I


J   K   L   M   N   O   P   Q   R


S   T   U   V   W   X   Y   Z


 


Montefiore Medical Group


 


Primary Care


 


Montefiore Home Care


 


Integrative Medicine





Centers of Excellence





Children's Hospital at Montefiore



Montefiore Einstein Center for Cancer Care



Montefiore Einstein Center for Heart and Vascular Care



Montefiore Einstein Center for Transplantation


Clinical Services A-Z













Alzheimer's Center


Montefiore SNF Collaborative


Orthopaedics Redesign


Diamond Care


Diamond Care Spanish


LGBTQ Care


Objetivo: Tu Salud


Focus On Your Health


Montefiore Aesthetics


Anesthesiology


Allergy & Immunology


Arthritis & Joint Disease (Rheumatology)


Asthma Center


Blood (Hematology)


Bones, Muscles & Joints (Orthopaedics)


Brain (Neurology)


Centers of Excellence


Center for the Aging Brain


Comprehensive Thyroid Program


Dentistry & Oral Surgery


Dermatology


Diabetes, Hormones & Metabolism (Endocrinology)


Digestive & Liver Diseases (Gastroenterology)


Emergency Medicine


Elder Care (Geriatrics)


Eyes (Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences)


Family and Social Medicine


General Internal Medicine


General Surgery


Heart (Cardiology & Vascular)


Headache Center


Hyperbaric Medicine


HIV/AIDS


Home Care


ICU (Critical Care Medicine)


Integrative Medicine


Internal Medicine


Infectious Diseases


Kidney Disease (Nephrology)


Lungs (Pulmonary Medicine)


Medicine


Neurological Surgery


OB/GYN & Women's Health


Otorhinolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery


Pathology (Diagnostics & Testing)


Pharmacy Services


Montefiore Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation


Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences


Primary Care


Radiology


The Oval Center at Montefiore


Sleep-Wake Disorders Center


Stern Stroke Center at Montefiore


Surgery


Surgical Specialties


Montefiore Urology


Transplant Surgery








Patients & Visitors





Find a Doctor


Montefiore Locations: Information and Directions


Community Shuttle Service


Information for Patients


Information for Visitors


Montefiore Diamond Care MLTC Plan


Pay Hospital Bills Online


Help for Health Republic Members


Financial Services


In the Neighborhood


Commitment to Quality Care and Patient Safety


Manage Your Health Online


Contact Montefiore








Clinical Trials & Research





Office of Clinical Trials Lunch and Learn


Research Spotlight


Search Clinical Trials


Research Resources for Professionals


Partnership with Albert Einstein College of Medicine








Education & Training





Patient Health Library


Grand Rounds


Partnership with Albert Einstein College of Medicine


MECIS


Residency & Fellowship Information


Continuing Medical Education


Allied & Other Health Professionals Training


Professional Development


Alumni Relations


Education and Training Contacts








Community





Montefiore Nurse-Family Partnership


Montefiore in the Community


Community Health & Wellness


Healing Arts at Montefiore


How You Can Help


Community Reports


Events and Activities


Health Management Workshops


Montefiore Hudson Valley Collaborative






























Home > Find a Doctor

































Find a DoctorBack to search resultsStart over


Paul A. Levy,MD


Gender
Male
Department
Pediatrics
Practice Specialty
Clinical Biochemical Genetics, Clinical Genetics
Medical Education
Tulane University School of Medicine
Residency
Montefiore Medical Center
Fellowship
Montefiore Medical CenterTulane Medical Center Hospital
Main Location


The Children’s Hospital at Montefiore3415 Bainbridge AvenueBronx, NY 10467-2403Phone: (718) 741-2323Fax: (718) 920-6506Get Directions | View Map




More Locations 


Montefiore Weiler Hospital1825 Eastchester RoadBronx, NY 10461-2301Phone: (718) 741-2450Get Directions | View MapMontefiore at 141 South Central Avenue141 South Central AvenueHartsdale, NY 10530-2319Phone: (914) 721-7120Get Directions | View Map Montefiore at 1250 Waters Place1250 Waters PlaceBronx, NY 10461-2720Phone: (718) 741-2450Get Directions | View Map 
















 

Patients & Visitors
Find a Doctor 
Locations, Directions & Parking
Information for Patients Information for Visitors
Pay Hospital Bills Online
Financial Services
In the Neighborhood 
Our Commitment to Quality Care
Events




Research
Research Highlights
Partnership with Einstein
Research Resources for Professionals
Funding Opportunities




Education & Training
Patient Health Library
Grand Rounds
Residency & Fellowship Information
Continuing Medical Education
Nursing Professional Development
Allied & Other Health Professional Training
Professional Development
Alumni Relations




Community
Community Health & Wellness
Community Relations
Community Services & Resources
How You Can Help
Community Reports




About Us
Contact Montefiore
Clinical Services A-Z
Manage Your Health Online












 


















Privacy Policy
  |  
Sitemap
  |  
For Vendors
  |  
Compliance Hotline
  |  
A Member of the Montefiore Health System



© 2017 Montefiore Medical Center  |  111 East 210th Street, Bronx, NY 10467  |  718-920-4321

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















TaxReliefCenter.org - Free Tax Levy and Garnishment Relief Consultation


















Protecting and Defending Taxpayer Rights Help for IRS Back Taxes 
        (855) 237-1926




We help taxpayers 
        get relief from IRS back taxes.
Do You Qualify for IRS Back Tax Relief?
START HEREFree online assessment takes two minutes. IRS documents not required.


Powered by Envoy









We've served more than 1.4 million people all across America in need of relief from IRS back taxes. Below are comments from taxpayers who have been successful at putting stress and worry over IRS back taxes behind them.





...from the first phone call I felt so relieved. Their confidence of relieving from this IRS burden rubbed off on me. I was still scared and spent many sleepness nights worrying but contacting them was the best thing I could have done. I feel like a 100 pounds is off my shoulders so I want to thank Tax Defense. They even told me that I can always call them years from now if I have any questions or need advise and that is another reason why I would advise people to put their trust in them as I did... — Sherri
When you receive a letter in the mail that has IRS on it - you tend to lose a lot of sleep and sometimes don't even open the envelope! I've had that experience and after making contact with TDN, I have to tell you, I slept better. They certainly know how to work through the issues and tame the 900 pound gorilla! — Steve B.
I have to tell you that I was so nervous going through this process however [my tax specialist] walked me though the steps and explained everything in detail. She was able to have a tax levy on my wages released the same day we talked. Trust them they are the real thing. I can't thank you enough [my tax specialist]. — Joel P.








How It Works


Individuals or businesses in need of IRS relief from back taxes call or submit a request online to receive a free consultation from tax resolution experts.

Tax relief specialists take the time to listen, understand your current situation and goals (including any immediate relief you may need to stop or prevent a wage garnishment, tax lien, or bank levy.)

Based on your unique circumstances, tax resolution experts apply existing tax relief code to provide your best options to get immediate relief and reach the lowest possible settlement with the IRS.

You may choose to resolve IRS back taxes on your own, or utilize the expertise of tax specialists who will negotiate the best possible IRS resolution or settlement on your behalf. There are no upfront retainer fees and any fees that apply must be pre-approved by taxpayers in advance, based on the scope of services provided.



How It Works – 4 Simple Steps – The Free Tax Resolution Consultation

Individuals or businesses in need of IRS relief from back taxes call or submit a request online to receive a free consultation from tax resolution experts.Tax relief specialists take the time to listen, understand your current situation and goals (including any immediate relief you may need to stop or prevent a wage garnishment, tax lien, or bank levy.)
Based on your unique circumstances, tax resolution experts apply existing tax relief code to provide your best options to get immediate relief and reach the lowest possible settlement with the IRS.You may choose to resolve IRS back taxes on your own, or utilize the expertise of tax specialists who will negotiate the best possible IRS resolution or settlement on your behalf. There are no upfront retainer fees.
View Common Questions About Tax Relief


Q: Why would the IRS agree to settle back taxes for less?
A: There are a variety of reasons why the IRS agrees to work with taxpayers and settle for less. Often individuals or families are experiencing financial hardship, whether through loss of a job or income, illness, extenuating business or marital circumstances, or a number of other reasons. In addition, there may be "doubt as to collectability", "doubt as to liability", "innocent spouse" or a variety of other tax relief options or tax appeal provisions under the current tax code. In addition, the IRS may lower your tax liability because they feel you simply don't have the financial ability to pay the full amount owed within the statutory time period.
Q: How Can the IRS Fresh Start Initiative Provide Relief for Taxpayers?
A. The IRS Fresh Start program is an effort on the part of the IRS to make it easier for financially distressed taxpayers to resolve back taxes as quickly as possible.  Through a free tax relief consultation, taxpayers can find out if the leniency offered via Fresh Start can provide relief for IRS penalties, IRS liens, and also offer more streamlined processes for Installment Agreement and Offers in Compromise.
Q: What should you do if you've received a collection letter/notice from IRS?
A: Do not ignore IRS letters or enforcement notices. They may be auto-generated but, if ignored, they will lead to a wage garnishment, tax lien, bank account levy or other asset seizure or enforcement action. Stay in contact with the IRS and consider the advantages of a free tax relief consultation - speaking to tax relief specialists who can apprise you fully of your tax relief rights and options under the law and, at your request, negotiate directly with the IRS, to bring your case to a favorable resolution.
Q. How does a free tax relief consultation work?
A. As an individual or business, when you contact the IRS directly, you will likely be communicating with a frontline IRS collector whose task it is to collect on the total amount of tax liability assessed. Through a free tax relief consultation, you will have the opportunity to get a free and fair assessment from a tax relief specialist who can review with you all the circumstances surrounding the amount you owe the IRS, or the IRS claims you owe.  In addition, the tax resolution specialist can also take the time to listen to you, understand what you are going through, and review the options available to reach the best possible settlement with the IRS.
Q. What are some of the most common reasons why taxpayers may qualify for relief?
Many people owe the IRS back taxes for a variety of reasons, in many cases due to unforeseen circumstances beyond their control - including personal or financial hardship, business hardship, medical issues and more. In addition, taxpayers may not have been able to file back taxes for one or more years, or feel they have been unfairly assessed.  There also may be taxpayers who fall into the "currently not collectable" status because they simply cannot afford to pay the tax assessed. In many cases, taxpayers may qualify for relief via the IRS Fresh Start initiative.
Q: If I've fallen behind on my taxes and have the ability to pay the original amount but cannot afford to pay all the penalties and interest added on, can I pay the original amount?
A: Yes, you may qualify for a "Penalty Abatement" to remove penalties and interest. The IRS may waive penalties and interest for a variety of reasons including medical reasons, poor accounting advice, ignorance of the tax laws that apply, ex-spouse circumstances, the need to care and provide for a loved one, and more.
Q: Who can most benefit from tax relief assistance?
A: Typically, individuals and businesses who owe the IRS back taxes ranging from $10,000 to $250,000 or more can realize the greatest benefit from tax relief services.  Tax relief specialists and attorneys have a depth of knowledge and expertise and understand how to apply current tax relief code to reach the best possible tax resolution on behalf of taxpayers - including those who have not filed returns for one or multiple years for a variety of reasons. In addition, tax relief can help individuals or businesses in need of immediate relief to stop or prevent a wage garnishment, tax lien, or bank account levy.
Q: What are the benefits of a free tax relief consultation?
A: For individuals and businesses who owe back taxes to the IRS and have an urgent need to stop or prevent IRS enforcement action and settle IRS tax debt for substantially less than the full amount owed, a free tax relief consultation will provide an overview of the taxpayer's legal tax relief rights and options to resolve taxes and settle for less. All tax relief consultations come with no obligation and there is no charge to get an honest assessment of your current situation and the realistic IRS settlement options available to you.


Was this information useful to you?



Yes



No











Voices of Tax Relief
Who has benefited from Tax Relief? Listen in to  



 “It's really been an easy process”
“I found out I had a tax lien of $250,000 from taxes that I hadn't filed from over ten years. They arranged to give me a payment, get it worked down to $116 a month...it's really been an easy process and everybody's been very helpful, and understanding, not demeaning in any way or anything.” –Richard, VA
Listen to Richard: 



 “They just do what they know best”
“...Because of some difficult family problems and a divorce and some financial issues ... I did not file my income properly...I finally heard about Tax Defense Network on a radio program and...they were hitting the ground running helping me, it was an amazing thing...” –Paul, NJ
Listen to Paul: 



 “You guys have been great”
“...We had gotten a letter from the IRS basically threatening to levy against our property and it's scary...after talking to an IRS representative that really didn't have a clue who I was or anything about me and they really don't care...you guys have been great...” –Sharon, OH
Listen to Sharon: 









Faces of Tax Relief

How can a tax relief specialist help you? These videos will explain...













No Money to Pay the IRS – Facing Personal or Business Hardship?

See if you qualify for IRS hardship relief (including Fresh Start Program)
Begin by answering a few simple questions online:


1. Are you unable to pay IRS back taxes and in need or relief due to a personal or financial hardship?



Yes



No




2. Have you already spoken to the IRS about the nature of your personal or business hardship?



Yes



No



See If I Qualify





Video Guide to IRS Tax Debt Relief




"Can I negotiate with the IRS on my own, or could you deal directly with the IRS on my behalf?"Watch video





"How long will my free tax relief consultation take, and how could it help resolve my back taxes for less?"Watch video





"I'm self-employed. How can you help me resolve my back taxes and protect my family and business?"Watch video





"What makes your organization so respected with the IRS? Can that relationship benefit me and my family?"Watch video





"What are the three options an individual or business has to resolve their tax debt with the IRS?"Watch video





"What if I feel embarrassed and overwhelmed and don't know if I really owe what the IRS is claiming?"Watch video





"How can I protect my rights and assets and reach the best possible resolution with the IRS?"Watch video





"Welcome, if you owe the IRS back taxes, before you do anything else, we highly recommend you watch this video."Watch video





 
        For immediate assistance with an IRS tax matter call (855) 237-1926, or request online.  
    



About Us - Contact Us - Privacy - Terms of Use

Copyright ©2017 TaxReliefCenter.org, All Rights Reserved.






X

Find Out How to Qualify for Taxpayer Relief Programs Click to connect
        (855) 237-1926

 $10,000 tax relief request  in Hayward, CA $10,000 tax relief request  in Camarillo, CA $20,000 tax relief request  in Camarillo, CA $10,000 tax relief request  in Lancaster, CA $10,000 tax relief request  in Sacramento, CA 







































TaxReliefCenter.org - Free Tax Levy and Garnishment Relief Consultation


















Protecting and Defending Taxpayer Rights Help for IRS Back Taxes 
        (855) 237-1926




We help taxpayers 
        get relief from IRS back taxes.
Do You Qualify for IRS Back Tax Relief?
START HEREFree online assessment takes two minutes. IRS documents not required.


Powered by Envoy









We've served more than 1.4 million people all across America in need of relief from IRS back taxes. Below are comments from taxpayers who have been successful at putting stress and worry over IRS back taxes behind them.





...from the first phone call I felt so relieved. Their confidence of relieving from this IRS burden rubbed off on me. I was still scared and spent many sleepness nights worrying but contacting them was the best thing I could have done. I feel like a 100 pounds is off my shoulders so I want to thank Tax Defense. They even told me that I can always call them years from now if I have any questions or need advise and that is another reason why I would advise people to put their trust in them as I did... — Sherri
When you receive a letter in the mail that has IRS on it - you tend to lose a lot of sleep and sometimes don't even open the envelope! I've had that experience and after making contact with TDN, I have to tell you, I slept better. They certainly know how to work through the issues and tame the 900 pound gorilla! — Steve B.
I have to tell you that I was so nervous going through this process however [my tax specialist] walked me though the steps and explained everything in detail. She was able to have a tax levy on my wages released the same day we talked. Trust them they are the real thing. I can't thank you enough [my tax specialist]. — Joel P.








How It Works


Individuals or businesses in need of IRS relief from back taxes call or submit a request online to receive a free consultation from tax resolution experts.

Tax relief specialists take the time to listen, understand your current situation and goals (including any immediate relief you may need to stop or prevent a wage garnishment, tax lien, or bank levy.)

Based on your unique circumstances, tax resolution experts apply existing tax relief code to provide your best options to get immediate relief and reach the lowest possible settlement with the IRS.

You may choose to resolve IRS back taxes on your own, or utilize the expertise of tax specialists who will negotiate the best possible IRS resolution or settlement on your behalf. There are no upfront retainer fees and any fees that apply must be pre-approved by taxpayers in advance, based on the scope of services provided.



How It Works – 4 Simple Steps – The Free Tax Resolution Consultation

Individuals or businesses in need of IRS relief from back taxes call or submit a request online to receive a free consultation from tax resolution experts.Tax relief specialists take the time to listen, understand your current situation and goals (including any immediate relief you may need to stop or prevent a wage garnishment, tax lien, or bank levy.)
Based on your unique circumstances, tax resolution experts apply existing tax relief code to provide your best options to get immediate relief and reach the lowest possible settlement with the IRS.You may choose to resolve IRS back taxes on your own, or utilize the expertise of tax specialists who will negotiate the best possible IRS resolution or settlement on your behalf. There are no upfront retainer fees.
View Common Questions About Tax Relief


Q: Why would the IRS agree to settle back taxes for less?
A: There are a variety of reasons why the IRS agrees to work with taxpayers and settle for less. Often individuals or families are experiencing financial hardship, whether through loss of a job or income, illness, extenuating business or marital circumstances, or a number of other reasons. In addition, there may be "doubt as to collectability", "doubt as to liability", "innocent spouse" or a variety of other tax relief options or tax appeal provisions under the current tax code. In addition, the IRS may lower your tax liability because they feel you simply don't have the financial ability to pay the full amount owed within the statutory time period.
Q: How Can the IRS Fresh Start Initiative Provide Relief for Taxpayers?
A. The IRS Fresh Start program is an effort on the part of the IRS to make it easier for financially distressed taxpayers to resolve back taxes as quickly as possible.  Through a free tax relief consultation, taxpayers can find out if the leniency offered via Fresh Start can provide relief for IRS penalties, IRS liens, and also offer more streamlined processes for Installment Agreement and Offers in Compromise.
Q: What should you do if you've received a collection letter/notice from IRS?
A: Do not ignore IRS letters or enforcement notices. They may be auto-generated but, if ignored, they will lead to a wage garnishment, tax lien, bank account levy or other asset seizure or enforcement action. Stay in contact with the IRS and consider the advantages of a free tax relief consultation - speaking to tax relief specialists who can apprise you fully of your tax relief rights and options under the law and, at your request, negotiate directly with the IRS, to bring your case to a favorable resolution.
Q. How does a free tax relief consultation work?
A. As an individual or business, when you contact the IRS directly, you will likely be communicating with a frontline IRS collector whose task it is to collect on the total amount of tax liability assessed. Through a free tax relief consultation, you will have the opportunity to get a free and fair assessment from a tax relief specialist who can review with you all the circumstances surrounding the amount you owe the IRS, or the IRS claims you owe.  In addition, the tax resolution specialist can also take the time to listen to you, understand what you are going through, and review the options available to reach the best possible settlement with the IRS.
Q. What are some of the most common reasons why taxpayers may qualify for relief?
Many people owe the IRS back taxes for a variety of reasons, in many cases due to unforeseen circumstances beyond their control - including personal or financial hardship, business hardship, medical issues and more. In addition, taxpayers may not have been able to file back taxes for one or more years, or feel they have been unfairly assessed.  There also may be taxpayers who fall into the "currently not collectable" status because they simply cannot afford to pay the tax assessed. In many cases, taxpayers may qualify for relief via the IRS Fresh Start initiative.
Q: If I've fallen behind on my taxes and have the ability to pay the original amount but cannot afford to pay all the penalties and interest added on, can I pay the original amount?
A: Yes, you may qualify for a "Penalty Abatement" to remove penalties and interest. The IRS may waive penalties and interest for a variety of reasons including medical reasons, poor accounting advice, ignorance of the tax laws that apply, ex-spouse circumstances, the need to care and provide for a loved one, and more.
Q: Who can most benefit from tax relief assistance?
A: Typically, individuals and businesses who owe the IRS back taxes ranging from $10,000 to $250,000 or more can realize the greatest benefit from tax relief services.  Tax relief specialists and attorneys have a depth of knowledge and expertise and understand how to apply current tax relief code to reach the best possible tax resolution on behalf of taxpayers - including those who have not filed returns for one or multiple years for a variety of reasons. In addition, tax relief can help individuals or businesses in need of immediate relief to stop or prevent a wage garnishment, tax lien, or bank account levy.
Q: What are the benefits of a free tax relief consultation?
A: For individuals and businesses who owe back taxes to the IRS and have an urgent need to stop or prevent IRS enforcement action and settle IRS tax debt for substantially less than the full amount owed, a free tax relief consultation will provide an overview of the taxpayer's legal tax relief rights and options to resolve taxes and settle for less. All tax relief consultations come with no obligation and there is no charge to get an honest assessment of your current situation and the realistic IRS settlement options available to you.


Was this information useful to you?



Yes



No











Voices of Tax Relief
Who has benefited from Tax Relief? Listen in to  



 “It's really been an easy process”
“I found out I had a tax lien of $250,000 from taxes that I hadn't filed from over ten years. They arranged to give me a payment, get it worked down to $116 a month...it's really been an easy process and everybody's been very helpful, and understanding, not demeaning in any way or anything.” –Richard, VA
Listen to Richard: 



 “They just do what they know best”
“...Because of some difficult family problems and a divorce and some financial issues ... I did not file my income properly...I finally heard about Tax Defense Network on a radio program and...they were hitting the ground running helping me, it was an amazing thing...” –Paul, NJ
Listen to Paul: 



 “You guys have been great”
“...We had gotten a letter from the IRS basically threatening to levy against our property and it's scary...after talking to an IRS representative that really didn't have a clue who I was or anything about me and they really don't care...you guys have been great...” –Sharon, OH
Listen to Sharon: 









Faces of Tax Relief

How can a tax relief specialist help you? These videos will explain...













No Money to Pay the IRS – Facing Personal or Business Hardship?

See if you qualify for IRS hardship relief (including Fresh Start Program)
Begin by answering a few simple questions online:


1. Are you unable to pay IRS back taxes and in need or relief due to a personal or financial hardship?



Yes



No




2. Have you already spoken to the IRS about the nature of your personal or business hardship?



Yes



No



See If I Qualify





Video Guide to IRS Tax Debt Relief




"Can I negotiate with the IRS on my own, or could you deal directly with the IRS on my behalf?"Watch video





"How long will my free tax relief consultation take, and how could it help resolve my back taxes for less?"Watch video





"I'm self-employed. How can you help me resolve my back taxes and protect my family and business?"Watch video





"What makes your organization so respected with the IRS? Can that relationship benefit me and my family?"Watch video





"What are the three options an individual or business has to resolve their tax debt with the IRS?"Watch video





"What if I feel embarrassed and overwhelmed and don't know if I really owe what the IRS is claiming?"Watch video





"How can I protect my rights and assets and reach the best possible resolution with the IRS?"Watch video





"Welcome, if you owe the IRS back taxes, before you do anything else, we highly recommend you watch this video."Watch video





 
        For immediate assistance with an IRS tax matter call (855) 237-1926, or request online.  
    



About Us - Contact Us - Privacy - Terms of Use

Copyright ©2017 TaxReliefCenter.org, All Rights Reserved.






X

Find Out How to Qualify for Taxpayer Relief Programs Click to connect
        (855) 237-1926

 $10,000 tax relief request  in Hayward, CA $10,000 tax relief request  in Camarillo, CA $20,000 tax relief request  in Camarillo, CA $10,000 tax relief request  in Lancaster, CA $10,000 tax relief request  in Sacramento, CA 







































TaxReliefCenter.org - Free Tax Levy and Garnishment Relief Consultation


















Protecting and Defending Taxpayer Rights Help for IRS Back Taxes 
        (844) 335-1451




We help taxpayers 
        get relief from IRS back taxes.
Do You Qualify for IRS Back Tax Relief?
START HEREFree online assessment takes two minutes. IRS documents not required.


Powered by Envoy









We've served more than 1.4 million people all across America in need of relief from IRS back taxes. Below are comments from taxpayers who have been successful at putting stress and worry over IRS back taxes behind them.





...from the first phone call I felt so relieved. Their confidence of relieving from this IRS burden rubbed off on me. I was still scared and spent many sleepness nights worrying but contacting them was the best thing I could have done. I feel like a 100 pounds is off my shoulders so I want to thank Tax Defense. They even told me that I can always call them years from now if I have any questions or need advise and that is another reason why I would advise people to put their trust in them as I did... — Sherri
When you receive a letter in the mail that has IRS on it - you tend to lose a lot of sleep and sometimes don't even open the envelope! I've had that experience and after making contact with TDN, I have to tell you, I slept better. They certainly know how to work through the issues and tame the 900 pound gorilla! — Steve B.
I have to tell you that I was so nervous going through this process however [my tax specialist] walked me though the steps and explained everything in detail. She was able to have a tax levy on my wages released the same day we talked. Trust them they are the real thing. I can't thank you enough [my tax specialist]. — Joel P.








How It Works


Individuals or businesses in need of IRS relief from back taxes call or submit a request online to receive a free consultation from tax resolution experts.

Tax relief specialists take the time to listen, understand your current situation and goals (including any immediate relief you may need to stop or prevent a wage garnishment, tax lien, or bank levy.)

Based on your unique circumstances, tax resolution experts apply existing tax relief code to provide your best options to get immediate relief and reach the lowest possible settlement with the IRS.

You may choose to resolve IRS back taxes on your own, or utilize the expertise of tax specialists who will negotiate the best possible IRS resolution or settlement on your behalf. There are no upfront retainer fees and any fees that apply must be pre-approved by taxpayers in advance, based on the scope of services provided.



How It Works – 4 Simple Steps – The Free Tax Resolution Consultation

Individuals or businesses in need of IRS relief from back taxes call or submit a request online to receive a free consultation from tax resolution experts.Tax relief specialists take the time to listen, understand your current situation and goals (including any immediate relief you may need to stop or prevent a wage garnishment, tax lien, or bank levy.)
Based on your unique circumstances, tax resolution experts apply existing tax relief code to provide your best options to get immediate relief and reach the lowest possible settlement with the IRS.You may choose to resolve IRS back taxes on your own, or utilize the expertise of tax specialists who will negotiate the best possible IRS resolution or settlement on your behalf. There are no upfront retainer fees.
View Common Questions About Tax Relief


Q: Why would the IRS agree to settle back taxes for less?
A: There are a variety of reasons why the IRS agrees to work with taxpayers and settle for less. Often individuals or families are experiencing financial hardship, whether through loss of a job or income, illness, extenuating business or marital circumstances, or a number of other reasons. In addition, there may be "doubt as to collectability", "doubt as to liability", "innocent spouse" or a variety of other tax relief options or tax appeal provisions under the current tax code. In addition, the IRS may lower your tax liability because they feel you simply don't have the financial ability to pay the full amount owed within the statutory time period.
Q: How Can the IRS Fresh Start Initiative Provide Relief for Taxpayers?
A. The IRS Fresh Start program is an effort on the part of the IRS to make it easier for financially distressed taxpayers to resolve back taxes as quickly as possible.  Through a free tax relief consultation, taxpayers can find out if the leniency offered via Fresh Start can provide relief for IRS penalties, IRS liens, and also offer more streamlined processes for Installment Agreement and Offers in Compromise.
Q: What should you do if you've received a collection letter/notice from IRS?
A: Do not ignore IRS letters or enforcement notices. They may be auto-generated but, if ignored, they will lead to a wage garnishment, tax lien, bank account levy or other asset seizure or enforcement action. Stay in contact with the IRS and consider the advantages of a free tax relief consultation - speaking to tax relief specialists who can apprise you fully of your tax relief rights and options under the law and, at your request, negotiate directly with the IRS, to bring your case to a favorable resolution.
Q. How does a free tax relief consultation work?
A. As an individual or business, when you contact the IRS directly, you will likely be communicating with a frontline IRS collector whose task it is to collect on the total amount of tax liability assessed. Through a free tax relief consultation, you will have the opportunity to get a free and fair assessment from a tax relief specialist who can review with you all the circumstances surrounding the amount you owe the IRS, or the IRS claims you owe.  In addition, the tax resolution specialist can also take the time to listen to you, understand what you are going through, and review the options available to reach the best possible settlement with the IRS.
Q. What are some of the most common reasons why taxpayers may qualify for relief?
Many people owe the IRS back taxes for a variety of reasons, in many cases due to unforeseen circumstances beyond their control - including personal or financial hardship, business hardship, medical issues and more. In addition, taxpayers may not have been able to file back taxes for one or more years, or feel they have been unfairly assessed.  There also may be taxpayers who fall into the "currently not collectable" status because they simply cannot afford to pay the tax assessed. In many cases, taxpayers may qualify for relief via the IRS Fresh Start initiative.
Q: If I've fallen behind on my taxes and have the ability to pay the original amount but cannot afford to pay all the penalties and interest added on, can I pay the original amount?
A: Yes, you may qualify for a "Penalty Abatement" to remove penalties and interest. The IRS may waive penalties and interest for a variety of reasons including medical reasons, poor accounting advice, ignorance of the tax laws that apply, ex-spouse circumstances, the need to care and provide for a loved one, and more.
Q: Who can most benefit from tax relief assistance?
A: Typically, individuals and businesses who owe the IRS back taxes ranging from $10,000 to $250,000 or more can realize the greatest benefit from tax relief services.  Tax relief specialists and attorneys have a depth of knowledge and expertise and understand how to apply current tax relief code to reach the best possible tax resolution on behalf of taxpayers - including those who have not filed returns for one or multiple years for a variety of reasons. In addition, tax relief can help individuals or businesses in need of immediate relief to stop or prevent a wage garnishment, tax lien, or bank account levy.
Q: What are the benefits of a free tax relief consultation?
A: For individuals and businesses who owe back taxes to the IRS and have an urgent need to stop or prevent IRS enforcement action and settle IRS tax debt for substantially less than the full amount owed, a free tax relief consultation will provide an overview of the taxpayer's legal tax relief rights and options to resolve taxes and settle for less. All tax relief consultations come with no obligation and there is no charge to get an honest assessment of your current situation and the realistic IRS settlement options available to you.


Was this information useful to you?



Yes



No











Voices of Tax Relief
Who has benefited from Tax Relief? Listen in to  



 “It's really been an easy process”
“I found out I had a tax lien of $250,000 from taxes that I hadn't filed from over ten years. They arranged to give me a payment, get it worked down to $116 a month...it's really been an easy process and everybody's been very helpful, and understanding, not demeaning in any way or anything.” –Richard, VA
Listen to Richard: 



 “They just do what they know best”
“...Because of some difficult family problems and a divorce and some financial issues ... I did not file my income properly...I finally heard about Tax Defense Network on a radio program and...they were hitting the ground running helping me, it was an amazing thing...” –Paul, NJ
Listen to Paul: 



 “You guys have been great”
“...We had gotten a letter from the IRS basically threatening to levy against our property and it's scary...after talking to an IRS representative that really didn't have a clue who I was or anything about me and they really don't care...you guys have been great...” –Sharon, OH
Listen to Sharon: 









Faces of Tax Relief

How can a tax relief specialist help you? These videos will explain...













No Money to Pay the IRS – Facing Personal or Business Hardship?

See if you qualify for IRS hardship relief (including Fresh Start Program)
Begin by answering a few simple questions online:


1. Are you unable to pay IRS back taxes and in need or relief due to a personal or financial hardship?



Yes



No




2. Have you already spoken to the IRS about the nature of your personal or business hardship?



Yes



No



See If I Qualify





Video Guide to IRS Tax Debt Relief




"Can I negotiate with the IRS on my own, or could you deal directly with the IRS on my behalf?"Watch video





"How long will my free tax relief consultation take, and how could it help resolve my back taxes for less?"Watch video





"I'm self-employed. How can you help me resolve my back taxes and protect my family and business?"Watch video





"What makes your organization so respected with the IRS? Can that relationship benefit me and my family?"Watch video





"What are the three options an individual or business has to resolve their tax debt with the IRS?"Watch video





"What if I feel embarrassed and overwhelmed and don't know if I really owe what the IRS is claiming?"Watch video





"How can I protect my rights and assets and reach the best possible resolution with the IRS?"Watch video





"Welcome, if you owe the IRS back taxes, before you do anything else, we highly recommend you watch this video."Watch video





 
        For immediate assistance with an IRS tax matter call (844) 335-1451, or request online.  
    



About Us - Contact Us - Privacy - Terms of Use

Copyright ©2017 TaxReliefCenter.org, All Rights Reserved.






X

Find Out How to Qualify for Taxpayer Relief Programs Click to connect
        (844) 335-1451

 $10,000 tax relief request  in Hayward, CA $10,000 tax relief request  in Camarillo, CA $20,000 tax relief request  in Camarillo, CA $10,000 tax relief request  in Lancaster, CA $10,000 tax relief request  in Sacramento, CA 




































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























