


Aylwin Lewis - Wikipedia






















 






Aylwin Lewis

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article needs more links to other articles to help integrate it into the encyclopedia. Please help improve this article by adding links that are relevant to the context within the existing text. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (January 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Aylwin B. Lewis (born May 28, 1954) is an American businessman. He is currently the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Potbelly Sandwich Works since June 2008.




Aylwin B. Lewis


Career[edit]
In 1995, Aylwin Lewis became Senior VP of Marketing and Operations Development, a job he left in 1996 for a position as Senior VP of Operations at Pizza Hut. In 1997, he was promoted to COO at Pizza Hut; in 2000, he became COO at Yum! Brands. In 2004 he became CEO of K-Mart and shortly after merged with Sears and became CEO of Sears Holding. At Potbelly, where he was hired as CEO in 2008, Lewis led the drive to take Potbelly public.
Sources[edit]
Periodicals
• Chain Store Age, December 2004, p. 39.
• Detroit News, October 19, 2004.
• Houston Chronicle, October 19, 2004, p. 11.
• International Herald Tribune, November 19, 2004, p. 19.
• Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News, October 19, 2004; November 21, 2004.
• Seattle Times, November 18, 2004, p. E1.






v
t
e


The Walt Disney Company






Company timeline
Retlaw Enterprises
Criticism





Company
officials




Founders



Walter Elias Disney
Roy Oliver Disney





Executives



Bob Iger (CEO)
Alan N. Braverman (SEVP/GC)
Christine McCarthy (CFO)





Board of directors



Susan Arnold
John S. Chen
Jack Dorsey
Bob Iger (Chairman)
Fred Langhammer
Aylwin Lewis
Monica C. Lozano
Robert Matschullat
Mark Parker
Sheryl Sandberg
Orin C. Smith (Independent Lead)








Walt Disney Studios



Walt Disney Animation Studios
Walt Disney Pictures
Distribution

Touchstone Pictures


Disney Music Group
Disney Theatrical Group
Disneynature
Home Entertainment
Lucasfilm
Marvel Studios
Pixar





Media Networks



Disney–ABC TV Group

ABC Entertainment Group
ABC TV Stations
A+E
Disney Channel
Hulu


ESPN (80%)





Parks and Resorts



Adventures by Disney
Disney Cruise Line
Walt Disney Imagineering
Disneyland Resort
Disney Regional Entertainment
Disney Vacation Club
Disneyland Paris
Walt Disney World Resort
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
Shanghai Disney Resort





DCPI



Disney Consumer Products

Disney Store


Disney Publishing Worldwide

Disney English


The Muppets Studio




Disney Interactive



Babble
Disney Mobile
Disney Online
Maker Studios








International



Argentina
CIS
France
India

UTV Software Communications


Italy
Latin America





Other assets



Buena Vista
Marvel Entertainment
Reedy Creek Energy












v
t
e


Sears Holdings



Current Management:



Edward Lampert, Chairman (major owner), President and CEO





Founders:



S. S. Kresge
Alvah Curtis Roebuck
Richard Warren Sears





Retailers:



Kmart
mygofer
Sears

Canada
Mexico







Brands:



DieHard
Kenmore
Joe Boxer
Thom McAn
Shopyourway
Toughskins





Spin-offs:



Allstate
Borders Group
Builders Square
Coldwell Banker
Craftsman
Dean Witter Reynolds
Discover Card
The Great Indoors
Homart Development Company
Kmart Australia
Lands' End
OfficeMax
Orchard Supply Hardware
Pace Membership Warehouse
PayLess Drug Store
Prodigy
Sports Authority
Venture Stores
Waldenbooks






External links[edit]

Aylwin Lewis Corporate Bio





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Aylwin_Lewis&oldid=783006255"					
Categories: 1954 birthsLiving peopleAmerican chief executives of food industry companiesDirectors of DisneyHouston Baptist University alumniUniversity of Houston alumniAmerican chief operating officersHidden categories: Articles with too few wikilinks from March 2017All articles with too few wikilinksArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from March 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyBLP articles lacking sources from January 2016All BLP articles lacking sourcesPlace of birth missing (living people) 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Português 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 May 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






                  Ripoff Report | Sears Holdings Corporation - Aylwin B. Lewis Complaint Review Hoffman Estates, Illinois                    Ripoff Report | Complaints Reviews Scams Lawsuits Frauds Reported. File your review. Consumers educating consumers.™     By consumers, for consumers...    Don't let them get away with it!® Let the truth be known!™   
            FILE A REPORT
               Review Latest Reports Advanced Search Browse Categories        Total Visits since 1998: 8,823,000,000+ Estimated money Consumers saved since 1998: $15,449,000,000+ Reports filed: 1,995,000+            Update a Report   Programs & Services    VIP Arbitration Corporate Advocacy Program – Verified Status Guardian+ Program – Verified Status Verified Status Explained      Help & FAQs    FAQs – General Questions Legal Issues Contact Us      Consumer Resources   Verified Business Directory   Legal Directory   Consumers Say Thank You   In the Media   Ripoff Report Investigates     Repair your reputation the right way Corporate Advocacy Program     Reputation Management Corporate Advocacy Program This is the best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how a business took care of business. All business will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses. Consumers love to do business with someone that can admit mistakes and state how they made improvements.  Corporate Advocacy Business Remediation and Customer Satisfaction Program. A program that benefits the consumer, assures them of complete satisfaction and confidence when doing business with a member business.         Register or  Login
                Your  Account
                         
        Home > Reports > Stores > Home Garden Stores > Sears Holdings Corporation   Aylwin B Lewis > Sears Holdings Corporation   Aylwin B Lewis Ceo, Poorly Designed Product Ripoff Hoffman Estates Illinois       
        Ripoff Report protects consumers first amendment right to free speech              Report: #168112     Report - Rebuttal - Arbitrate  Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
						No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
					    Complaint Review: Sears Holdings Corporation - Aylwin B. Lewis      Related Reports     EDitorial Comments  Political Signs Must Go!    EDitorial Comment ED Magedson – Founder
        Ripoff Report
        Ripoff Report Investigates!  FACE CREAMRipoff! Likely in a Mall near you...       WARNING! 
        HAVE YOU BEEN A VICTIM OF"FACE CREAM FRAUD"? 
        Consumers Reported Ripoffs byMall predators
         
            Kiosk hucksters offeringfree skin cream trials...Only thing... it's NOT free!  
                WHAT IS YOUR STORY?
                ARE YOU A VICTIM?
                FORMER EMPLOYEE?   
                WE WANT TO HEAR IT!
             
                Contact Our Team Now:
             investigate@ripoffreport.com       Featured Ripoff Reports      View More RecentFeatured Reports   View past featured reports   Ripoff Report in the Media     
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19
				    
					Ripoff Report on CBS 19 - Global Marketing Alliance
				    
					Ripoff Report on ABC 15 - Smart Shopper
				    
					Ripoff Report - Girls Gone Wild
				    
					Ripoff Report on Fox 11 - Car Repair
				    See more videos   
        What the BBB has done to consumers for over 100 years is one of the many reasons why Ripoff Report was created.
        BBB: What consumers need to know
     
    20/20 exposes the real BBB
      Submitted:  Fri, December 16, 2005   Updated:  Fri, December 16, 2005    Reported By:
									     —
	                                    Alpine California          Sears Holdings Corporation - Aylwin B. Lewis  3333 Beverly Road 
				    							Hoffman Estates, Illinois								      		 U.S.A.     Phone:  Web:   Category: Home & Garden Stores            Sears Holdings Corporation - Aylwin B. Lewis CEO, Poorly designed product ripoff Hoffman Estates Illinois *Consumer Comment: I stopped buying from them because they are so bad   Print this Report   Email this Report         Tweet     REBUTTAL BOX™ | Respond to this Report!     Add Rebuttal to this Report What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Arbitrate & Set Record Straight     File New Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.        0Author 1Consumer 0Employee/Owner       ← Is this Ripoff Report
    								About you?  Ripoff Report
    								A business' first
    								line of defense on the Internet.  
    								If your business is
    								willing to make a
    								commitment to
    								customer satisfaction Click here now..   
    								Does your business have a bad reputation?
    								Fix it the right way. Corporate Advocacy Program™   SEO Reputation Management at its best!    
										Following is Letter sent to Sears CEO after repeated attempts to resolve with eschelon of Sears employess: 
November 4, 2005 
Mr. Aylwin B. Lewis
Chief Executive Officer, President
Sears Holdings Corporation
3333 Beverly Road
Hoffman Estates, IL 60179 
Dear Mr. Lewis: 
It is out of frustration that I write you.  I've had better than 20 phone conversations with Sears representatives concerning the below abbreviated problem.  I have been mislead, inconvenienced, told untruths, denied satisfaction, hung up on, not called back, etc.   
Yesterday, being totally disgusted, I accepted a token $50 gift certificate just to get off the phone.  This is not good for me or for Sears. For 40 plus years I have purchased Sears products, from clothes and tools through large Kenmore appliances. Rarely have I had a problem, always resolved until now. A superior customer relationship has been violated and diminished.   
In 2001 we purchased a Craftsman Leaf Blower 358.794341.  After several uses (10-20) it stopped working.  This unit was replaced under warranty 5/27/02.  From then until 10/21/05 this replacement unit sat brand new in my gardening workroom, never used.  On 10/21 I used it to vacuum one of our outside decks.  These decks are usually power washed.  This blower was run at most 40 minutes and then shut off temporarily.  It would not start again. 
I called Sears 800-235-5878 and was switched to Sara  very knowledgeable.  No spark or compression, take it to the Sears repair operation.  Sara said this unit has a recall status for bad piston/ cylinder issues.  I will not be charged for repair even though the unit is out of warranty.   
I dropped the unit off the next day  my home phone number is xxx-xxx-xxxx and you can trace the many calls and history associated with this blower (service repair #99332765) in 2 plus weeks. I made sure the recall notation was noted on the service order.  A few days passed and Fontana CA repair technician Ashlee called me.  
Sure enough, the piston/ cylinder was in fact damaged, there was no recall, and I must pay $130 to repair the unit. I explained it was brand new, she agreed it looked new and not used.  Ashlee also said that my gas/ fuel mixture was fine and that the damage was probably caused by a broken piece of metal within the engine.  
Several calls were made to locate Sara (the recall person), not findable within 3 call centers and 500 employees.  Nothing was ever documented on the Sears side.  In fact, of the several Sears employees I did subsequently speak with, few made documentation of our conversations. (Sara, Ashlee, Kevin, Sharon, Adrianna, Scott, Tom 48483, Ann 50486, Gloria, Julian, to name a few.) I was transferred many, many times and even hung up on by Scott on 10/24. 
I left 3 messages for Kevin Price, Director of Home Services (847-286-2500) He never called back. (I was told he is too busy and travels a lot  I guess I'm not too busy?)  Switched from Kevin Price's office on 10/26/05 I filed a complaint with Gloria.  I was to receive a call back within 24/48 hours  it never came.  
Mr. Lewis, I do hope you value my time more than Kevin Price.  More importantly, I sincerely hope you value our business relationship.  Please replace this defective leaf blower.  And, from one business owner to a business executive, please fix Sears communication and customer service deficiencies.  There should be decision makers and note takers. 
Sincerely, 
Steven
Alpine, CaliforniaU.S.A.   CLICK here to see why Rip-off Report, as a matter of policy, deleted either a phone number, link or e-mail address from this Report.      This report was posted on Ripoff Report on 12/16/2005 06:36 AM and is a permanent record located here:
									http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/sears-holdings-corporation-aylwin-b-lewis/hoffman-estates-illinois-60179/sears-holdings-corporation-aylwin-b-lewis-ceo-poorly-designed-product-ripoff-hoffman-e-168112.
									The posting time indicated is Arizona local time. Arizona does not observe daylight savings so the post time may be Mountain or Pacific depending on the time of year. Ripoff Report has an exclusive license to this report. It may not be copied without the written permission of Ripoff Report. READ: Foreign websites steal our content   
										Click Here to read other Ripoff Reports on Sears Holdings Corporation - Aylwin B. Lewis									    Search for additional reports If you would like to see more Rip-off Reports on this company/individual, search here:  Search Search Tips  In order to assure the best results in your search:  Keep the name short & simple, and try different variations of the name. Do not include ".com", "S", "Inc.", "Corp", or "LLC" at the end of the Company name. Use only the first/main part of a name to get best results. Only search one name at a time if Company has many AKA's.      
									Report & Rebuttal
								  Respond to this report! File a Rebuttal What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Also a victim? File a Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation! Get Started What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.    Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
										No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
									     
										REBUTTALS & REPLIES:

										 0Author 1Consumer 0Employee/Owner    Updates & Rebuttals     #1 Consumer Comment  I stopped buying from them because they are so bad AUTHOR: Cory -  (U.S.A.) SUBMITTED: Friday, December 16, 2005 POSTED: Friday, December 16, 2005  
														Yeah but, it sat in "your gardening workroom, never used" for three and a half years. Try parking your car or anything with an IC engine in it and see what happens if you start it up and run it without preforming any maintanence first. I never heard where several was 10 or 20. So, in essence you want them to give you a five year warranty. After 25 years doing business with sears(s-mart), I stopped buying from them because they are so bad. Polite way to put it.													   Respond to this report!  What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?      
											Report & Rebuttal
										  Respond to this report! File a Rebuttal What's this?  Are you an owner, employee or ex-employee with either negative or positive information about the company or individual, or can you provide "insider information" on this company?    Also a victim? File a Report What's this?  Are you also a victim of the same company or individual? Want Justice? File a Rip-off Report, help other consumers to be educated and don't let them get away with it!    Repair Your Reputation! Get Started What's this?  Got Reports filed against you? Resolve the issues and rebuild trust through our Corporate Advocacy Program. Corporate Advocacy Program: The best way to manage and repair your business reputation. Hiding negative complaints is only a Band-Aid. Consumers want to see how businesses take care of business. All businesses will get complaints. How those businesses take care of those complaints is what separates good businesses from bad businesses.    Arbitrate  Remove Reports?
												No! Better yet! Arbitrate to set the record straight!
											                                                                     Ripoff Report RecommendsZipBooks Accounting Software
        and ZipBooks for Invoice Templates     
      Advertisers above have met our
       strict standards for business conduct.
                                     Home File a Report Consumer Resources Search Top Trends Link to Ripoff Report Customer Support for Technical Issues General Questions and Suggestions   Privacy Policy Terms of Service FAQ About Us Why Ripoff Report will not release author information! Go to Mobile Version of Ripoff Report   Thank You Emails! Corporate Advocacy Program: How to repair your business reputation. Ed Magedson - Ripoff Report Founder   Want to sue Ripoff Report? Donate to our Efforts BadBusinessBureau.com Media Requests Contact Us   
          Copyright © 1998-2017, Ripoff Report. All rights reserved.
               X                



Sears CEO Aylwin Lewis to step down - Business - US business | NBC News


































Jump to story headline


MSN
Outlook

More

Autos
My MSN
Video
Careers & Jobs
Personals
Weather
Delish
Quotes
White Pages
Games
Real Estate
Wonderwall
Horoscopes
Shopping
Yellow Pages
Local Edition
Traffic
Feedback
Maps & Directions
Travel
Full MSN Index


Bing



NBCNews.com
sites & shows:

TODAY
Nightly News
Meet the Press
Dateline
Morning Joe
Hardball
Ed
Maddow
The Last Word
msnbc







Home


US


World


Politics


Business


Sports


Entertainment


Health


Tech


Science


Travel


Local


Weather






U.S. business
on
NBCNews.com



Search














Advertise




            Sears CEO Aylwin Lewis to step down
        

            Management shake-up comes amid slumping sales
        

Below:



x

Jump to discuss

                    comments below
                







discuss
            






x

Jump to data

                    See the latest rates around the country
                







data
            





x

Latest market data 



DJIA





-




Stock search










related
        














Advertise









Gregory Bull
             / 
            AP

Aylwin B. Lewis was an executive at fast-food chain Yum Brands Inc. when he was hired as president and CEO of Kmart in 2004. A year later, he assumed the same role for Sears Holdings.









    updated 
    1/28/2008 3:37:39 PM ET
2008-01-28T20:37:39




Print


        Font:

+
-




CHICAGO — Sears Holdings Corp. abruptly announced the departure of president and chief executive Aylwin B. Lewis on Monday, leaving a management void at the top of the department store chain controlled by Chairman Edward S. Lampert as it tries a high-stakes restructuring to reconnect with customers and reinvigorate slumping sales.
    
Lewis was an executive at fast-food chain Yum Brands Inc. and had little retail experience when was hand-picked by Lampert in 2004 to run Kmart and later Sears. W. Bruce Johnson was named as interim CEO while the company looks for a permanent successor.
Monday’s announcement marked the latest chapter for the venerable retailer, which has seen its competitors snatch away customers since Lampert acquired Kmart in 2003 and Sears, Roebuck and Co. in 2005.
At the time, Lampert — a masterful hedge fund investor who controls all major decisions made at Sears Holdings — promised to reinvigorate the faded retail icons and “transform them into a great company.”
Nearly three years later, Lampert’s task has proven difficult, if not downright impossible, as customers continue to flee the company’s 3,800 tired stores in droves, taking their wallets them.
“He certainly has his work cut out for him,” said Morningstar analyst Kim Picciola. “Even the total organizational change is an indicator that it was a much greater challenge than what they realized.”
For the first three quarters of the year, Sears’ profit has fallen more than 40 percent. And earlier this month the company said it managed to post third-quarter earnings of just $2 million — down 99 percent from last year.

Advertise


Advertise




Advertise



Adding to investors’ frustrations, was a warning that Sears would likely post fourth-quarter earnings well below Wall Street forecasts as eroding sales push its profit down as much as 57 percent.
The company said it expects to earn between $350 million and $470 million, or $2.59 to $3.48 per share, for the quarter ending Saturday — far less than the $4.43 per share sought by analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial. Sears earned $820 million in the fourth quarter a year earlier.
The string of bad news prompted Lampert, whose ESL Investments Inc. owns 42 percent of Sears’ common stock, to announce a reorganization for the Hoffman Estates-based company last week, structuring the company into five types of units: operating businesses, support businesses, brands, online and real estate.
“The board has determined that now is the right time to put in place new leadership to take the company forward,” Lampert said Monday in a statement.
But with its once-hefty war chest shrinking — cash and cash equivalents declined to $1.5 billion at the end of the third quarter, down from $4 billion in February — investors aren’t sure if how much money Lampert has to effectively fix Sears.
In addition to leaving as CEO, the 52-year-old Lewis will also resign from its board.
Monday’s news did little to the company’s stock price, which has fallen dramatically in the past year, and Standard & Poor’s said the news would have no affect on Sears’ credit outlook.
“Since its formation in 2005, Sears Holdings ... has made progress in cutting costs, but has not been able to show improvement in sales,” Standard & Poor credit analyst Gerald Hirschberg said in statement. “We continue to believe that top-line growth will be very challenging, despite the reorganization and change in management.”
Retail consultant Howard Davidowitz, who is chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, said he questions how Sears can embark on such an ambitious restoration plan without a full-time chief executive at the helm.
“This is further chaos at Sears,” said Davidowitz, who has long been skeptical of Lampert’s ability to successfully run a retailer. “The company is in free fall with an interim CEO and things look more chaotic than they did before and the worst is yet to come.”
The company gave no timeline for finding a full-time replacement for Lewis, who was one of the nation’s few black CEOs of a Fortune 500 company, but industry experts said Sears needs to tap an executive with retail experience if the company has any hopes of succeeding.
“It’s been an ongoing concern of ours that there hasn’t been anyone with merchandising experience at the helm,” Picciola said. “And given the weak competitive position and struggles on the merchandising front, we’re hopeful they’ll find someone with experience in this area.”

Advertise


Advertise




Advertise



Johnson, an executive vice president of supply chain and operations, joined Kmart in 2003 after working at French retailer Carrefour SA and consumer products maker Colgate-Palmolive Co.
Meanwhile Monday, Sears disclosed in a regulatory filing that it may still be interested in acquiring trendy retro-themed retailer Restoration Hardware Inc., but for a lower price than its tentative $6.75-per-share November bid.
Sears, which owns 13.7 percent of Restoration Hardware, said it was evaluating the latest private equity offer for the Corte Madera, Calif.-based company “in order to understand the implications for any deal that Sears Holdings might contemplate.”
Last week, Catterton Partners lowered its bid for the home-furnishing store by more than $2 per share to $4.50 per share, or about $179 million, amid a weak housing market.
Sears shares, which reached a high of $195.18 in April, rose 92 cents to $99.92 in afternoon trading.

 
   Copyright 2008 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. 
 
























Discuss: 

Discussion comments















“

”




Expand
Collapse




,
                
                


Reply






Advertise


Advertise




Advertise







View all comments




Leave your comment








You



Most active discussions



 votes
             comments




 votes
             comments




 votes
             comments




 votes
             comments






Show discussion







 Data: Latest rates in the US




Mortgage rates
View rates in your area



Mortgage type
Today
+/-
Chart


30 yr fixed mtg
3.85%




15 yr fixed mtg
3.03%




30 yr fixed jumbo mtg
4.09%







Auto rates
View rates in your area



Auto type
Today
+/-
Chart


48 month new car loan
3.06%




36 month used car loan
3.22%




36 month new car loan
2.76%









Home equity rates
View rates in your area



Home equity type
Today
+/-
Chart


$30K HELOC FICO
5.09%




$30K home equity loan FICO
5.19%




$75K home equity loan FICO
4.67%







Credit card rates
View more rates



Card type
Today
+/-
Last Week


Low Interest Cards
13.34%

13.32%


Cash Back Cards
17.82%

17.81%


Rewards Cards
17.07%

17.06%







Savings rates
View rates in your area



Savings type
Today
+/-
Chart


Money market account
0.31%




$10K Money market account
0.32%




6 month CD
0.43%







Advertise | AdChoices














Source: Bankrate.com






        Related:
        
            U.S. business




                Major market indices Quotes delayed 15+ min.




DJIA





-




NASDAQ





-




S&P 500





-






Advertise






More U.S. business





    Future of 3D TV dims as ESPN yanks in-your-face channel
    





    No prenup could cost oil baron billions in divorce
    





    T-Rex burger now extinct from Canadian Wendy's
    





    Got water? Keeping it flowing could get expensive
    





    Warren Buffett lunch, sans inside secrets, goes for $1mln+
    








		Stories from 
	





    How You Can Profit from a Stamp Price Hike, Plus 5 More Things You'll Want to Know Today
    





    Weekly Jobless Claims Fall to Near 6-Year Low
    





    Economic Growth Remains Unchanged at 2.5% in 2Q
    





    Market Minute: BlackBerry Buyout in Doubt? JPMorgan Mulls Massive Settlement Deal
    






    Related videos 













Video



    Mark Zuckerberg: Facebook effect is ‘mind-blowing’
    













Video



    Bill George: Not clear who's running Microsoft
    













Video



    ‘Talking’ Cars? It Needs to Happen, Feds Say
    













Video



    Woman who quit job in GoDaddy ad: Boss was stunned
    













Search









                Most popular on msnbc.com





                Categories
All
US & World
Politics
Business
Sports
Entertainment
Health
Tech & science
Travel



                Most popular



                        Trending
                    

                        Views
                    





                        Loading popular content ...
                    



                        Popular stories currently unavailable
                    





                Top videos
Popular videos currently unavailable







NBCNews.com
sites & shows:

TODAY
Nightly News
Meet the Press
Dateline
Morning Joe
Hardball
Ed
Maddow
The Last Word
msnbc


© 2017 NBCNews.com

About us


Help


Careers


Contact


Alerts


Feeds


Podcasts


Apps


Widgets


Stock data


Privacy policy


Terms & conditions


About our ads



AdChoices



Site map






















Aylwin Lewis, Chairman and CEO leaving Potbelly Corporation (NASDAQ:PBPB) | Benchmark Monitor



































Home
Contact Us
Editorial & Research
Privacy Policy
Terms
 






















				July 19, 2017		



Aylwin Lewis, Chairman and CEO leaving Potbelly Corporation (NASDAQ:PBPB)





Potbelly Corporation (NASDAQ:PBPB) disclosed in an SEC filing: Potbelly Corporation (the “Company”) reported in its Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May, 31, 2017, that Aylwin Lewis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will be leaving Potbelly later this year. On July 18, 2017, the Company’s Board of Directors appointed Michael Coyne, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), as the interim Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Lewis will continue his role as Chairman of the Board of Directors through August 8, 2017. The Board of Directors has engaged an executive search consultant to assist in identifying and evaluating prospective candidates for the role of Chief Executive Officer.
Potbelly Corporation (NASDAQ:PBPB)’s stock on Tuesday traded at beginning with a price of $12.45 and when day-trade ended the stock finally slumped -0.80% to reach at $12.45. Analyst’s mean target price for PBPB is $12.60 while analysts mean recommendation is 3.00. Stock value has moved between $10.46 – 14.48 in last one year.
Analyst’s ratings play a very important role in outlining a stock’s performance. Let us check out how analysts have ranked PBPB based on current scenarios. Stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 1 analyst(s) whereas last month 1 analyst(s) have given outperform rating. SELL rating has been given by 0 analyst(s) and 0 analyst(s) given BUY rating to the stock. Company fiscal year is ending in December and analysts’ consensus recommendation is Hold for PBPB and estimated EPS for next quarter is $0.09.
Potbelly Corporation (NASDAQ:PBPB) yearly performance is -4.82% and net profit margin is 1.90%. Annual EPS Growth of past 5 years is 23.40%. The current share price indicates that stock is -14.43% away from its one year high and is moving 18.57% ahead of its 52-week low.







On 18 July 2017, Jones Energy, Inc. (NYSE:JONE) stock price started the day at $1.40 and moved between $1.30 – 1.40 to finally close at $1.40. JONE’s distance from 20 day simple moving average is -7.28% and distance from 50-Day simple moving average is -24.45%. In last 4 months performance of JONE was -31.71% while its price to sale ratio is 1.03 and price to book ratio is 0.20.
Analysts expect Jones Energy, Inc. (NYSE:JONE) to report $ -0.17 EPS and has got OUTPERFORM rating from 5 of Thomson Reuters analysts and 1 analyst(s) given UNDERPERFORM rating. Analyst’s mean target price for JONE is $3.83 while analysts mean recommendation is 2.30. Firm LT growth rate is estimated as 44.17 %.
Jones Energy, Inc. (NYSE:JONE) announced initial production rates for the Company’s Merge wells, second quarter production, and has scheduled a conference call with management to discuss mid-year updates. BOMHOFF #2, JONE’s first Meramec well, achieves top decile of Merge wells, reaching a peak rate of 650 Bo/d and 6,306 Mcf/d. BOMHOFF #1, JONE’s first Woodford Generation 3 frac, shows 3x uplift from Generation 2 frac average, achieves peak rate of 278 Bo/d and 3,574 Mcf/d. Second Merge rig deployed as planned July 1, 2017. Arkoma divestiture is anticipated to close on August 1, 2017. Second quarter production of approximately 23,800 Boe/d, exceeding high end of guidance.
Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W)’s stock on Tuesday traded at beginning with a price of $74.49 and when day-trade ended the stock finally popped up 0.89% to reach at $75.72. Analyst’s mean target price for W is $70.56 while analysts mean recommendation is 2.20. Stock value has moved between $27.64 – 79.71 in last one year.
Stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 2 analyst(s) whereas last month 4 analyst(s) have given outperform rating. SELL rating has been given by 0 analyst(s) and 7 analyst(s) given BUY rating to the stock. Company fiscal year is ending in December and analysts’ consensus recommendation is Outperform for W and estimated EPS for next quarter is $-0.40 .
Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W) yearly performance is 88.26% and net profit margin is -5.80%. The current share price indicates that stock is -4.55% away from its one year high and is moving 174.35% ahead of its 52-week low.

 






 

About Karen


					View all posts by Karen → 








 



									Polaris Industries Inc. (NYSE:PII) downgraded to neutral, Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE:JNPR) upgraded to outperform	
								



									July 21, 2017								





 



									Endo International plc (NASDAQ:ENDP) to cut 875 jobs, The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) price target raised to $135	
								



									July 21, 2017								





 



									Pre-Market Movers: Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (publ) (NASDAQ:ERIC), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), Nuance Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:NUAN), eBay Inc. (NASDAQ:EBAY), Vodafone Group Plc (ADR) (NASDAQ:VOD)	
								



									July 21, 2017								




 

Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 




 







Recent
Popular
Comments












										Polaris Industries Inc. (NYSE:PII) downgraded to n...	
									




										July 21, 2017									










										Endo International plc (NASDAQ:ENDP) to cut 875 jo...	
									




										July 21, 2017									










										Pre-Market Movers: Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson...	
									




										July 21, 2017									










										Pre-Market Decliners: Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ...	
									




										July 21, 2017									










										Pre-Market Advancers: Bank Mutual Corporation (NAS...	
									




										July 21, 2017									










										Aeterna Zentaris Inc. (NASDAQ:AEZS) Surged 12.86% ...	
									




										July 21, 2017									














										Spotify report operating loss of $389 million in 2...	
									




										June 19, 2017									


3 







										BlackBerry Ltd (NASDAQ:BBRY) and Ascent entered in...	
									




										March 15, 2017									


1 







										BlackBerry Ltd (NASDAQ:BBRY) announced the additio...	
									




										March 20, 2017									


1 







										Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL)’s chief propo...	
									




										May 8, 2017									


1 







										Momentum Stocks: The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO), ...	
									




										May 23, 2017									


1 










										Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) will move some product...	
									




										June 21, 2017									


1 









 

PulSe

Ford Focus - consider yourself off my list of pos...




												June 21, 2017											





 

Jane Donald

hey this is about Spotify not shopify




												June 19, 2017											





 

Nathan

I think you meant the privately held Spotify, not...




												June 19, 2017											





 

Marco Imperatore

Did you mean Spotify????  Shopify is not a music ...




												June 19, 2017											





 

scott teryer

Please do some research. Time to short Twitter.  ...




												May 24, 2017											





 

Kirk Pepperdine

The Java Community has been talking to Oracle abo...




												May 9, 2017											






 


 





















Aylwin B. Lewis: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 10:11 PM ET
Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure

Company Overview of Potbelly Sandwich Works, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Aylwin B. Lewis  President and Chief Executive Officer, Potbelly Sandwich Works, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 6 Board Members in 6 different organizations across 10 different industries.See Board Relationships62--
Background

		Mr. Aylwin B. Lewis serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Potbelly Sandwich Works, LLC. Mr. Lewis served as the President of Sears Holdings Corporation from September 2005 to February 2008. Mr. Lewis served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Potbelly Corporation from June 2008 to July 18, 2017 and has been its Chairman of the Board since October 2013. He joined Potbelly Corporation in 2008. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Sears Holdings ... Corporation from September 30, 2005 to February 2008. Mr. Lewis served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Kmart Holding Corp. and Sears Retail since November 2004. Mr. Lewis joined Kmart from YUM! Brands Inc. He is a 13-year veteran of YUM! Brands beginning his career as a Restaurant General Manager and rising through the ranks to his most recent position at YUM!. Mr. Lewis was responsible for executing YUM!'s global operating platform, multi-branding expansion and Restaurant Information Systems. Mr. Lewis served as the Chief Multi Branding and Operating Officer of YUM! Brands Inc., from 2000 to October 2004 and served as its President from January 2003 to October 2004. Mr. Lewis served as YUM's Chief Operating Officer from December 1999 to January 2003 and Executive Vice President, Operations and New Business Development from January 2000 to July 2000. He was also responsible for the operation of 2600 multi-branded restaurants and YUM! Brands Inc.'s 1,250 Long John Silver's and 900 A&W All-American Food restaurants from 1996 to 2000, he served as Chief Operating Officer of Pizza Hut. Mr. Lewis served as a Senior Vice President, Operations for Pizza Hut from 1996 to 1997. He served in various positions at KFC, including Senior Director of Franchising and Vice President of Restaurant Support Services, becoming Division Vice President, Operations for KFC in 1993 and Senior Vice President, New Concepts for KFC in 1995. He joined KFC in 1991 as a Regional General Manager. His first job after college was as District Manager of Operations for Jack in the Box, a chain owned by Foodmaker Inc., covering a district in Texas. He advanced in a variety of food retail positions, including those with KFC. Following the spin-off of PepsiCo's Restaurant Division as Tricon Global Restaurants Inc., he ultimately was put in a new position at Tricon as Executive Vice President of Operations & New Business Development. He has been Director of Marriott International, Inc since September 23, 2016. He has been an Independent Director of The Walt Disney Company since January 2004. He serves as a Trustee at Rush University Medical Center. He has been Director of Potbelly Corporation since June 2008. He serves as a Director of World Business Chicago. He has been a Director of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. since January 2, 2013. He serves as a Member of Investor and Executive Council at D Cubed Group, LLC. He served as a Director of Sears Holdings Corporation since October 18, 2004. He served as a Director of Halliburton Company since 2001. Mr. Lewis has nearly 30 years of experience in the quick service restaurant industry. Mr. Lewis received BA in English Literature and BS in Hotel and Restaurant Management from the University of Houston and MBA from the University of Houston. He also received a master's degree from Houston Baptist University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
222 Merchandise Mart PlazaChicago, Illinois 60654United StatesPhone: 312-836-1007Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
General TrusteeRush University Medical CenterDirectorWorld Business Chicago2004-PresentIndependent DirectorThe Walt Disney Company2008-PresentChairmanPotbelly Corporation2013-PresentDirectorStarwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc.2016-PresentDirectorMarriott International, Inc.
Education
BA 1976University of Houston SystemBS 1976University of Houston SystemMBA 1990University of Houston SystemMaster's Degree Houston Baptist University
Other Affiliations
Marriott International, Inc.Halliburton CompanyThe Walt Disney CompanyStarwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc.Yum! Brands, Inc.Potbelly CorporationUniversity of Houston SystemHouston Baptist UniversitySears Holdings CorporationRush University Medical CenterWorld Business ChicagoD Cubed Group, LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Potbelly Sandwich Works, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Aylwin B. Lewis - The Walt Disney Company














































Skip to content













 
Aylwin B. Lewis Director since 2004 

Aylwin B. Lewis, 62, has served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Potbelly Sandwich Works since 2011, and as President and Chief Executive Officer since 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Sears Holdings Corporation, a nationwide retailer, from 2005 to 2008. Prior to being named Chief Executive Officer of Sears, Mr. Lewis was President of Sears Holdings and Chief Executive Officer of Kmart and Sears Retail following Sears’ acquisition of Kmart Holding Corporation in 2005. Prior to that acquisition, Mr. Lewis had been President and Chief Executive Officer of Kmart since 2004. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis held a variety of leadership positions at YUM! Brands, Inc., a franchisor and licensor of quick service restaurants from 2000 until 2004. Mr. Lewis served on the board of directors of Sears Holding Corp. from 2005 through 2008, on the Board of Directors of Kmart from 2004 through 2008 and on the Board of Directors of Potbelly Sandwich Works since 2008. Mr. Lewis was a director of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide from January 2013 to September 2016, and has been a director of Marriott International Inc. since September 2016. Mr. Lewis has been a Director of the Company since 2004.


Download JPG






View more Leadership























Aylwin B. Lewis - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Aylwin B. Lewis
Chairman of the Board at Potbelly Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Aylwin B. Lewis? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Aylwin B. Lewis's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Aylwin B. Lewis's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Aylwin B. Lewis's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Aylwin B. Lewis through your network of contacts.
												








Aylwin B. Lewis's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, 
Potbelly Corporation


Board Member, 
The Walt Disney Company


Board Member, 
Marriott International, Inc.


Past
To view Aylwin B. Lewis's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
62

 
 


Aylwin B. Lewis's Biography



Mr. Lewis has served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Potbelly Corporation, a franchisor of quick service restaurants, since June 2008. From September 2005 to February 2008, Mr. Lewis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Sears Holdings Corporation, a nationwide retailer. Prior to being named Chief Executive Officer of Sears, Mr. Lewis was President of Sears Holdings and Chief Executive Officer of KMart and Sears Retail following Sears' acquisition of Kmart Holding Corporation in March 2005. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis was President and Chief Executive Officer of KMart since October 2004. Mr. Lewis was Chief Multi-Bra ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Lewis has served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Potbelly Corporation, a franchisor of quick service restaurants, since June 2008. From September 2005 to February 2008, Mr. Lewis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Sears Holdings Corporation, a nationwide retailer. Prior to being named Chief Executive Officer of Sears, Mr. Lewis was President of Sears Holdings and Chief Executive Officer of KMart and Sears Retail following Sears' acquisition of Kmart Holding Corporation in March 2005. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis was President and Chief Executive Officer of KMart since October 2004. Mr. Lewis was Chief Multi-Branding and Operating Officer of YUM! Brands, Inc., a franchisor and licensor of quick service restaurants including KFC, Long John Silvers, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell and A&W, from 2003 until October 2004, Chief Operating Officer of YUM! Brands from 2000 until 2003 and Chief Operating Officer of Pizza Hut from 1996 to 1997. He also serves on the board of directors of The Walt Disney Company. Mr. Lewis has been a director of the Company since September 23, 2016 and previously served on the Starwood board of directors from 2013 to September 23, 2016. 
 
As a result of his numerous senior management positions at Yum! Brands, Kmart, Sears and Potbelly Corporation, Mr. Lewis brings to the Board and our Audit Committee significant expertise in corporate branding, franchising and management of complex global businesses.
		
Source: Marriott International, Inc. on 03/23/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Aylwin B. Lewis's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Aylwin B. Lewis. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Aylwin B. Lewis's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Aylwin B. Lewis's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Aylwin B. Lewis through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Aylwin B. Lewis


















Aylwin B. Lewis's Connections (337)





Sign up now to view Aylwin B. Lewis's 337 connections »









Ann-Marie Campbell
Executive Vice President, U.S. Stores, The Home Depot, Inc.









Arne M. Sorenson
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Marriott International, Inc.









Sheryl K. Sandberg
Dir. and Chief Operating Officer, Facebook, Inc.









Andrew R. Lane
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, MRC Global Inc.









Thomas B. Mangas
Former Chief Executive Officer and Director, Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc.









Gregg R. Dedrick
Board Member, Denny's Corporation









Vasant M. Prabhu
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Visa Inc.









Charlene Barshefsky
Board Member, American Express









John W. Rogers
Board Member, Exelon Corporation









Maria E. Lagomasino
Board Member, The Coca-Cola Company








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















AYLWIN B LEWIS - Black Enterprise
















































AYLWIN B LEWIS - Black Enterprise
































































Home
Blogs
Photos
BE Lists
Newsletters


Follow us on: 
















  








 















 


              July 21, 2017 10:11 PM 
			  
          
              
                               
                             
    
    
                







Money

Investing
Consumer Affairs
Credit & Debt Management
Planning & Budgeting
Home Ownership
Wealth Management
Love & Money
Decoded


Career

BE High Society: Education
Find A Job
BE Jobs
Cool Jobs
Top Careers
Career Advice
Changing Lanes


Small Business

Getting Started
Home Based
Financing
Franchises
Your Business
Tools & Resources


Lifestyle

Arts & Culture
Travel & Leisure
Sports Biz
Fashion & Beauty

Entrepreneurs in Fashion


Health & Wellness
Entertaining


Tech

Tools
Tips
Products
People


EDUCATION
WOMEN
NEWS

Politics
Hot Topics
BE Politics


Videos
TV SHOWS

Our World with Black Enterprise
Women of Power
Black Enterprise Business Report


MAGAZINE
EVENTS

Entrepreneurs Summit
Black Men Xcel Summit
TechConneXt Summit
Women of Power Summit
ABFF Awards
American Black Film Festival


 








← Meet America’s Most Powerful Corporate Directors

AYLWIN B LEWIS

By Derek T. Dingle |
Published August 23, 2013 | Full size is 620 × 480 pixels											




PIERRE E. LEROY
DELANO LEWIS 


Aylwin B. Lewis
President
Potbelly Sandwich Works
Board: The Walt Disney Co.











 








Advertisement




        © 2017        
          Black Enterprise, Black Enterprise Magazine. All rights reserved.       






About Us
Privacy Policy
Subscribe
Customer Service
Give a Gift
Management
Wealth For Life
Contact Us
Site Map
Glossary
Masthead
Media Kit
RSS








































Aylwin  Lewis's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
L
Lewis

Aylwin  Lewis




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 32931776Aylwin  Lewis562 Barrington ParkBloomfield Hills, MI 48304Background Check - Available
Record ID: 32931814Aylwin B Lewis13794 Edenderry DrSouth Lyon, MI 48178Age 63 (Born Jun 1954)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 32931815Aylwin B Lewis2006 Fairway Vista DrLouisville, KY 40245Background Check - Available
Record ID: 32931816Aylwin B Lewis5310 Anzio RdHouston, TX 77033Age 63 (Born May 1954)(713) 738-2720Background Check - Available
Record ID: 32931817Aylwin B Lewis202 Briery RdIrving, TX 75060Age 63 (Born May 1954)(972) 790-8727Background Check - Available
Record ID: 32931818Aylwin B Lewis3504 Twin Lakes WayPlano, TX 75093Age 63 (Born Jun 1954)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 452139214Aylwin  Lewis562 Barrington ParkBloomfield Hills, MI 48304Background Check - Available
Record ID: 452139262Aylwin B Lewis2006 Fairway Vista DrLouisville, KY 40245Background Check - Available
Record ID: 452139263Aylwin B Lewis13794 Edenderry DrSouth Lyon, MI 48178Age 63 (Born Jun 1954)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 452139264Aylwin B Lewis202 Briery RdIrving, TX 75060Age 63 (Born May 1954)(972) 790-8727Background Check - Available
Record ID: 452139265Aylwin B Lewis5310 Anzio RdHouston, TX 77033Age 63 (Born May 1954)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 452139266Aylwin B Lewis3504 Twin Lakes WayPlano, TX 75093Age 63 (Born Jun 1954)Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017








Aylwin B. Lewis of Walt Disney Co Board of Directors

















 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 



 



Walt Disney Co
 DIS


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PagePDF ReportData QuestionQuoteChartStock AnalysisPerformanceKey RatiosFinancialsValuationInsidersOwnershipFilingsBondsOverviewExecutive CompensationInsider ActivityKey ExecutivesBoard of DirectorsCommittees
 


Board of Directors
                > Aylwin B. Lewis
            
Aylwin B. Lewis, Independent Director



Profile
Connections






Biography



    Aylwin B. Lewis, 62, has served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Potbelly Sandwich Works since 2011, and as President and Chief Executive Officer since 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Sears Holdings Corporation, a nationwide retailer, from 2005 to 2008. Prior to being named Chief Executive Officer of Sears, Mr. Lewis was President of Sears Holdings and Chief Executive Officer of Kmart and Sears Retail following Sears' acquisition of Kmart Holding Corporation in 2005. Prior to that acquisition, Mr. Lewis had been President and Chief Executive Officer of Kmart since 2004. Prior to that, Mr. Lewis held a variety of leadership positions at YUM! Brands, Inc., a franchisor and licensor of quick service restaurants from 2000 until 2004. Mr. Lewis served on the board of directors of Sears Holding Corp. from 2005 through 2008, on the Board of Directors of Kmart from 2004 through 2008 and on the Board of Directors of Potbelly Sandwich Works since 2008. Mr. Lewis was a director of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide from January 2013 to September 2016, and has been a director of Marriott International Inc. since September 2016. Mr. Lewis has been a Director of the Company since 2004.
    





Board Membership



Company Name
Board Member Since
Board Committees







Marriott International Inc
-
AUDIT,BOARD







Walt Disney Co
2004
AUDIT,BOARD,COMPENSATION,GOVERNANCE AND NOMINATING,NOMINATING







Aylwin B. Lewis is connected to 26 Board Members.See list of all Board Connections.

 


  







We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.













 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 















POTBELLY CORP (PBPB:NASDAQ GS): Board Members Relationships - Bloomberg








































  





















































































 CONSUMER DISCRETIONARY SECTOR » HOTELS, RESTAURANTS & LEISURE INDUSTRY » PBPB  


potbelly corp (PBPB:NASDAQ GS)


PBPB On Other Exchanges
SymbolExchange PBPB:USNASDAQ GSPTB:GRBerlin






SnapshotNewsChartsFinancialsEarningsPeople OwnershipTransactionsOptions




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



BOARD MEMBERS AFFILIATED WITH Aylwin B. Lewis *Aylwin B. Lewis     Return to Disney Consumer Products, Inc.President and Chief Executive Officer239239AgeTotal Annual Compensation61--&nbsp Arne M. SorensonMarriott International, Inc.Board AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc.William J. ShawMarriott Vacations Worldwide CorporationBoard AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc. Steven S. ReinemundCalloway School of Business and Accountancy, Wake Forest UniversityBoard AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc.Lawrence W. KellnerSabre CorporationBoard AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc. Eric C. HippeauLerer Hippeau VenturesBoard AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc.John Willard MarriottMarriott International, Inc.Board AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc. Debra L. LeeViacom, Inc.Board AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc.Bruce W. DuncanMarriott International, Inc.Board AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc.Rush University Medical Center Willard Mitt RomneySolamere Capital LLCBoard AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc.Mary K. BushCity Light CapitalBoard AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc. George   MuñozCedalion Private Equity FundBoard AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc.Susan C. SchwabFedEx CorporationBoard AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc. Mitesh B. ShahLa Quinta Holdings Inc.Board AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc.Sterling D. ColtonJ. Willard and Alice S. Marriott Foundation, TheBoard AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc. Frederick A. HendersonSunCoke Energy, Inc.Board AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc.Arthur G. GillisPlatinum Hospitality Holdings (Pty) Ltd.Board AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc. Robert A. IgerThe Walt Disney CompanyBoard AffiliationsThe Walt Disney CompanyDeborah Marriott HarrisonMarriott International, Inc.Board AffiliationsMarriott International, Inc. Fred H. LanghammerThe Estée Lauder Companies Inc.Board AffiliationsThe Walt Disney CompanyJohn S. ChenBlackBerry LimitedBoard AffiliationsThe Walt Disney Company Robert W. MatschullatJoseph E. Seagram & Sons, Inc.Board AffiliationsThe Walt Disney CompanyMark G. ParkerNIKE, Inc.Board AffiliationsThe Walt Disney Company Orin C. SmithThe Walt Disney CompanyBoard AffiliationsThe Walt Disney CompanyMaria Elena LagomasinoWE Family Offices, LLCBoard AffiliationsThe Walt Disney Company Susan E. ArnoldThe Carlyle Group LPBoard AffiliationsThe Walt Disney CompanyAlan F. HornThe Walt Disney CompanyBoard AffiliationsThe Walt Disney Company Andy   BirdThe Walt Disney CompanyBoard AffiliationsThe Walt Disney CompanyRobert A. ChapekThe Walt Disney CompanyBoard AffiliationsThe Walt Disney Company Sheryl K. SandbergFacebook, Inc.Board AffiliationsThe Walt Disney CompanyJohn D. SkipperThe Walt Disney CompanyBoard AffiliationsThe Walt Disney Company James   PitaroThe Walt Disney CompanyBoard AffiliationsThe Walt Disney CompanyJack   DorseySquare, Inc.Board AffiliationsThe Walt Disney Company Ivan Vladimirovich TavrinThe Walt Disney CompanyBoard AffiliationsThe Walt Disney CompanyBen   SherwoodThe Walt Disney CompanyBoard AffiliationsThe Walt Disney Company Kathleen Kelly ObergMarriott International, Inc.Board AffiliationsStarwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc.David J. GrissenMarriott International, Inc.Board AffiliationsStarwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. Peter A. BassiPotbelly CorporationBoard AffiliationsPotbelly CorporationBao Giang Val BauduinMarriott International, Inc.Board AffiliationsStarwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. Marla C. GottschalkPotbelly CorporationBoard AffiliationsPotbelly CorporationCarl W. WarschauskyWorld Kitchen, LLCBoard AffiliationsPotbelly Corporation Ann-Marie   CampbellThe Home Depot, Inc.Board AffiliationsPotbelly CorporationHarvey S. KanterPotbelly CorporationBoard AffiliationsPotbelly Corporation Susan   Chapman-HughesPotbelly CorporationBoard AffiliationsPotbelly CorporationDaniel   GinsbergPotbelly CorporationBoard AffiliationsPotbelly Corporation John R. WillisThe Illinois Venture Capital AssociationBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterEdgar Dalzell JannottaRoundTable Healthcare Management, LLCBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center John P. FrazeeIntelligent Retina Imaging Systems, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterPamela Forbes LiebermanStandard Motor Products, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Richard W. GochnauerAmerisourceBergen CorporationBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterSheli Z. RosenbergEquity InternationalBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Patrick G. RyanRyan Specialty Group, LLCBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterRobert A. MarianoThe Kroger Co.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Frederick A. KrehbielRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterJohn J. SablSidley Austin LLPBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Thomas J. WilsonThe Allstate CorporationBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterWorld Business ChicagoJohn H. BryanBuckeye Technologies Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Perry R. PeroThe Northern Trust CompanyBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterWilliam A. DowneBank of MontrealBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Richard M. JaffeeOil-Dri Corporation of AmericaBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterSheila A. PenroseJones Lang LaSalle IncorporatedBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Robert J. DarnallRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterWilliam M. GoodyearEnova International, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Peter C. B. BynoeEquity Group InvestmentsBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterJohn F. SandnerVirtu Financial, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Thomas A. DonahoeRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterVernon R. LoucksThe Aethena Group, LLCBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Susan M. CrownOwl Creek Partners LLCBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterJohn Washington RogersAriel Investments, LLCBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Ronald J. GidwitzContinental Materials CorporationBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterWorley H. ClarkPrism Capital CorporationBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Cyrus F. FreidheimCNLC-STC, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterBide L. ThomasRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Richard L. ThomasPfingsten Partners, L.L.C.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterS. Jay StewartMuseum of Science and IndustryBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Anthony M. KotinInternet Healthcare Group, LLCBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterDonald G. LubinNorthShore University HealthSystemBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center John E. JonesAllied Products Corp.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterAndrew J. McKennaMerrick Ventures, LLCBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Maribeth Sembach RaheFort Washington Investment Advisors, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterWade   FetzerRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Edgar David CoolidgeWilliam Blair Capital Partners, L.L.C.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterHarreld N. KirkpatrickThe Vistria Group, LLCBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Thomas R. HodgsonRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterGary E. McCulloughAbundant Venture PartnersBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Marvin J. HerbCoca-Cola Bottling Co of ChicagoBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterJohn W. MadiganCorporate Leadership CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center James Shane MetcalfCGC Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterSusan R. LichtensteinRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Richard Scott PriceMesirow Financial Holdings, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterLeo M. HenikoffRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center W. James FarrellTPG GrowthBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterSheldon   LavinOSI Group, LLCBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Jennifer W. SteansFinancial Investments CorporationBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterGloria   SantonaAon plcBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Hall   AdamsRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterMichael   SimpsonRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Marshall   FieldRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterChristine A. EdwardsRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Joan M. HallRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterRobert F. FinkeRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center John P. KellerRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterChristie   HefnerRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Robert  S.  Morrison Rush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterHerbert B. KnightRush-Copley Medical Center, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Anne O. ScottRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterAbby McCormick O'NeilRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Harold Byron SmithRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterCarole Browe SegalChicago Public Media, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Marilou   von FerstelRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterCarl W. SternRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center William J. FriendRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterRobert A. WislowCBRE Group, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Bowen   BlairRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterKaren C. ReidRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Edward   HinesRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterDavid A. DonovanRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Robert A. SouthernRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterJames W. MontgomeryRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Sandra Polk GuthmanPolk Brothers FoundationBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterPhilip W.K. SweetRush UniversityBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Alejandro   SilvaPangea USA, LLCBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterJohn W. HigginsHiggins Development Partners, LLCBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Stephen Niles PotterNorthern Trust CorporationBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterJames W. DeYoungRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Jonathan W. ThayerExelon CorporationBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterTodd W. LillibridgeLillibridge Healthcare Services, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Thomas E. RichardsCDW CorporationBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterE. Scott SantiIllinois Tool Works Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Franklin J. TecharBank of MontrealBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterJohn L. BrennanWilliam Blair & Company, L.L.C.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center William  J. HagenahRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterSteven   GitelisalseT IP, LLCBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Greg   WelchSpencer Stuart, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterJesse H. RuizRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Charles L. EvansFederal Reserve Bank Of ChicagoBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterRon   HubermanPeopleAdmin, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Eric A. ReevesDuchossois Capital Management LLCBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterLarry J. GoodmanRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Anthony D. IvankovichRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterJerald W. HoekstraRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Jeffrey D. LeeRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterMartin H. NesbittThe Vistria Group, LLCBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Jorge O. GalanteRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterMarca L. BristoRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Jay L. HendersonIllinois Tool Works Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterMarcie B. HemmelsteinRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Wayne L. MooreSunCoke Energy Partners, L.P.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterAurie A. PennickRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Michael J. O'ConnorRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterBarbara Jil WuRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center William H. OsborneRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterAngelique L. RichardSeattle Cancer Care AllianceBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Bruce W. DienstRush-Copley Medical Center, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterFrancesca Maher EdwardsonJ.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Joan E. SteelLoyola University ChicagoBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterMark C. MetzgerRush-Copley Medical Center, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center H. John GilbertsonRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterJames A. BellRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center William G. BrownRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterDavid W. HinesRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Kelly Mcnamara CorleyRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterKaren B. CaseRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center P. Kasper JakobsenRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterJohn L. HowardRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Mary K. McCarthyRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterCatherine J. KingRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Karl A. PalaszRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterMarcia   MurphyRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Harry   BondRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterMatthew J. BolerRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Carole W. StreicherRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical CenterDino   RumoroRush University Medical CenterBoard AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Bruce V. RaunerState Of IllinoisBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoWilliam A. MynattDovenmuehle Mortgage, Inc.Board AffiliationsRush University Medical Center Muneer A. SatterSatter Investment Management, LLCBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoDonald J. EdwardsFlexpoint Ford, LLCBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Jay Robert PritzkerSovereign Gaming CapitalBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoSamuel M. MencoffMadison Dearborn Partners, LLCBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago David P. StorchAAR Corp.Board AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoEric P. LefkofskyGroupon, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago John W. RoweSunCoke Energy, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoMichael D. O'HalleranAon Benfield Global, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Keith E. WilliamsUL LLCBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoJeffery A. SmisekSybase, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Glen E. TullmanBox, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoGregory Q. BrownMotorola Solutions, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Thomas F. MotamedAdelphi UniversityBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoMark A. TebbeMerrick Ventures, LLCBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Mark F. FurlongKforce Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoWilliam A. OsbornMuseum of Science and IndustryBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Samuel C. ScottMotorola Solutions, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoGlenn F. TiltonJPMorgan Chase & Co.Board AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Henry M. PaulsonCODA Automotive, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoDebra A. CafaroVentas, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Donald   ThompsonNorthern Trust CorporationBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoJohn E. RauFirst Industrial Realty Trust Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago James S. CrownThe Crown Fund IiBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoDesirée G. RogersJohnson Publishing Company LLCBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Byron David TrottBDT Capital Partners, LLCBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoWilliam J. BrodskyWEC Energy Group, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Ilene S. GordonIngredion IncorporatedBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoNorman R. BobinsThe Royal Bank of Scotland N.V.Board AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago George K. FarrWorld Business ChicagoBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoCraig J. DuchossoisThe Duchossois Group, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Daniel M. HamburgerWorld Business ChicagoBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoPaul  A. LaudicinaHorizon CapitalBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Steven   KochWorld Business ChicagoBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoMark S. HoplamazianHyatt Hotels CorporationBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Jeffrey S. AroninMarathon Pharmaceuticals, LLCBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoMellody Louise HobsonAriel Investment Trust - Ariel FundBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Terrence A. DuffyCME Group Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoJames   ReynoldsLoop Capital Markets LLCBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Deborah L. DeHaasDeloitte & Touche LLPBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoGregory D. WassonWasson Enterprise, LLCBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Patricia A. Hemingway-HallCardinal Health, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoLarry D. RichmanCanadian Imperial Bank of CommerceBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago John A. BuckJohn Buck International Properties LLCBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoMarshall M. BoutonWorld Business ChicagoBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Richard D. StephensBoeing Commercial Airplanes, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoCharles A. TribbettRussell Reynolds Associates, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Michael H. MoskowDiscover Financial ServicesBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoJames A. BellThe Dow Chemical CompanyBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Antonio J. GraciasValor Equity Partners L.P.Board AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoRichard   BurkeAdvanced Disposal Services, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Anthony K. AndersonAvery Dennison CorporationBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoJames H. SkogsberghAdvocate Health Care, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Michael J. SacksGrosvenor Capital Management L.P.Board AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoDean M. HarrisonNorthwestern Memorial Healthcare CorporationBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Patrick J. CanningKPMG LLPBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoPatrick G.  RyanINCISENT Technologies LLCBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Lori T. HealeyTur Partners LLCBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoJohn   PrattWorld Business ChicagoBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago James T. GlerumWorld Business ChicagoBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoRahm   EmanuelWorld Business ChicagoBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago James   AbramsMedline Industries, Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoRita R. AthasWorld Business ChicagoBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Matthew   GibsonWorld Business ChicagoBoard AffiliationsWorld Business ChicagoAnthony B. BouchardCDM Smith Inc.Board AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago Richard   SykesWorld Business ChicagoBoard AffiliationsWorld Business Chicago
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update










 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.















Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



MOST CONNECTED PEOPLE TO Aylwin B. Lewis NameRelationshipsDesirée G. Rogers 523 RelationshipsThomas J. Wilson 454 RelationshipsJohn Washington Rogers 446 RelationshipsRonald J. Gidwitz 415 RelationshipsDeborah L. DeHaas 371 Relationships










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact POTBELLY CORP, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Aylwin Lewis - Wikipedia






















 






Aylwin Lewis

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article needs more links to other articles to help integrate it into the encyclopedia. Please help improve this article by adding links that are relevant to the context within the existing text. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (January 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Aylwin B. Lewis (born May 28, 1954) is an American businessman. He is currently the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Potbelly Sandwich Works since June 2008.




Aylwin B. Lewis


Career[edit]
In 1995, Aylwin Lewis became Senior VP of Marketing and Operations Development, a job he left in 1996 for a position as Senior VP of Operations at Pizza Hut. In 1997, he was promoted to COO at Pizza Hut; in 2000, he became COO at Yum! Brands. In 2004 he became CEO of K-Mart and shortly after merged with Sears and became CEO of Sears Holding. At Potbelly, where he was hired as CEO in 2008, Lewis led the drive to take Potbelly public.
Sources[edit]
Periodicals
• Chain Store Age, December 2004, p. 39.
• Detroit News, October 19, 2004.
• Houston Chronicle, October 19, 2004, p. 11.
• International Herald Tribune, November 19, 2004, p. 19.
• Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News, October 19, 2004; November 21, 2004.
• Seattle Times, November 18, 2004, p. E1.






v
t
e


The Walt Disney Company






Company timeline
Retlaw Enterprises
Criticism





Company
officials




Founders



Walter Elias Disney
Roy Oliver Disney





Executives



Bob Iger (CEO)
Alan N. Braverman (SEVP/GC)
Christine McCarthy (CFO)





Board of directors



Susan Arnold
John S. Chen
Jack Dorsey
Bob Iger (Chairman)
Fred Langhammer
Aylwin Lewis
Monica C. Lozano
Robert Matschullat
Mark Parker
Sheryl Sandberg
Orin C. Smith (Independent Lead)








Walt Disney Studios



Walt Disney Animation Studios
Walt Disney Pictures
Distribution

Touchstone Pictures


Disney Music Group
Disney Theatrical Group
Disneynature
Home Entertainment
Lucasfilm
Marvel Studios
Pixar





Media Networks



Disney–ABC TV Group

ABC Entertainment Group
ABC TV Stations
A+E
Disney Channel
Hulu


ESPN (80%)





Parks and Resorts



Adventures by Disney
Disney Cruise Line
Walt Disney Imagineering
Disneyland Resort
Disney Regional Entertainment
Disney Vacation Club
Disneyland Paris
Walt Disney World Resort
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
Shanghai Disney Resort





DCPI



Disney Consumer Products

Disney Store


Disney Publishing Worldwide

Disney English


The Muppets Studio




Disney Interactive



Babble
Disney Mobile
Disney Online
Maker Studios








International



Argentina
CIS
France
India

UTV Software Communications


Italy
Latin America





Other assets



Buena Vista
Marvel Entertainment
Reedy Creek Energy












v
t
e


Sears Holdings



Current Management:



Edward Lampert, Chairman (major owner), President and CEO





Founders:



S. S. Kresge
Alvah Curtis Roebuck
Richard Warren Sears





Retailers:



Kmart
mygofer
Sears

Canada
Mexico







Brands:



DieHard
Kenmore
Joe Boxer
Thom McAn
Shopyourway
Toughskins





Spin-offs:



Allstate
Borders Group
Builders Square
Coldwell Banker
Craftsman
Dean Witter Reynolds
Discover Card
The Great Indoors
Homart Development Company
Kmart Australia
Lands' End
OfficeMax
Orchard Supply Hardware
Pace Membership Warehouse
PayLess Drug Store
Prodigy
Sports Authority
Venture Stores
Waldenbooks






External links[edit]

Aylwin Lewis Corporate Bio





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Aylwin_Lewis&oldid=783006255"					
Categories: 1954 birthsLiving peopleAmerican chief executives of food industry companiesDirectors of DisneyHouston Baptist University alumniUniversity of Houston alumniAmerican chief operating officersHidden categories: Articles with too few wikilinks from March 2017All articles with too few wikilinksArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from March 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyBLP articles lacking sources from January 2016All BLP articles lacking sourcesPlace of birth missing (living people) 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Português 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 May 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Aylwin Lewis - Wikipedia






















 






Aylwin Lewis

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article needs more links to other articles to help integrate it into the encyclopedia. Please help improve this article by adding links that are relevant to the context within the existing text. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (January 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Aylwin B. Lewis (born May 28, 1954) is an American businessman. He is currently the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Potbelly Sandwich Works since June 2008.




Aylwin B. Lewis


Career[edit]
In 1995, Aylwin Lewis became Senior VP of Marketing and Operations Development, a job he left in 1996 for a position as Senior VP of Operations at Pizza Hut. In 1997, he was promoted to COO at Pizza Hut; in 2000, he became COO at Yum! Brands. In 2004 he became CEO of K-Mart and shortly after merged with Sears and became CEO of Sears Holding. At Potbelly, where he was hired as CEO in 2008, Lewis led the drive to take Potbelly public.
Sources[edit]
Periodicals
• Chain Store Age, December 2004, p. 39.
• Detroit News, October 19, 2004.
• Houston Chronicle, October 19, 2004, p. 11.
• International Herald Tribune, November 19, 2004, p. 19.
• Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News, October 19, 2004; November 21, 2004.
• Seattle Times, November 18, 2004, p. E1.






v
t
e


The Walt Disney Company






Company timeline
Retlaw Enterprises
Criticism





Company
officials




Founders



Walter Elias Disney
Roy Oliver Disney





Executives



Bob Iger (CEO)
Alan N. Braverman (SEVP/GC)
Christine McCarthy (CFO)





Board of directors



Susan Arnold
John S. Chen
Jack Dorsey
Bob Iger (Chairman)
Fred Langhammer
Aylwin Lewis
Monica C. Lozano
Robert Matschullat
Mark Parker
Sheryl Sandberg
Orin C. Smith (Independent Lead)








Walt Disney Studios



Walt Disney Animation Studios
Walt Disney Pictures
Distribution

Touchstone Pictures


Disney Music Group
Disney Theatrical Group
Disneynature
Home Entertainment
Lucasfilm
Marvel Studios
Pixar





Media Networks



Disney–ABC TV Group

ABC Entertainment Group
ABC TV Stations
A+E
Disney Channel
Hulu


ESPN (80%)





Parks and Resorts



Adventures by Disney
Disney Cruise Line
Walt Disney Imagineering
Disneyland Resort
Disney Regional Entertainment
Disney Vacation Club
Disneyland Paris
Walt Disney World Resort
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
Shanghai Disney Resort





DCPI



Disney Consumer Products

Disney Store


Disney Publishing Worldwide

Disney English


The Muppets Studio




Disney Interactive



Babble
Disney Mobile
Disney Online
Maker Studios








International



Argentina
CIS
France
India

UTV Software Communications


Italy
Latin America





Other assets



Buena Vista
Marvel Entertainment
Reedy Creek Energy












v
t
e


Sears Holdings



Current Management:



Edward Lampert, Chairman (major owner), President and CEO





Founders:



S. S. Kresge
Alvah Curtis Roebuck
Richard Warren Sears





Retailers:



Kmart
mygofer
Sears

Canada
Mexico







Brands:



DieHard
Kenmore
Joe Boxer
Thom McAn
Shopyourway
Toughskins





Spin-offs:



Allstate
Borders Group
Builders Square
Coldwell Banker
Craftsman
Dean Witter Reynolds
Discover Card
The Great Indoors
Homart Development Company
Kmart Australia
Lands' End
OfficeMax
Orchard Supply Hardware
Pace Membership Warehouse
PayLess Drug Store
Prodigy
Sports Authority
Venture Stores
Waldenbooks






External links[edit]

Aylwin Lewis Corporate Bio





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Aylwin_Lewis&oldid=783006255"					
Categories: 1954 birthsLiving peopleAmerican chief executives of food industry companiesDirectors of DisneyHouston Baptist University alumniUniversity of Houston alumniAmerican chief operating officersHidden categories: Articles with too few wikilinks from March 2017All articles with too few wikilinksArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from March 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyBLP articles lacking sources from January 2016All BLP articles lacking sourcesPlace of birth missing (living people) 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Português 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 May 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Aylwin Lewis - Wikipedia






















 






Aylwin Lewis

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article needs more links to other articles to help integrate it into the encyclopedia. Please help improve this article by adding links that are relevant to the context within the existing text. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (January 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Aylwin B. Lewis (born May 28, 1954) is an American businessman. He is currently the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Potbelly Sandwich Works since June 2008.




Aylwin B. Lewis


Career[edit]
In 1995, Aylwin Lewis became Senior VP of Marketing and Operations Development, a job he left in 1996 for a position as Senior VP of Operations at Pizza Hut. In 1997, he was promoted to COO at Pizza Hut; in 2000, he became COO at Yum! Brands. In 2004 he became CEO of K-Mart and shortly after merged with Sears and became CEO of Sears Holding. At Potbelly, where he was hired as CEO in 2008, Lewis led the drive to take Potbelly public.
Sources[edit]
Periodicals
• Chain Store Age, December 2004, p. 39.
• Detroit News, October 19, 2004.
• Houston Chronicle, October 19, 2004, p. 11.
• International Herald Tribune, November 19, 2004, p. 19.
• Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News, October 19, 2004; November 21, 2004.
• Seattle Times, November 18, 2004, p. E1.






v
t
e


The Walt Disney Company






Company timeline
Retlaw Enterprises
Criticism





Company
officials




Founders



Walter Elias Disney
Roy Oliver Disney





Executives



Bob Iger (CEO)
Alan N. Braverman (SEVP/GC)
Christine McCarthy (CFO)





Board of directors



Susan Arnold
John S. Chen
Jack Dorsey
Bob Iger (Chairman)
Fred Langhammer
Aylwin Lewis
Monica C. Lozano
Robert Matschullat
Mark Parker
Sheryl Sandberg
Orin C. Smith (Independent Lead)








Walt Disney Studios



Walt Disney Animation Studios
Walt Disney Pictures
Distribution

Touchstone Pictures


Disney Music Group
Disney Theatrical Group
Disneynature
Home Entertainment
Lucasfilm
Marvel Studios
Pixar





Media Networks



Disney–ABC TV Group

ABC Entertainment Group
ABC TV Stations
A+E
Disney Channel
Hulu


ESPN (80%)





Parks and Resorts



Adventures by Disney
Disney Cruise Line
Walt Disney Imagineering
Disneyland Resort
Disney Regional Entertainment
Disney Vacation Club
Disneyland Paris
Walt Disney World Resort
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
Shanghai Disney Resort





DCPI



Disney Consumer Products

Disney Store


Disney Publishing Worldwide

Disney English


The Muppets Studio




Disney Interactive



Babble
Disney Mobile
Disney Online
Maker Studios








International



Argentina
CIS
France
India

UTV Software Communications


Italy
Latin America





Other assets



Buena Vista
Marvel Entertainment
Reedy Creek Energy












v
t
e


Sears Holdings



Current Management:



Edward Lampert, Chairman (major owner), President and CEO





Founders:



S. S. Kresge
Alvah Curtis Roebuck
Richard Warren Sears





Retailers:



Kmart
mygofer
Sears

Canada
Mexico







Brands:



DieHard
Kenmore
Joe Boxer
Thom McAn
Shopyourway
Toughskins





Spin-offs:



Allstate
Borders Group
Builders Square
Coldwell Banker
Craftsman
Dean Witter Reynolds
Discover Card
The Great Indoors
Homart Development Company
Kmart Australia
Lands' End
OfficeMax
Orchard Supply Hardware
Pace Membership Warehouse
PayLess Drug Store
Prodigy
Sports Authority
Venture Stores
Waldenbooks






External links[edit]

Aylwin Lewis Corporate Bio





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Aylwin_Lewis&oldid=783006255"					
Categories: 1954 birthsLiving peopleAmerican chief executives of food industry companiesDirectors of DisneyHouston Baptist University alumniUniversity of Houston alumniAmerican chief operating officersHidden categories: Articles with too few wikilinks from March 2017All articles with too few wikilinksArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from March 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyBLP articles lacking sources from January 2016All BLP articles lacking sourcesPlace of birth missing (living people) 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Português 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 May 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 


aylwin lewis
 | LinkedIn
 





























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




aylwin lewisceo at Potbelly Sandwich WorksLocationGreater Chicago AreaIndustryRestaurantsCurrentPotbelly Sandwich WorksPreviousSears Holdings, Yum Brands312 connectionsView aylwin’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View aylwin’s Full ProfileExperienceceoPotbelly Sandwich WorksJune 2008  –  Present (9 years 2 months)ceoSears Holdings2005  –  2008 (3 years)COOYum Brands1991  –  2004 (13 years)View aylwin’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact aylwin directlyView aylwin’s Full ProfileNot the aylwin you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)People Also ViewedCliff HudsonCEO at Sonic Corp.Andrew RaabeVice President of Finance at Potbelly Sandwich WorksBryant KeilFounding Chairman at Potbelly Sandwich WorksPatrick DoylePizza Guy at Domino'sJulie Younglove-WebbOperations at Potbelly Sandwich WorksLisa CarronRecruiting Manager at Potbelly Sandwich Worksjohn morlockSr. VP of ops. at Potbelly Sandwich WorksNancy TurkSVP, Chief People Officer and Corporate Communications at Potbelly Sandwich WorksWyman RobertsCEO & President, Brinker InternationalCarl WarschauskyPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different aylwin lewisFirst NameLast NameExample:  aylwin lewisAylwin LewisPresident & CEO at Sears Holdings CorpUnited StatesMore professionals named aylwin lewisJobs similar to aylwin’sPotbelly Sandwich Works jobsLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country























Aylwin Lewis - Wikipedia






















 






Aylwin Lewis

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article needs more links to other articles to help integrate it into the encyclopedia. Please help improve this article by adding links that are relevant to the context within the existing text. (March 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (January 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Aylwin B. Lewis (born May 28, 1954) is an American businessman. He is currently the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Potbelly Sandwich Works since June 2008.




Aylwin B. Lewis


Career[edit]
In 1995, Aylwin Lewis became Senior VP of Marketing and Operations Development, a job he left in 1996 for a position as Senior VP of Operations at Pizza Hut. In 1997, he was promoted to COO at Pizza Hut; in 2000, he became COO at Yum! Brands. In 2004 he became CEO of K-Mart and shortly after merged with Sears and became CEO of Sears Holding. At Potbelly, where he was hired as CEO in 2008, Lewis led the drive to take Potbelly public.
Sources[edit]
Periodicals
• Chain Store Age, December 2004, p. 39.
• Detroit News, October 19, 2004.
• Houston Chronicle, October 19, 2004, p. 11.
• International Herald Tribune, November 19, 2004, p. 19.
• Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News, October 19, 2004; November 21, 2004.
• Seattle Times, November 18, 2004, p. E1.






v
t
e


The Walt Disney Company






Company timeline
Retlaw Enterprises
Criticism





Company
officials




Founders



Walter Elias Disney
Roy Oliver Disney





Executives



Bob Iger (CEO)
Alan N. Braverman (SEVP/GC)
Christine McCarthy (CFO)





Board of directors



Susan Arnold
John S. Chen
Jack Dorsey
Bob Iger (Chairman)
Fred Langhammer
Aylwin Lewis
Monica C. Lozano
Robert Matschullat
Mark Parker
Sheryl Sandberg
Orin C. Smith (Independent Lead)








Walt Disney Studios



Walt Disney Animation Studios
Walt Disney Pictures
Distribution

Touchstone Pictures


Disney Music Group
Disney Theatrical Group
Disneynature
Home Entertainment
Lucasfilm
Marvel Studios
Pixar





Media Networks



Disney–ABC TV Group

ABC Entertainment Group
ABC TV Stations
A+E
Disney Channel
Hulu


ESPN (80%)





Parks and Resorts



Adventures by Disney
Disney Cruise Line
Walt Disney Imagineering
Disneyland Resort
Disney Regional Entertainment
Disney Vacation Club
Disneyland Paris
Walt Disney World Resort
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
Shanghai Disney Resort





DCPI



Disney Consumer Products

Disney Store


Disney Publishing Worldwide

Disney English


The Muppets Studio




Disney Interactive



Babble
Disney Mobile
Disney Online
Maker Studios








International



Argentina
CIS
France
India

UTV Software Communications


Italy
Latin America





Other assets



Buena Vista
Marvel Entertainment
Reedy Creek Energy












v
t
e


Sears Holdings



Current Management:



Edward Lampert, Chairman (major owner), President and CEO





Founders:



S. S. Kresge
Alvah Curtis Roebuck
Richard Warren Sears





Retailers:



Kmart
mygofer
Sears

Canada
Mexico







Brands:



DieHard
Kenmore
Joe Boxer
Thom McAn
Shopyourway
Toughskins





Spin-offs:



Allstate
Borders Group
Builders Square
Coldwell Banker
Craftsman
Dean Witter Reynolds
Discover Card
The Great Indoors
Homart Development Company
Kmart Australia
Lands' End
OfficeMax
Orchard Supply Hardware
Pace Membership Warehouse
PayLess Drug Store
Prodigy
Sports Authority
Venture Stores
Waldenbooks






External links[edit]

Aylwin Lewis Corporate Bio





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Aylwin_Lewis&oldid=783006255"					
Categories: 1954 birthsLiving peopleAmerican chief executives of food industry companiesDirectors of DisneyHouston Baptist University alumniUniversity of Houston alumniAmerican chief operating officersHidden categories: Articles with too few wikilinks from March 2017All articles with too few wikilinksArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from March 2017All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyBLP articles lacking sources from January 2016All BLP articles lacking sourcesPlace of birth missing (living people) 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Português 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 May 2017, at 15:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Page Not Found - University of Michigan Business School









































Skip to main content




 












 




















 
 






iMpact Web Portal // Stephen M. Ross School of Business
Leading in Thought & Action







 
 
















 







 



 






Error 404! Page not found.
We could not find the page you were looking for, the page you requested may have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.
You may also want to try the following

Check the Spelling: If you typed the page address in the Address bar, make sure that the URL in the Address bar is spelled correctly.
Go Back: Click the back button to try another link.
Try Another Link: Use the Navigation at the top or the bottom of this page  to go to a section of interest.
Search: Use the Search at the top of this page to find the page you are looking for.






 









 
 






MENU
Home - Impact Mobile
Student Rm Reservations
Student Directory
Student Life
Fac/Staff Directory
My Appointments
My Recruiting Activities
Classified Ads










Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
