




Lightyear Capital






















































Identifying Trends. 
            Discovering Opportunities.
Since 2000, Lightyear Capital has provided private equity capital to a broad spectrum of companies across the financial services industry.  With over $2.5 billion of capital raised, we seek to leverage our sector-focused expertise and market insights to create value in our portfolio for our investors.






Firm

Private Equity Capital for Financial Services

Specialized

            Lightyear is a specialist in financial services, a dynamic and diverse industry representing as much as 20% of the U.S. economy.  Financial services is opportunity rich but oft-overlooked:  regulatory, tax, accounting, and business model complexities all require expertise.  Our knowledge, gained over a decade in financial services, positions Lightyear well to navigate the opportunities of this specialized space.
            

Experienced

            Our Investment Committee has, on average, invested together at Lightyear for 12 years, worked together for over 15 years, and been in financial services for over 30 years, including in senior operational roles.  Having completed over 35 investments since 2000 through its affiliated investment funds, the Lightyear team has extensive experience investing in and managing financial institutions.
            





Strategy

        	Lightyear is deeply embedded in financial services, having invested in the industry for over 15 years through multiple market cycles and environments.  We believe our expertise in financial services and its sub-sectors allows Lightyear to quickly identify opportunities and offer resources beyond capital to portfolio companies.

            
Industry ExpertiseFinancial services is a large and complex industry, representing approximately 15% of the S&P 500.  We use top-down analysis, theme-based research, and our well-established network to drive our sourcing.  We view the industry as composed of six sectors and target growth sub-sectors within these six.  Within each fund, we strive to create a diversified portfolio.
             


Asset Management
Financial Technology
Banks
Insurance
Brokerage
Specialty Finance




Creating Value
          We believe our extensive experience in the financial services industry helps create value for our portfolio companies and our investors.  We strive to work hand-in-hand with management teams and owners to unlock value and create stronger companies.  Below are some of the benefits and value drivers Lightyear aims to offer to our portfolio companies.
          

Access to Lightyear Network
Transaction Structuring
Add-on Acquisition Support
Experience in Regulated Environments
Operational Improvements
Data Analytics and Reporting Enhancements
Strengthened Governance






Investments


Advisor Group, Inc.
Alegeus Technologies, LLC
Antares Holdings Ltd.
ARGUS Software, Inc.
Athilon Group Holdings Corp.
BakerCorp
Cascade Bancorp
Cetera Financial Holdings, Inc.
Clarion Partners Holdings LLC
Collegiate Funding Services, Inc.
Community & Southern Holdings, Inc.
Ed Broking Group Limited
Flagstone Reinsurance Holdings Ltd.
Goldleaf Financial Solutions, Inc.
Kepler Equities S.A.
NAU Country Insurance Company
Paradigm Management Services, LLC
RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC
Strategic Growth Bank Inc.
Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC


 The portfolio companies presented are intended to be illustrative of the types of investments that may be made by the Funds and do not include all investments made.     





Team


Grid View
List View









































News



Lightyear Capital Announces $95 Million Investment in Ygrene Energy
12.21.2016


Lightyear Capital Announces Sale of RidgeWorth Investments to Virtus Investment Partners
12.16.2016


Lightyear Capital and PSP Investments Complete Purchase of Advisor Group
05.06.2016


Lightyear Capital and PSP Investments Agree to Acquire AIG Advisor Group
01.26.2016


Lightyear Capital Announces Sale of Clarion Partners to Legg Mason
01.22.2016


Lightyear Capital Names Daniel Freyman Managing Director
01.19.2016


Lightyear Capital Completes Acquisition of Majority Equity Stake in Pathlight Capital
11.23.2015


Lightyear Capital Completes Acquisition Of Majority Equity Stake In Wealth Enhancement Group
06.08.2015


Lightyear Capital Completes Sale of Paradigm Acquisition Corp. to Summit Partners
06.02.2015


Lightyear Capital Names Martin Sullivan Operating Partner
10.20.2014


RidgeWorth Buyout Closes, Becomes Independent Investment Firm
06.02.2014


Lightyear Capital Completes Sale of Cetera Financial Group
04.29.2014


Lightyear Capital Names Michal Petrzela Managing Director
04.04.2014


Lightyear Capital Announces the Sale of Antares Holdings
02.13.2014


Lightyear Capital Announces the Sale of Cetera Financial Group
01.16.2014


Lightyear Capital Announces Closing of Controlling Investment in Cooper Gay Swett & Crawford
01.16.2013


Lightyear Capital Leads Significant Investment in Cooper Gay Swett & Crawford
10.22.2012


Lightyear Capital Closes Third Financial Services Buyout Fund
09.25.2012


Lightyear Capital Completes Acquisition of the Healthcare Benefit Solutions Business from FIS
08.15.2012


Lightyear Capital to Acquire FIS Healthcare Benefit Solutions Business for $335 Million
06.25.2012


Lightyear Capital Acquires Control Stake In Paradigm Acquistion Corp.
02.01.2012


Lightyear Capital Announces Sale of BakerCorp to Permira
04.13.2011


Lightyear Capital Sells Argus Software to Altus Group
04.12.2011


Leading Asset Manager ING Clarion Partners In Agreement to Be Acquired by Management Team and Lightyear Capital
02.15.2011


Lightyear Capital Completes Sale of Leading Crop Insurer NAU Group
07.01.2010


Lightyear Capital Sells Majority Stake in Leading Crop Insurer NAU Group
04.16.2010


Lightyear Capital Completes Acquisition of Three Broker-Dealers from the ING Advisors Network
02.01.2010


Lightyear Capital to Acquire ING Advisors Network
11.03.2009


Lightyear Capital Makes Significant Investment in Higher One Holdings
08.11.2008


Lightyear Capital Completes Antares Holdings Transaction
12.03.2007


Lightyear Capital Leads Investor Group to Create Antares Holdings
10.04.2007


Lightyear Capital Completes Final Closing on Second Financial Services Buyout Fund
03.05.2007


Lightyear Fund Completes Acquisition of Baker Tanks
11.28.2005


Lightyear Fund To Acquire Baker Tanks
10.17.2005


Lightyear Capital Sells Kepler Equities to Landsbanki Íslands. Transaction Valued at €94 Million
09.06.2005


The Lightyear Fund Invests in The NAU Group. Investment Positions Crop Insurance Company for Growth
05.25.2005


Lightyear Capital Launches New Triple-A Rated Credit Protection Company
01.03.2005







Contact



Lightyear Capital
                9 West 57th Street
New York, NY 10019
(212) 328-0555

            



Business Proposals
If you have a business opportunity you would like to share with us, please e-mail proposals@lycap.com 
Employment Opportunities
If you would like to be considered for a position at Lightyear, please e-mail a resume to careers@lycap.com


Investor Relations
If you are a current or prospective investor and need more information, please e-mail IR@lycap.com
Media Inquiries
Please contact Sloane & Company at (212) 486-9500






                    Copyright  Lightyear Capital LLC | User Agreement | Privacy Policy










Lightyear Capital - Lightyear Capital Inc.











































 








































 
 









 

























 




 



Lightyear Capital
















Who We Are
Lightyear Capital Inc. is a private, independent investment dealer servicing Canadian corporate clients and institutional investors through investment banking and sales and trading services. In addition, Lightyear offers financial services to high-net-worth clients as a strategic private wealth and asset management advisor.




What’s New
• Blackline Safety Enters Global Market with G7c Wireless Gas   Detector Certification
• Hyduke Acquires Avalanche Metal Industries Ltd.
• Blackline Safety Announces $16.5 Million Financing
• Hyduke Closes Private Placement










 
















 Member of:   •    •  
© 2017 · All Rights Reserved · Designed with ❤ by talonX
 

 


 







































Contact Us - Lightyear Capital Inc.










































 








































 
 








Get in touch with us















 





Primary Contacts
Phone: (403) 218-1400
Fax: (403) 537-6512
Email: info@lightyearcapital.com




Our Address
Suite 660, Bow Valley Square I
202 – 6th Avenue SW
Calgary, AB T2P 2R9




Team Contacts
lduchesne@lightyearcapital.com
mweimer@lightyearcapital.com

 





LYC Careers
At Lightyear Capital Inc, we are always looking for qualified individuals to join our team. For career opportunities, contact us in confidence at: employment@lightyearcapital.com

 
















 Member of:   •    •  
© 2017 · All Rights Reserved · Designed with ❤ by talonX
 

 


 






































Energy. Value. Growth. - Lightyear Capital Inc.










































 








































 
 









 






 



 



Energy. Value. Growth.
















Investment Banking
Lightyear Capital Inc. focuses on working with management teams with a successful track record in high growth business opportunities and provides a broad range of investment banking services and capital market support to clients throughout their various growth stages. Lightyear services Canadian corporate clients in the private and public domain.




Services Include
• Acquisitions & Divestitures
• Corporate Advisory
• Corporate Restructuring
• Private Placements
• Public Debt Offerings
• Public Equity Offerings
• Syndication
• Valuations & Fairness Opinions




Industry Specialization
Lightyear brings in-depth industry analysis, experience and expertise to oilfield services, oil and gas exploration, energy infrastructure, financials, diversified industrials, agriculture and technology opportunities.

 



Select Transactions

 






  

 


















 Member of:   •    •  
© 2017 · All Rights Reserved · Designed with ❤ by talonX
 

 


 












































Regulatory Disclosures - Lightyear Capital Inc.










































 








































 
 








Regulatory Disclosures


Lightyear Capital Inc. > Regulatory Disclosures















Lightyear Capital Inc. is member of the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada (“IIROC”), the TMX Group and the Canadian Investor Protection Fund (“CIPF”). Lightyear is registered in Alberta, Ontario, British Columbia, Saskatchewan and Manitoba and services client accounts in the jurisdictions in which it is registered.
Lightyear Capital Inc. maintains the following policies and makes the following disclosures.
For more detail, please visit:
 Terms of Use
 Privacy Policy
 Conflict of Interest Statement
 Relationship Disclosure Document
 Client Complaint Process
 Multiple Marketplaces Trading Policy
 Trade Matching Statement
 Fee Schedule
 IIROC AdvisorReport

 
















 Member of:   •    •  
© 2017 · All Rights Reserved · Designed with ❤ by talonX
 

 


 






































Team - Lightyear Capital Inc.










































 








































 
 








MEET THE DIRECTORS
















Management Team

Louise M. Duchesne, CA

Managing Director
Louise Duchesne is a co-founder of Lightyear and has over 20 years of investment industry experience. Ms. Duchesne is responsible for the oversight of the firm.
Prior to joining Lightyear , Ms. Duchesne was Chief Financial Officer & Director at Peters & Co. Limited and prior thereto, a manager in the Assurance (Audit) group with Ernst & Young.
Ms. Duchesne holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from McGill University and a Chartered Accountant designation.
Email: lduchesne@lightyearcapital.com
Phone: (403) 218-1409


Murray A. Weimer, CA

Managing Director
Murray Weimer is a co-founder of Lightyear and has over 18 years of investment banking experience. During his career, Mr. Weimer has provided advice and executed on numerous M&A, valuation, fairness opinion and equity and debt financing assignments. As Managing Director, Investment Banking, his responsibilities are focused on leading, overseeing, and executing Lightyear’s equity capital markets strategy.
Mr. Weimer holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Saskatchewan and a Chartered Accountant designation.
Email: mweimer@lightyearcapital.com
Phone: (403) 218-1405


 


















 Member of:   •    •  
© 2017 · All Rights Reserved · Designed with ❤ by talonX
 

 


 






































Responsive. Disciplined. Execution. - Lightyear Capital Inc.










































 








































 
 









 






 



 



Responsive. Disciplined. Execution.
















Institutional Sales
Lightyear’s institutional sales and trading services includes:
• Trading
• Block trading and equity sourcing
• Syndication
• Normal Course Issuer Bids




Sales & Trading
Lightyear Capital Inc. offers sales and trading services and solutions to institutional and private, high-net-worth clients. Lightyear has national distribution and strong relationships with financial institutions and dealers that enables efficient execution of trading mandates.
We have timely sector knowledge and industry insights that allow us to source and execute optimal trading opportunities for our clients in line with market movements and trends. Our network and relationships enable us to service and manage special situation trades, including illiquid investments and discreet block order management on our focus stocks. Lightyear also offers distribution and a full range of retail products to accredited, private clients.




Private Client Sales
Lightyear’s retail sales and trading services includes:
• Access to all North American markets
• Structured products, ETFs, active and passive managed funds
• Account types include cash, margin, TFSA, RSP and RESP
• Private and public market issues

 


















 Member of:   •    •  
© 2017 · All Rights Reserved · Designed with ❤ by talonX
 

 


 







































Lightyear Capital LLC | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Finance and Insurance Sector Industry Report


Investment Firms Industry Report


















Lightyear Capital LLCCompany Information

9 W 57th StNew York, NY, 10019 United States(212) 328-0555 †
http://www.lycap.com
Top 3 Competitors

Advent International Corporation
Fox Paine & Company, LLC
Stone Point Capital LLC



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Lightyear Capital LLC Company Profile

   Specializing in the financial services industry, private equity investment firm Lightyear Capital provides buyout and growth capital primarily to middle market companies. Its investments range from $50 million to $150 million per transaction in firms involved in banking, brokerage, capital markets, insurance and reinsurance, leasing, specialty finance, and financial technology. Lightyear Capital's principals bring their own experience from the financial services industry to their portfolio companies, offering expertise in growth strategies, raising capital, and operational efficiencies, as well as an established network of relationships and contacts.
  
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Lightyear Capital LLC Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Strategy & Planning

Identify new market opportunities and new strategies for existing markets.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

New York, NY, United States
Finance & Insurance Sector
Investment Firms







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























Lightyear Capital LLC | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Finance and Insurance Sector Industry Report


Investment Firms Industry Report















Lightyear Capital LLC Revenue and Financial Data

   Specializing in the financial services industry, private equity investment firm Lightyear Capital provides buyout and growth capital primarily to middle market companies. Its investments range from $50 million to $150 million per transaction in firms involved in banking, brokerage, capital markets, insurance and reinsurance, leasing, specialty finance, and financial technology. Lightyear Capital's principals bring their own experience from the financial services industry to their portfolio companies, offering expertise in growth strategies, raising capital, and operational efficiencies, as well as an established network of relationships and contacts.
  







Financials Information for Lightyear Capital LLC

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$164.838799 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























Lightyear Capital LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:17 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Lightyear Capital LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Lightyear Capital LLC is a private equity firm specializing in middle market, growth capital, recapitalizations, and leveraged buyout investments. The firm focuses on companies in the financial services including asset management, banking, brokerage, financial technology, insurance, specialty finance, leasing, and related business services. The firm typically invests in North America. It invests between $25 million and $100 million in companies with enterprise values under $500 million, but can invest larger amounts. It seeks to make controlling and majority stake investments. Lightyear Capital LLC was founded in 2000 and is based in New York, New York.


9 West 57th Street31st FloorNew York, NY 10019United StatesFounded in 2000



Phone: 212-328-0555

Fax: 212-328-0516

www.lycap.com







Key Executives for Lightyear Capital LLC




Mr. Donald B. Marron


      	Chairman and Founder
      


Age: 80
        







Mr. Mark F. Vassallo


      	Managing Partner
      








Mr. Ellan Ben-Hayon CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, and Managing Director
      








Ms. Lori J. Forlano J.D.


      	Managing Director, General Counsel, and Chief Administrative Officer
      








Mr. Thierry F. Ho CFA


      	Managing Director
      


Age: 59
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Lightyear Capital LLC Key Developments

Lightyear Capital Promotes Daniel Freyman to Managing Director
Jan 19 16
Lightyear Capital LLC announced the promotion of Daniel Freyman to Managing Director. Mr.  Freyman will draw upon his nearly two decades of experience in financial services as he joins Lightyear's Investment Committee. Mr.  Freymanjoined Lightyear in 2007, prior to which he worked at Credit Suisse for nine years advising financial institution clients on mergers and acquisitions and capital raises. He began his career at Alex. Brown.


Legg Mason Said to Be in Exclusive Talks to Buy Clarion Partners
Jan 4 16
Legg Mason Inc. (NYSE:LM) is in exclusive talks to buy a majority stake in Clarion Partners, LLC from Lightyear Capital LLC in a deal that would value Clarion Partners at about $850 million, people with knowledge of the matter said. Under the terms being discussed, Legg Mason would buy 80% from Lightyear Capital, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private. Clarion’s management, headed by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Stephen Furnary, would retain 20%, the people said. A deal could be announced as early as this month, they said. Spokesmen for Legg Mason and Lightyear declined to comment, while a representative of Clarion didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment.


Lightyear Looking To Sell Its Stake In Clarion Partners
Nov 19 15
Lightyear Capital LLC is looking to sell its majority stake in real estate investment manager Clarion Partners LLC for around $800 million, people familiar with the sales said this week. Clarion's current management plans to retain its minority interest in the company after a sale, according to the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak about the sale. Lightyear’s stake in Clarion has attracted interest from Legg Mason Inc. (NYSE:LM). Representatives for Clarion, Lightyear and Legg Mason declined to comment.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      July 14, 2017
			    
Neff Corporation



Private Placement

			      December 21, 2016
			    
Ygrene Energy Fund, Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      December 16, 2016
			    
RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Lightyear Capital LLC, please visit www.lycap.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































Lightyear Capital LLC | Email CEO @lycap.com CFO 

















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL






















































 




                    Lightyear Capital LLC





lycap.com





9 West 57th Street                 
                 
New York, NY 10019
Phone: 212-328-0555
Fax: N/A










 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

100 - 249

Revenue: 

50 - 100 Million

Industry:  
                    Finance->Investment Bank/Brokerage                
SIC Code:  
                     6211  - Security Brokers and Dealers
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











No Categories





No Products Found












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All Analytics










Google Analytics
Google Analytics shows you the full customer picture across ads and videos, websites and social tools, tablets and smartphones. That makes it easier to serve your current customers and win new ones.



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            January 20, 2016 - New Hire
 NameTitleDaniel FreymanManaging Director
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Ellan Ben-hayon                                    

Title: CFO







                         No Email Avail                            
Finance

export









                                        Donald Marron                                    

Title: Chairman/Founder








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Jason Ehrlich                                    

Title: Vice President








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Mark Vassallo                                    

Title: Managing Partner








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Lori Forlano                                    

Title: Managing Director








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Michael Doppelt                                    

Title: Managing Director








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Michal Petrzela                                    

Title: Managing Director








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Chris Casciato                                    

Title: Managing Director








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Stewart Gross                                    

Title: Managing Director








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Jim Foreman                                    

Title: Senior Advisor







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Anita Singh                                    

Title: Accountant 








Free Trial For Email


Finance

export









                                        Boris Rapoport                                    

Title: Private Equity








Free Trial For Email


Other

export









                                        Jay Comerford                                    

Title: Vice President - Private Equity








Free Trial For Email


Other

export









                                        Sebastian Kirwan                                    

Title: Associate








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Michael Kraslow                                    

Title: Associate







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Roseita Monteiro                                    

Title: Associate







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        David Nestler                                    

Title: Associate – Legal







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Worth Newman                                    

Title: Associate







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Lee Shavel                                    

Title: Senior Advisor - Consultant







                         No Email Avail                            
Pro Services

export








Showing 1 to 
                19                                

                                    of 39 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS















Yearly


Quarterly




































Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Lightyear Capital LLC, a Investment bank/brokerage company, is based in New York, NY. They can be reached through Lightyear Capital LLC email format addresses indicated on their Lead411 profile with a domain of @lycap.com.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@lycap.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Similar Companies:
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a Investment bank/brokerage company, is based in New York, NY. They can be reached through The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. email format addresses indicated on their Lead411 profile with a domain of @goldmansachs.com.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@goldmansachs.com addresses.
Tradeweb Markets LLC
Tradeweb Markets LLC, a company that works within the Investment bank/brokerage industry. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Tradeweb Markets Llc email addresses with the @tradeweb.comdomain format. They have their head office in New York, NY.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@tradeweb.com addresses.
Keefe Bruyette & Woods Inc
Lead411 offers quality contact information on a variety of companies including that of Keefe Bruyette & Woods Inc's CEO Michaud Tom. The company profile also contains facebook info, linkedin accounts, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and Keefe Bruyette & Woods Inc email addresses with the domain format of @kbw.com. Keefe Bruyette & Woods Inc, is in the Investment bank/brokerage field.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@kbw.com addresses.




Company Directory > Lightyear Capital LLC




















 







Lightyear Capital LLC : Articles :: Law360


































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Lightyear Capital LLC


 News & Case Alert  on Lightyear Capital LLC



Financial » Asset Management » Lightyear Capital LLC







Alert me of new articles

Menu options for Lightyear Capital LLC 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


Sections


Asset Management (9)
Banking (2)
Bankruptcy (4)
Capital Markets (2)
Delaware (4)
Employment (1)
Energy (2)
Environmental (1)
Florida (1)
Hospitality (1)
Insurance (3)
Legal Industry (1)
Life Sciences (2)
Media & Entertainment (1)
Mergers & Acquisitions (11)
Midwest (1)
New Jersey (1)
New York (2)
Pennsylvania (1)
Private Equity (12)
Project Finance (1)
Real Estate (3)
Retail & E-Commerce (1)
Securities (3)
Tax (1)
Technology (2)
Telecommunications (2)
Texas (2)
Top News (1)
Transportation (1)







×
Search within the list below:







Name
Count






Continue
Cancel










×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel













Search News


















News (20)


July 14, 2017
Dechert Guides H&E Equipment In $1.2B Deal For Neff
... scrapped the plans and was purchased by Lightyear Capital in 2007.

Neff later entered bankruptcy...


May  4, 2017
FINRA Fines Ex-AIG Units Over Net Capital Accounting
... units of AIG, now indirectly owned by Lightyear Capital LLC, ending allegations their inaccurate...


December 22, 2016
Lightyear Injects $95M Into Clean Energy Financing Provider
...Lightyear Capital LLC has agreed to plug $95 million into Ygrene Energy Fund Inc., which provides...


December 16, 2016
Willkie Guides Virtus In $472M Deal For RidgeWorth
... presentation said. The purchase is being made from Lightyear Capital LLC.

Virtus is a publicly traded asset...


August 26, 2016
Clarion Partners Plans $58M Denver Office Building
... million deal with private equity shop Lightyear Capital to buy an 83 percent stake in Clarion. As part of...


April 11, 2016
RCS Capital Gets Approval On Changes To Ch. 11 Disclosures
... that RCS filed against a competitor.

RCS filed the suit against Lightyear Capital, accusing the...


March 28, 2016
RCS Advisory Arm Hits Ch. 11 As Part Of Restructuring
... Lightyear Capital of trying to poach key Cetera executives in violation of a nondisclosure agreement...


March 16, 2016
RCS Capital Gets Approval For Key Restructuring Support Deal
... adversary action in its own case, accusing competitor Lightyear Capital of trying to poach key executives in...


February 25, 2016
RCS Accuses Competitor Of Poaching Top Executives
...Bankrupt brokerage holding firm RCS Capital accused competitor Lightyear Capital on Thursday of...


January 26, 2016
AIG Plans Divestitures, $25B Capital Returns After Icahn Push
... Group, a network of broker-dealers, to Lightyear Capital LLC and PSP Investments for an undisclosed...


January 22, 2016
Legg Mason Nabs Real Estate Firm For $585M In Deals Flurry
...Legg Mason Inc. said Friday it has struck a $585 million deal with private equity shop Lightyear...


January  6, 2016
Deals Rumor Mill: Verizon, Legg Mason, EDF
... slice from Clarion’s current owner, private equity firm Lightyear Capital, in a deal that would...


November 19, 2015
Deals Rumor Mill: Pfizer, Cosco Group, Towers Watson
... Group.

Lightyear Capital is seeking buyers for the majority stake it owns in real estate investment...


June 23, 2014
Pennsylvania Powerhouse: Duane Morris
... Financial Group Inc., a leading independent broker-dealer, from Lightyear Capital LLC for $1.15 billion...


January 24, 2014
Taxation With Representation: Tax Counsel On The Deal
... independent broker-dealer, in a $1.15 billion deal with Lightyear Capital LLC, the firms said last week.

RCS...


December 11, 2013
SunTrust Nets $265M In RidgeWorth Unit Sale To Lightyear
...New York-based private equity firm Lightyear Capital LLC and RidgeWorth Investments employees...


August 30, 2013
Deals Rumor Mill: AT&T, Microsoft, Blackstone
...-name buyers including The Blackstone Group LP and Advent International, as well as Thoma Bravo, Lightyear...


November 17, 2011
M&A MVP: Fried Frank's Alan Kaden
... Advisers LLC's $960 million acquisition of BakerCorp from Lightyear Capital LLC and Toreador Resource Corp...


April 12, 2011
Goodmans, Hodgson Rep Altus In $130M Software Buy
... owner of a software platform called Argus Software Inc., from private equity firms Lightyear Capital LLC...


November  3, 2009
Lightyear To Snap Up 3 ING Broker-Dealer Units
... retail broker-dealer units to private equity firm Lightyear Capital LLC, just a week after revealing...



	Show: 2050100200















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In



















Lightyear Capital - Wikipedia





















 






Lightyear Capital

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Lightyear Capital





Type

Private


Industry
Private equity


Founded
2000; 17 years ago (2000)


Founder
Donald Marron


Headquarters
New York, New York, United States


Products
Leveraged buyout, Growth capital


Total assets
$3 billion[1]



Number of employees

20+


Website
www.lycap.com


Lightyear Capital is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments in financial services companies.
The firm, which is based in New York City, was founded in 2002 with the backing of UBS AG by Donald Marron.[2] Marron is best known for building up PaineWebber over a 23-year career and completing its sale to UBS AG in late 2000 for $10.8 Billion.[3][4][5] Marron was also a founder of Data Resources Inc.[6]
The firm has raised approximately $3 billion since inception across its two funds. In May 2002, Lightyear closed on its first fund, The Lightyear Fund, with $750 million of investor commitments, approximately $500 million of which came from UBS AG. In 2006, the firm completed fundraising for its second private equity fund, with $850 million of commitments from over 40 investors.[1][7]
Among the firm's most notable investments are Collegiate Funding Services (acquired by JPMorgan Chase),[8] ARGUS Software,[9] Higher One, NAU Country Insurance Company (the nation's third largest crop insurer), Antares Holdings, New Flyer Industries, and Goldleaf Financial Solutions (NASDAQ: GFSI).
In 2013, Atlanta, divested its RidgeWorth Investments to Lightyear Capital LLC for up to $265 million.[10]
References[edit]


^ a b Lightyear Fund II closes on $850m Archived 2008-06-12 at the Wayback Machine.. AltAssets, March 6, 2007
^ Tennille Tracy (March 5, 2007). "Marron Q&A: The Buzz on Lightyear Capital". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Joseph A. Giannone (November 12, 2008). "Lightyear's Marron eyeing banks, insurers". Reuters. 
^ Pranay Gupte (September 21, 2005). "The Ubiquitous and Indefatigable Donald Marron". The New York Sun. 
^ "UBS to Buy PaineWebber for $10.8 Billion". ABC News. July 12, 2000. 
^ Donald Marron Archived 2009-03-27 at the Wayback Machine.. Charlie Rose Interviews
^ Forty Institutions Back Lightyear's New $850M Fund. Thomson Buyouts, March 19, 2007
^ Lightyear sells shares in Collegiate Funding Services to JPMorgan Chase Bank. AltAssets, December 20, 2005
^ Insight and Lightyear Merge Circle Software into Realm Business Solutions. November 29, 2006
^ James Comtois (January 6, 2014). "International deals rise in 2013; activity in U.S. falls". Pensions & Investments. 


External links[edit]


Companies portal



Lightyear Capital (company website)







v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital investment firms



Investment strategy



Venture
Growth
Mezzanine
Secondaries
Leveraged buyout








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Investors



Angel investor
Commercial bank
Corporate venture capital
Crowdfunding
Family office
Endowment
Fund of funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investor
Insurance company
Investment bank
Merchant bank
Pension fund
Sovereign wealth fund








Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Merchant banking private equity groups (current and prior)






ABN Amro
AAC Capital Partners
Bank of America
Ridgemont Equity Partners
Merrill Lynch Global Private Equity
Barclays Capital
Barclays Private Equity
Barings Bank
Baring Vostok Capital Partners
GP Investments
Bear Stearns
Irving Place Capital (fka BSMB)
CIBC World Markets
Trimaran Capital Partners
Citigroup
Metalmark Capital
Court Square Capital Partners
CVC Capital Partners
Credit Suisse
Avista Capital Partners
Diamond Castle Holdings
Deutsche Bank
MidOcean Partners
First Chicago Bank (defunct)
Madison Dearborn Partners
GTCR
Goldman Sachs
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
JPMorgan Chase
CCMP Capital (fka JPMorgan Partners)
One Equity Partners
Lazard
Lazard Alternative Investments
Lehman Brothers (defunct)
Trilantic Capital Partners
Morgan Stanley
Metalmark Capital
Morgan Stanley Capital Partners
Nomura
Terra Firma Capital Partners
UBS
UBS Capital
Affinity Equity Partners
Capvis
Lightyear Capital
Wells Fargo
Norwest Venture Partners
Pamlico Capital
William Blair & Company
Chicago Growth Partners
William Blair Capital Partners









List of investment banking private equity groups







 
This article about a private equity or venture capital firm based in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Lightyear_Capital&oldid=788445808"					
Categories: Private equity firms of the United StatesInvestment banking private equity groupsUBSCompanies established in 2002Companies based in New York City2002 establishments in New YorkUnited States private equity firm stubsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksPages using deprecated image syntaxAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 12:34.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 















Lightyear Capital Completes Acquisition of the Healthcare Benefit Solutions Business from FIS

















































Contact Us

Contact Sales  Request more information about our solutions and services 
Contact Support  Product issue? Request contact from our technical support team 
General Inquiry  Need to get in touch with Alegeus for other reasons? Click here 



News

Press Releases  Stay current on the latest Alegeus news 
Alegeus in the News  Check out the latest media  coverage featuring Alegeus 
Healthcare Consumerism Blog  Read our interpretation of industry news & trends 
Newsletter Archive  View past issues of our newsletters 



Insights

On-demand Webinars
Podcasts
Infographics
Client Successes
Case Studies
Research Reports
Brochures
Videos



Clients

Health Insurance Plans  Embrace consumer directed healthcare 
Third Party Administrators  Differentiate your benefit account offerings 
Financial Institutions  Capitalize on the HSA market opportunity 



Platform

Administer Benefit Accounts  Including FSAs, HRAs, HSAs, & more 
Manage HSA Assets  A custodial solution built specifically for HSAs 
Influence Consumer Behavior  Decision support for healthcare spending & saving 
Process Payments & Communications  Streamline post-adjudication claim processes 



Company

About Us  Enabling the future winners of consumer directed healthcare
Management Team  World class leadership & deep industry expertise
Events  View upcoming webinars & events
Careers  Seeking an adventure? Join our team



 










Press Releases  Stay current on the latest Alegeus news 
Alegeus in the News  Check out the latest media  coverage featuring Alegeus 
Healthcare Consumerism Blog  Read our interpretation of industry news & trends 
Newsletter Archive  View past issues of our newsletters 
 









  / News / Press Releases  / Lightyear Capital Completes Acquisition of the Healthcare Benefit Solutions Business from FIS




 Press Releases 


 Lightyear Capital Completes Acquisition of the Healthcare Benefit Solutions Business from FIS







						Published on Wednesday, August 15, 2012					




Company Renamed Alegeus Technologies
New York, NY, August 15, 2012 – Lightyear Capital LLC (“Lightyear”), a New York-based private equity firm focused on financial services investing, today announced that an affiliate of Lightyear Fund III, L.P. completed its acquisition of the Healthcare Benefit Solutions business from FIS™. Lightyear previously announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire the business on June 25, 2012.
The new company has been renamed and will operate as Alegeus Technologies (“Alegeus”). Alegeus is the market leader in benefits administration and payment processing for consumer directed healthcare accounts. Robert Natt will be Alegeus’ full time Executive Chairman and Thomas Torre will be its Chief Executive Officer.
“There is tremendous opportunity to grow and expand this business, and we look forward to working closely with Bob Natt, Tom Torre and the rest of the Alegeus team to invest in the talent and technology which will extend its leadership in consumer directed healthcare,” said Donald B. Marron, Chairman of Lightyear.
“Lightyear is the perfect partner for Alegeus,” said Bob Natt. “They have great insights into our business and are committed to helping us grow as an independent company and expand our business in healthcare benefit and payment processing to accommodate market trends.”
“We are extremely excited to complete this transaction and announce our new corporate name,” said Tom Torre. “We look forward to leveraging Alegeus’ market leading and comprehensive product offering to help our clients deliver the best benefit administration and payment programs in the marketplace. With Lightyear as our new partner we are poised for growth and we look forward to doing great things together.”
About Lightyear Capital LLC
Lightyear Capital is a leading private equity firm making primarily control investments in North America based middle-market financial services companies. Based in New York, Lightyear, through its affiliated funds, has managed approximately $3 billion of committed capital with investments across the financial services spectrum, including asset management, banking, brokerage, financial technology, insurance, and specialty finance. Lightyear brings unique strengths and discipline to its investment process, as well as operating, transaction, and strategic management experience, along with significant contacts and resources beyond capital. The senior team of professionals averages over 25 years of financial services-related experience and includes Chris Casciato, David Cynn, Michael Doppelt, Stewart Gross, Thierry Ho, Donald Marron, Richard Sterne, and Mark Vassallo.

About Alegeus 
Alegeus is the market leader in consumer directed healthcare solutions,  offering the industry’s most comprehensive platform for the administration of  healthcare benefit accounts (including FSAs, HSAs, HRAs, wellness incentive,  dependent care, and commuter accounts), the industry’s most widely-used benefit  debit card, and powerful engagement solutions to help consumers maximize  savings and optimize spending for their healthcare.  Over 300 clients – including  health insurance plans, third party administrators and financial institutions –  leverage Alegeus’ deep expertise and proven technology to administer benefit  accounts for more than 30 million members and process more than $9.1 billion in consumer healthcare payments annually. As the healthcare and benefit markets  continue to evolve, Alegeus delivers solutions that enable clients to evolve  their service offerings, operate their businesses more efficiently, and focus  on their customers.  The company is headquartered in Waltham, MA with operations in Orlando, FL and Milwaukee, WI.
Contact:
Jennifer Irwin
Alegeus
414-699-5927
jennifer.irwin@alegeus.com 

 


Alegeus Industry Insider

















Contact UsNewsInsightsClientsPlatformCompany

Copyright © 2017 Alegeus. All Rights Reserved.


Privacy Policy




















 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































LLC vs. Inc | Differences Between LLC & Inc  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




LLC vs. Corporation: What's the Difference?


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











You can think of these as two different company structures with very different tax requirements. Whichever way you choose to go, you're going to look more legit than the other guys. So just take a minute to consider your short-and long-term business goals to figure out which structure is best for you.
Advantages and Disadvantages
A limited liability company is a type of business structure that offers personal liability protections and a few tax advantages to boot. The "LL" in LLC is what protects your personal assets in the event of a judgment against your company. Corporations offer limited liability as well, so we're going to focus on the structural and taxation differences in the chart below.



Advantages of an LLC
Advantages of a Corporation




 No limit on the number of owners
 May issue shares of stock to attract investors


 Profit and loss are passed through to the owners' individual tax returns
 Corporate income splitting may help lower overall tax liability


 No annual meeting or minute book requirements
 






Disadvantages of an LLC
Disadvantages of a Corporation




 Cannot engage in corporate income splitting to lower tax liability
 C corp tax structure requires double taxation of corporate profits (s corp's does not)


 Cannot issue stock
 Must hold annual meetings and record minutes


 
 S corporations have restrictions on the number of owners



LLC or Corporation: Which One Is Right for Me?
Business goals aren't one size fits all, and neither is incorporating. When deciding which kind of corporation fits your business strategy, consider some of the differences that each kind offers. And take a deeper dive with our comprehensive comparison chart.
Find out which corporation is right for your business with our business wizard!
Learn More About Legal Business Structures
Regardless of which business structure you choose, incorporate.com can help you incorporate or form an LLC online or by phone in minutes.

Limited Liability Company (LLC) 
C Corporation 
S Corporation
Nonprofit Corporation
Professional Corporation 
Series LLC
Limited Partnership


Ready to Form Your Business?
get started





Let's get to it.

Incorporate in any state, starting as low as

$79

plus state fees

Get Started






Download a Free Business Formation Guide




First Name



Last Name



Email






Primary Phone






By entering your telephone number and clicking "Continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800-818-6082 to speak to someone who can help you. Your personal information will remain private.


















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING






































Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































Get Started in Any State  | incorporate.com




















































 Click to Complete by Phone



				CLOSE
				

















                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    












Select a State for Your New Business Entity
Select a State
Many businesses incorporate in their home states, but there are advantages to selecting other states.




Please Select
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




										Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
									



Continue





Choose the Type of Entity You'd Like to Form
Choose an Entity Type
LLC is the most popular entity type for small businesses, but it's not for everyone. We've provided descriptions of some common entity types to help you choose.










{{entity.type}}







{{ entity.type }}
{{ entity.description }}

 {{list}}

Frequently Asked Questions 


Packages starting at

${{entity.price | numberTwoDecimalsUnlessTrailingZeros}}
$

Plus State Fees

{{entity.discountCode}}
{{entity.intlDiscountCode}}

Select














								Need help selecting a state for your new business entity?
							

Choosing Your Home State
Why Delaware is the 'Best'



Top States to incorporate in



27% of customers select
										Delaware
									


12% of customers select
										California
									


10% of customers select
										Florida
									


6% of customers select
										New York
									


5% of customers select
										Nevada
									


5% of customers select
										Texas
									








 






        incorporate.com keeps my deadlines organized. The customer service is outstanding and those who have helped me have been nice, professional, and incredibly helpful. 
        
Susan C. – Washington, DC – 4/14/2015














 


The Corporate Veil Guarantee is not available to residents of North Carolina.
©2017 incorporate.com. All rights reserved. 
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice. 



Legal
Privacy










LOADING







×





Create









×




Along with picking the right entity type for your business, it's important to consider which state to incorporate in.
For most small business owners, the choice is simple: they incorporate in the state where their company is physically located, known as 'home state incorporation.' However, there are good reasons to consider forming your corporation or LLC in certain other states, including tax advantages, streamlined judicial processes, and easier business filing requirements.
For example, many business owners choose to incorporate in Delaware, which is a favored business jurisdiction for the previously mentioned and other reasons.

Delaware is widely considered to be one of the nation's most business-friendly jurisdictions. There are a number of reasons to incorporate your small business in Delaware, including:

Well-established and flexible business laws
Low franchise tax on small businesses
No tax on capital stock or assets
No state sales tax
A special business court (Court of Chancery) that minimizes the time and cost of commercial litigation
No residency requirement for shareholders, directors, and officers of a corporation or members or managers of an LLC























×
Just a few details and we'll get you started.

















By entering your telephone number and clicking "continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.






Close


Continue














We just need a few details.
Is this the correct email address?

Thanks! Check your inbox for an email from incorporate.com. When you're ready to continue your order, simply click the link and it will be here waiting.





										Fill out the form below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									

										If you would like to change your email address, edit it below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									















Please Select Country
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard And Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Republic of
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre And Miquelon
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Zaire
Zambia












											By providing your telephone number(s) and clicking save and send, you expressly authorize incorporate.com to contact you at the telephone number(s) above, regarding any order(s) or to introduce marketing offers, using automated telephone dialing systems. You are not required to provide this consent in order to purchase goods or services.
										



Close
Save & Send





Close
start new order











































Starting a Business - Forming an LLC or Corporation  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




Starting a Business


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











Take that first step.
Starting a business can be scary, but knowing what you need to make it happen makes things easier.
Getting Started





Business Formation Wizard






Not Sure Whether Incorporating or Forming an LLC is Right for You? Want to find out what others in your industry are doing? Let our wizard help. More…







Business Entity Types






To get the most out of your small business, choose the right structure. Selecting the right type of company for your new business helps maximize your chances of financial and operational success. More…







Employer Identification Number (EIN)






Corporations, most LLCs, and all businesses with employees must have this IRS-issued identifier. Much like a Social Security Number, an Employer Identification Number (EIN) is a federal nine-digit number that identifies a business entity. More…







Business Licenses & Permits






Most state, county, and local governments require companies to have the right licenses and permits in place before they open their doors. More…







Name Reservations






A name reservation lets you hold a particular business name for later use and prevents other companies from registering that name without notice to you. Get a free corporate name check today. More…







Register a Business Name






Many state and local governments require companies to register any alternate names under which they conduct business. Registering a DBA name alerts the public that your business intends to use that name. More…







Registered Agent Service






Corporations and Limited Liability Companies (LLCs) are required by state law to have an address where they can receive important legal and tax documents during all business hours. The person or firm receiving these documents is known as the company's "Registered Agent." More…




Business Entities





Limited Liability Company (LLC)






An LLC is a great choice for businesses that want the liability protection of a corporation with less paperwork. More…







C Corporation






A C Corporation is the most common business entity. An ideal choice for businesses that want to attract investors. More…







S Corporation






An S Corporation is a great choice for small businesses that want to avoid double taxation on business profits. More…







Nonprofit Corporation






A Non Profit business structure is the right choice for scientific, religious, educational or charitable endeavors. More…







Professional Corporation






Some states allow Professional LLCs for licensed professionals, including doctors, accountants, lawyers, engineers, architects and realtors. More…







Series LLC






A Series LLCs permits multiple members, managers and business lines. Allowed in some states. More…







Limited Partnership






A Limited Partnership provides some protection from liability for certain partners. More…




No Dumb Questions
Get your questions answered and learn more about starting your business by calling 800.818.6082.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING

































lightyear capital llc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Set Up An LLC - Get Your Business Going Today | incorporate.com



Ad
 ·
www.incorporate.com/​llc



Protect Your Personal Assets, Gain Tax Advantages and More In Minutes.





3 Step Process



Ready To Incorporate?



Learning Center Resources




Start Your Business



LLC vs. Corporation



Maintain Your Business





Get Started On Your LLC Today - Simple & Reliable Process



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Searches related tolightyear capital llc



lightyear capital llc board members


lightyear capital news


lightyear capital new york


lightyear capital advisory group



don marron lightyear capital


aqualine private equity group


lightyear fund


lightyear financial




Web Results

Lightyear Capital - Official Site

www.lycap.com


Since 2000, Lightyear Capital has provided private equity capital to a broad spectrum of companies across the financial services industry. With over $2.5 billion of ...



Team



Lightyear Capital - Lightyear Capital Inc.

www.lightyearcapital.com


Who We Are. Lightyear Capital Inc. is a private, independent investment dealer servicing Canadian corporate clients and institutional investors through investment ...


Lightyear Capital LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Lightyear Capital LLC company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Lightyear Capital LLC 9 W 57th St New York, NY Financial ...

https://www.mapquest.com/.../lightyear-capital-llc-355903359


Get directions, reviews and information for Lightyear Capital LLC in New York, NY.


Lightyear Capital - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightyear_Capital


Lightyear Capital is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments in financial services companies. The firm, which is based in New ...


Lightyear Capital LLC Announces Sale of RidgeWorth ...

www.businesswire.com/news/.../Lightyear-Capital-LLC-Announces-Sale...


Investment funds affiliated with Lightyear Capital LLC (“Lightyear”), a New York-based private equity firm focused on financial services i


Lightyear Capital to Offer Retention Deals to AIG Advisers ...

https://www.wsj.com/articles/lightyear-capital-to-offer-retention...


Private-equity firm Lightyear Capital Group LLC plans to offer retention deals to many of the more than 5,000 independent advisers who work with AIG Advisor Group. On ...


Lightyear Capital LLC Salaries | Glassdoor

https://www.glassdoor.com/Salary/Lightyear-Capital-LLC-Salaries-E...


A free inside look at Lightyear Capital LLC salary trends. 9 salaries for 9 jobs at Lightyear Capital LLC. Salaries posted anonymously by Lightyear Capital LLC employees.


Lightyear Capital LLC Announces Sale of RidgeWorth ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lightyear-capital-llc-announces...


Investment funds affiliated with Lightyear Capital LLC , a New York-based private equity firm focused on financial services investing, today announced a definitive ...


Lightyear Capital LLC - Financial Services Firm, New York ...

https://www.brightscope.com/.../firm/733647/Lightyear-Capital-LLC


Contact Lightyear Capital LLC or view Lightyear Capital LLC's ratings, investment advice, financial planning and insurance services, and get detailed information on ...










Set Up An LLC - Get Your Business Going Today | incorporate.com



Ad
 ·
www.incorporate.com/​llc



Protect Your Personal Assets, Gain Tax Advantages and More In Minutes.





3 Step Process



Ready To Incorporate?



Learning Center Resources




Start Your Business



LLC vs. Corporation



Maintain Your Business





Get Started On Your LLC Today - Simple & Reliable Process



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs




Searches related tolightyear capital llc



lightyear capital llc board members


lightyear capital news


lightyear capital new york


lightyear capital advisory group



don marron lightyear capital


aqualine private equity group


lightyear fund


lightyear financial




12345Next






Answers







Lightyear Capital



Antares Holdings, New Flyer Industries, and Goldleaf Financial Solutions . In 2013, Atlanta, divested its RidgeWorth Investments to Lightyear Capital...

more






Advisor Group



Advisor Group is an Independent Broker-Dealer as of May 2016 as the result of AIG's sale of Advisor Group to Lightyear Capital LLC, a private equity...

more






Buzz Lightyear of Star Command



Buzz Lightyear of Star Command is an American children's animated television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation in collaboration with...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














lightyear capital - Homesessive - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation









Web


Images
Images


















Search the Web


 





























Shop Capital Lighting - No Sales Tax & Free Shipping



Ad
 ·
www.lightingdesignexperts.com/​Capital



1 Week Delivery - Free Returns - Price Match Guarantee - Call In Today!





Outdoor Lighting



Chandeliers



Bathroom Lighting



Wall Sconces





Captial Lighting on Sale | TheMine.com



Ad
 ·
www.TheMine.com/​Capital



Shop 20%-50% Off Fine Furnishings and Get Free Shipping on All Orders!





Contemporary/Modern



Largest Lamp Selection



7 Day Customer Service





Searches related tolightyear capital



lightyear capital news


aig advisor group


don marron lightyear capital


lightyear capital fund size



lightyear capital and psp investments


lightyear capital advisory group


aquiline capital partners


lightyear capital new york




Web Results

Lightyear Capital - Official Site

www.lycap.com


Since 2000, Lightyear Capital has provided private equity capital to a broad spectrum of companies across the financial services industry. With over $2.5 billion of ...



Team



Lightyear Capital - Lightyear Capital Inc.

www.lightyearcapital.com


Who We Are. Lightyear Capital Inc. is a private, independent investment dealer servicing Canadian corporate clients and institutional investors through investment ...


Lightyear Capital - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightyear_Capital


Lightyear Capital is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments in financial services companies. The firm, which is based in New ...


Lightyear Capital to Offer Retention Deals to AIG Advisers ...

https://www.wsj.com/articles/lightyear-capital-to-offer-retention...


Private-equity firm Lightyear Capital Group plans to offer retention deals to many of the more than 5,000 independent advisers who work with AIG Advisor Group.


Team - Lightyear Capital Inc.

https://www.lightyearcapital.com/team


Louise M. Duchesne, CA. Managing Director. Louise Duchesne is a co-founder of Lightyear and has over 20 years of investment industry experience. Ms.


AIG Advisor Group sold to Lightyear Capital, PSP Investments

www.investmentnews.com/article/20160126/FREE/160129951/aig-advisor...


Valerie Brown, former CEO of Cetera Financial Group, will join Advisor Group as executive chairman of the board.


Lightyear Capital LLC Salaries | Glassdoor

https://www.glassdoor.com/Salary/Lightyear-Capital-LLC-Salaries-E...


A free inside look at Lightyear Capital LLC salary trends. 9 salaries for 9 jobs at Lightyear Capital LLC. Salaries posted anonymously by Lightyear Capital LLC employees.


Lightyear Capital LLC Announces Sale of RidgeWorth ...

www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161216005360/en/Lightyear-Capital...


Investment funds affiliated with Lightyear Capital LLC (“Lightyear”), a New York-based private equity firm focused on financial services i


Lightyear Capital and PSP Investments Agree to Acquire AIG ...

www.businesswire.com/.../en/Lightyear-Capital-PSP-Investments-Agree...


Lightyear Capital LLC (“Lightyear”), a New York-based private equity firm focused on financial services investing, today announced that in


Don Marron's Lightyear Capital in the running — again — to ...

www.investmentnews.com/article/20151216/FREE/151219943


For the second time since the credit crisis, noted private equity investor Donald Marron is making a hard charge to acquire the large IBD.










Shop Capital Lighting - No Sales Tax & Free Shipping



Ad
 ·
www.lightingdesignexperts.com/​Capital



1 Week Delivery - Free Returns - Price Match Guarantee - Call In Today!





Outdoor Lighting



Chandeliers



Bathroom Lighting



Wall Sconces





Captial Lighting on Sale | TheMine.com



Ad
 ·
www.TheMine.com/​Capital



Shop 20%-50% Off Fine Furnishings and Get Free Shipping on All Orders!





Contemporary/Modern



Largest Lamp Selection



7 Day Customer Service




Searches related tolightyear capital



lightyear capital news


aig advisor group


don marron lightyear capital


lightyear capital fund size


lightyear capital and psp investments


lightyear capital advisory group


aquiline capital partners


lightyear capital new york




12345Next
















Search the Web























© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network













Lightyear Capital






















































Identifying Trends. 
            Discovering Opportunities.
Since 2000, Lightyear Capital has provided private equity capital to a broad spectrum of companies across the financial services industry.  With over $2.5 billion of capital raised, we seek to leverage our sector-focused expertise and market insights to create value in our portfolio for our investors.






Firm

Private Equity Capital for Financial Services

Specialized

            Lightyear is a specialist in financial services, a dynamic and diverse industry representing as much as 20% of the U.S. economy.  Financial services is opportunity rich but oft-overlooked:  regulatory, tax, accounting, and business model complexities all require expertise.  Our knowledge, gained over a decade in financial services, positions Lightyear well to navigate the opportunities of this specialized space.
            

Experienced

            Our Investment Committee has, on average, invested together at Lightyear for 12 years, worked together for over 15 years, and been in financial services for over 30 years, including in senior operational roles.  Having completed over 35 investments since 2000 through its affiliated investment funds, the Lightyear team has extensive experience investing in and managing financial institutions.
            





Strategy

        	Lightyear is deeply embedded in financial services, having invested in the industry for over 15 years through multiple market cycles and environments.  We believe our expertise in financial services and its sub-sectors allows Lightyear to quickly identify opportunities and offer resources beyond capital to portfolio companies.

            
Industry ExpertiseFinancial services is a large and complex industry, representing approximately 15% of the S&P 500.  We use top-down analysis, theme-based research, and our well-established network to drive our sourcing.  We view the industry as composed of six sectors and target growth sub-sectors within these six.  Within each fund, we strive to create a diversified portfolio.
             


Asset Management
Financial Technology
Banks
Insurance
Brokerage
Specialty Finance




Creating Value
          We believe our extensive experience in the financial services industry helps create value for our portfolio companies and our investors.  We strive to work hand-in-hand with management teams and owners to unlock value and create stronger companies.  Below are some of the benefits and value drivers Lightyear aims to offer to our portfolio companies.
          

Access to Lightyear Network
Transaction Structuring
Add-on Acquisition Support
Experience in Regulated Environments
Operational Improvements
Data Analytics and Reporting Enhancements
Strengthened Governance






Investments


Advisor Group, Inc.
Alegeus Technologies, LLC
Antares Holdings Ltd.
ARGUS Software, Inc.
Athilon Group Holdings Corp.
BakerCorp
Cascade Bancorp
Cetera Financial Holdings, Inc.
Clarion Partners Holdings LLC
Collegiate Funding Services, Inc.
Community & Southern Holdings, Inc.
Ed Broking Group Limited
Flagstone Reinsurance Holdings Ltd.
Goldleaf Financial Solutions, Inc.
Kepler Equities S.A.
NAU Country Insurance Company
Paradigm Management Services, LLC
RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC
Strategic Growth Bank Inc.
Wealth Enhancement Group, LLC


 The portfolio companies presented are intended to be illustrative of the types of investments that may be made by the Funds and do not include all investments made.     





Team


Grid View
List View









































News



Lightyear Capital Announces $95 Million Investment in Ygrene Energy
12.21.2016


Lightyear Capital Announces Sale of RidgeWorth Investments to Virtus Investment Partners
12.16.2016


Lightyear Capital and PSP Investments Complete Purchase of Advisor Group
05.06.2016


Lightyear Capital and PSP Investments Agree to Acquire AIG Advisor Group
01.26.2016


Lightyear Capital Announces Sale of Clarion Partners to Legg Mason
01.22.2016


Lightyear Capital Names Daniel Freyman Managing Director
01.19.2016


Lightyear Capital Completes Acquisition of Majority Equity Stake in Pathlight Capital
11.23.2015


Lightyear Capital Completes Acquisition Of Majority Equity Stake In Wealth Enhancement Group
06.08.2015


Lightyear Capital Completes Sale of Paradigm Acquisition Corp. to Summit Partners
06.02.2015


Lightyear Capital Names Martin Sullivan Operating Partner
10.20.2014


RidgeWorth Buyout Closes, Becomes Independent Investment Firm
06.02.2014


Lightyear Capital Completes Sale of Cetera Financial Group
04.29.2014


Lightyear Capital Names Michal Petrzela Managing Director
04.04.2014


Lightyear Capital Announces the Sale of Antares Holdings
02.13.2014


Lightyear Capital Announces the Sale of Cetera Financial Group
01.16.2014


Lightyear Capital Announces Closing of Controlling Investment in Cooper Gay Swett & Crawford
01.16.2013


Lightyear Capital Leads Significant Investment in Cooper Gay Swett & Crawford
10.22.2012


Lightyear Capital Closes Third Financial Services Buyout Fund
09.25.2012


Lightyear Capital Completes Acquisition of the Healthcare Benefit Solutions Business from FIS
08.15.2012


Lightyear Capital to Acquire FIS Healthcare Benefit Solutions Business for $335 Million
06.25.2012


Lightyear Capital Acquires Control Stake In Paradigm Acquistion Corp.
02.01.2012


Lightyear Capital Announces Sale of BakerCorp to Permira
04.13.2011


Lightyear Capital Sells Argus Software to Altus Group
04.12.2011


Leading Asset Manager ING Clarion Partners In Agreement to Be Acquired by Management Team and Lightyear Capital
02.15.2011


Lightyear Capital Completes Sale of Leading Crop Insurer NAU Group
07.01.2010


Lightyear Capital Sells Majority Stake in Leading Crop Insurer NAU Group
04.16.2010


Lightyear Capital Completes Acquisition of Three Broker-Dealers from the ING Advisors Network
02.01.2010


Lightyear Capital to Acquire ING Advisors Network
11.03.2009


Lightyear Capital Makes Significant Investment in Higher One Holdings
08.11.2008


Lightyear Capital Completes Antares Holdings Transaction
12.03.2007


Lightyear Capital Leads Investor Group to Create Antares Holdings
10.04.2007


Lightyear Capital Completes Final Closing on Second Financial Services Buyout Fund
03.05.2007


Lightyear Fund Completes Acquisition of Baker Tanks
11.28.2005


Lightyear Fund To Acquire Baker Tanks
10.17.2005


Lightyear Capital Sells Kepler Equities to Landsbanki Íslands. Transaction Valued at €94 Million
09.06.2005


The Lightyear Fund Invests in The NAU Group. Investment Positions Crop Insurance Company for Growth
05.25.2005


Lightyear Capital Launches New Triple-A Rated Credit Protection Company
01.03.2005







Contact



Lightyear Capital
                9 West 57th Street
New York, NY 10019
(212) 328-0555

            



Business Proposals
If you have a business opportunity you would like to share with us, please e-mail proposals@lycap.com 
Employment Opportunities
If you would like to be considered for a position at Lightyear, please e-mail a resume to careers@lycap.com


Investor Relations
If you are a current or prospective investor and need more information, please e-mail IR@lycap.com
Media Inquiries
Please contact Sloane & Company at (212) 486-9500






                    Copyright  Lightyear Capital LLC | User Agreement | Privacy Policy



















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


