




Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D. | Founder, Minnesota Eye Consultants, P.A.











































1 800 393 8639






































MENU



 HOME 
 ABOUT US
 CORE VALUES OUR STAFF OUR A.S.C. RESEARCH AFFILIATED DOCTORS EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES AFFILIATED DOCTORS LIST IN THE NEWS 

 SERVICES 
 PHYSICIANS
 RICHARD L. LINDSTROM, M.D. THOMAS W. SAMUELSON, M.D. DAVID R. HARDTEN, M.D., F.A.C.S. ELIZABETH A. DAVIS, M.D., F.A.C.S. WILLIAM J. LIPHAM, M.D., F.A.C.S. PATRICK J. RIEDEL, M.D. SHERMAN W. REEVES, M.D., M.P.H. JILL S. MELICHER, M.D. CHRISTINE L. LARSEN, M.D. DANIEL S. CONRAD, M.D. RICHARD M. LAUNER, M.D. MARK S. HANSEN, M.D. ALYSON L. BLAKSTAD, O.D. SCOTT G. HAUSWIRTH, O.D., F.A.A.O. AHMAD M. FAHMY, O.D., F.A.A.O. BENJAMIN J. FOGAL, O.D. MONA M. FAHMY, O.D. NOUMIA CLOUTIER-GILL, O.D. TARA BARTH, O.D. KATE A. MONTEALEGRE, O.D. SONJA E. IVERSON-HILL, OD MARK R. BUBOLTZ, O.D. JILL M. ENGLUND, PA - C LAURA C. GUNDALE, PA-C 

 PATIENT RESOURCES
 MYMEC FINANCING OPTIONS TESTIMONIALS SEMINARS EDUCATIONAL VIDEOS PRE-OP PHYSICAL EXAMS PREPARING FOR SURGERY PRIVACY POLICIES ONLINE BILL PAY ABOUT YOUR EYES ONLINE STORE 

 ONLINE STORE 
 LOCATIONS
 BLAINE BLOOMINGTON MAPLEWOOD MINNEAPOLIS MINNETONKA 

 CONTACT US 







HOMEABOUT USCORE VALUESOUR STAFFOUR A.S.C.RESEARCHAFFILIATED DOCTORSCAREERSCURRENT OPENINGSIN THE NEWSSERVICESCATARACT CENTERCATARACT SURGERYMULTIFOCAL IOLSYMFONY IOLACCOMMODATIVE IOLYAG CAPSULOTOMYFREE 3 MINUTE CATARACT EVALUATIONLASIK CENTERILASIK TECHNOLOGYWAVEFRONT TECHNOLOGYLASIK FAQSARE YOU A CANDIDATE?MAKING LASIK AFFORDABLELASIK ALTERNATIVESOUR EXTENDED CARE PROGRAMLIFETIME LASIK SAVINGS CALCULATORFREE LASIK SCREENINGWHY CHOOSE MN EYE?NEAR VISION / READING VISIONTAKE OUR LASIK SELF TESTGLAUCOMA CENTERNEW TREATMENTS IN GLAUCOMALASER TREATMENTGLAUCOMA IMPLANTSISTENTGLAUCOMA FAQSCORNEA CENTERCORNEAL TRANSPLANTPARTIAL CORNEA TRANSPLANTPTERYGIUMPTKINTACSCONDUCTIVE KERATOPLASTYASTIGMATIC KERATOTOMYNATURAL LENS REPLACEMENTPHAKIC IOLCORNEAL COLLAGEN CROSSLINKINGNEAR VISION / READING VISIONKAMRA INLAY SUITABILITY CHECKOCULOFACIAL CENTERCOSMETIC SERVICESBLEPHAROPLASTYLATISSEZO SKIN HEALTH - OBAGICOLLAGEN INJECTIONS (HA FILLERS)BOTOX COSMETICJUVEDERMMEDICAL EYELID PROCEDURESBROW LIFTCONGENITAL LACRIMAL OBSTRUCTIONECTROPIONENTROPIONPTOSISTHYROID EYE DISEASEDCRBEFORE AND AFTER PHOTOSDRY EYE CENTERDRY EYE DIAGNOSTICSCAUSES OF DRY EYEINTENSE PULSED LIGHT THERAPYLIPIFLOW DRY EYE TREATMENTNUTRICEUTICALSTREATMENT OF DRY EYETAKE OUR DRY EYE TESTKAMRA INLAY / READING VISIONURGENT CLINICPROVIDERSRICHARD L. LINDSTROM, M.D.EDUCATIONCLINICAL AFFILIATIONSPROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONSHONORSLINDSTROM NAMED ASCRS PRESIDENTTHOMAS W. SAMUELSON, M.D.EDUCATIONCLINICAL AFFILIATIONSPROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONSKEYNOTE LECTURESDAVID R. HARDTEN, M.D., F.A.C.S.HONORSEDUCATIONCLINICAL AFFILIATIONSPROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONSPUBLICATIONSELIZABETH A. DAVIS, M.D., F.A.C.S.EDUCATIONCLINICAL AFFILIATIONSPROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONSHONORSKEYNOTE LECTURESWILLIAM J. LIPHAM, M.D., F.A.C.S.EDUCATIONCLINICAL AFFILIATIONSPROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONSHONORSKEYNOTE LECTURESPUBLICATIONSPATRICK J. RIEDEL, M.D.EDUCATIONMEMBERSHIPS AND ACTIVITIESACADEMIC APPOINTMENTSPUBLICATIONSHONORS AND AWARDSSHERMAN W. REEVES, M.D., M.P.H.JILL S. MELICHER, M.D.CHRISTINE L. LARSEN, M.D.OMAR E. AWAD, M.D., F.A.C.S.MARK S. HANSEN, M.D.DANIEL S. CONRAD, M.D.RICHARD M. LAUNER, M.D.WALTER T. PARKER, M.D.ALYSON L. BLAKSTAD, O.D.AHMAD M. FAHMY, O.D., F.A.A.O., DIPL., ABOBENJAMIN J. FOGAL, O.D., F.A.A.O.MONA M. FAHMY, O.D., F.A.A.O.NOUMIA CLOUTIER – GILL, O.D., F.A.A.O.TARA R. BARTH, O.D.SONJA E. IVERSON-HILL, O.D.MARK R. BUBOLTZ, O.D., F.A.A.O.JOHNNA D. HOBBS, O.D.GINA M. DOEDEN, O.D.MICHAEL D. SCHEIDT, O.D.JILL M. ENGLUND, PA-CLAURA C. GUNDALE, PA-CKRISTEN M. CHUBA, PA-CPATIENT RESOURCESMYMECMEDICAL RECORDS RELEASEORDER CONTACT LENSESPATIENT FEEDBACKVISION CARE FEEDBACK FORMSURGICAL FEEDBACK FORMFINANCING OPTIONSFINANCING & BILLING FAQREAD OUR REVIEWS!TESTIMONIALSEDUCATIONAL VIDEOSPRE-OP PHYSICAL EXAMSPREPARING FOR SURGERYPRIVACY POLICIESONLINE BILL PAYABOUT YOUR EYESGLOSSARYFAQCATARACT FAQSFACIAL REJUVENATION FAQSLASIK FAQSRESEARCH FAQSEYE DISORDERSNUTRACEUTICALSONLINE STOREONLINE STORELOCATIONSBLAINEBLOOMINGTONFALCON HEIGHTSMAPLEWOODMINNEAPOLISMINNETONKAWOODBURYCONTACT USFEEDBACK FORMSVENDOR REQUEST FORMTELL US ABOUT YOUR VISIT!











 

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT



 

TAKE OUR LASIK SELF TEST









Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D.

  





HOME>Providers>Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D.






Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D. is honored by the Eye Bank Association of America. Click here to read more.
Dr. Richard L. Lindstrom, founder and attending surgeon of Minnesota Eye Consultants and Adjunct Professor Emeritus at the University of Minnesota Department of Ophthalmology, is a board-certified ophthalmologist and internationally recognized leader in corneal, cataract, refractive and laser surgery. He has been at the forefront of ophthalmology's evolutionary changes throughout his career, as a recognized researcher, teacher, inventor, writer, lecturer and highly acclaimed physician and surgeon.
After graduating Magna Cum Laude from the College of Liberal Arts at the University of Minnesota, Dr. Lindstrom completed his doctorate degree in medicine in 1972. He conducted research, residency and fellowship training in cornea at the University of Minnesota and affiliated hospitals and extended his anterior segment surgery fellowship training at Mary Shiels Hospital in Dallas and was a Heed Fellow in Glaucoma at University Hospital in Salt Lake City. In 1980, Dr. Lindstrom returned to the University of Minnesota, where he spent ten years on the faculty of the Department of Ophthalmology, the last two as a full professor and the Harold G. Scheie Research Chair. He continues as Adjunct Professor Emeritus, Chairman of the Vision Foundation, and Associate Director of the Minnesota Lions Eye Bank at the University of Minnesota. He entered private practice in 1989 and has led the growth and expansion of Minnesota Eye Consultants having served as managing partner for 15 years. He is also medical director of TLC Vision, Sightpath Medical, and Refractec. He is Chief Medical Editor of the USA and International editions of Ocular Surgery News, which reaches 82,000 ophthalmologists worldwide.

Dr. Lindstrom served as President (2007-2008) of the American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgeons; he also serves on the Executive Committee and is the Chair of the Corporate Gifts Committee for the ASCRS Foundation. He has in the past served as the President of the International Society of Refractive Surgery, the International Intraocular Implant Club, and the International Refractive Surgery Club. He is the Global Education Liaison of the International Society of Refractive Surgery of the American Academy of Ophthalmology.
He is Chairman and CEO of Lindstrom Cleaning and Construction, a three-generation family business. He has endowed funds supporting the University of Minnesota Department of Ophthalmology, the Eye Bank Association of America, and the University of Minnesota Tennis Team.
Dr. Lindstrom holds over 30 patents in ophthalmology and has developed a number of solutions, intraocular lenses and instruments that are used in clinical practices globally. He serves on the Board of Directors of AcuFocus, Inc, TLC Vision, Occulogix, eyeonics, Refractec, the Minnesota Medical Foundation, and Inner City Tennis.
A frequent lecturer throughout the world on cornea, cataract and refractive surgery, he has presented over 37 named lectures and keynote speeches before professional societies in the U.S. and abroad, most recently giving the Blumenthal Memorial lecture in Jerusalem, Israel, the Benedetto Strampelli Medal Lecture in Rome, Italy, and the Albrecht von Garefe-Vorlesung Innovator’s Lecture in Nuremberg, Germany.
Dr. Lindstrom serves on a number of journal editorial boards, including JCRS, JRS, and Ophthalmic Surgery. He is the Honorary Editor-in-Chief of the U.S./Chinese Journal of Ophthalmology. He has co-edited seven books, published over 350 peer reviewed journal articles and 60 book chapters. His professional affiliations are extensive, including Liaison of the International Society of Refractive Surgery of the American Academy of Ophthalmology.
He is the recipient of numerous awards for distinguished service by national and international ophthalmology associations, including the LANS, Barraquer and the first lifetime achievement award from the International Society of Refractive Surgery in October 1995 and also was honoured with another lifetime achievement award in October 2002, the Binkhorst Lecture Award from the American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery, the Bausch and Lomb Lifetime Achievement Award, April 2005, and the Paton Award and NACT from the Eye Bank Association of America.








ProvidersEducationClinical AffiliationsProfessional AffiliationsHonorsLindstrom Named ASCRS President




 

 CATARACT CENTER Learn More 



 

 LASIK CENTER Learn More 



 

 GLAUCOMA CENTER Learn More 



 

 CORNEA CENTER Learn More 



 

 OCULOFACIAL CENTER Learn More 



 

 DRY EYE CENTER Learn More 












ONLINE
  BILL PAY

MyMEC

RESEARCH

ONLINE STORE

VIDEO
  CENTER







SELECT A LOCATION
BLAINE
BLOOMINGTON
FALCON HEIGHTS
MAPLEWOOD
MINNEAPOLIS
MINNETONKA













CBS Minnesota
Kare11 News
MN Monthly magazine
MN Physician
Minneapolis St Paul Magazine
Bloomington Sun Current
Star Tribune



 Tell Us About Your Visit



 CALL US NOW
        
1 800 393 8639 



Minnesota Eye Consultants, PA

11091 Ulysses St NE #300

Blaine, MN 55434 USA

+1 763-421-9410
 Hours:
         Mon - Fri; 8am - 5pm
    

Minnesota Eye Consultants, PA

9801 Dupont Ave S #200

Bloomington, MN 55431 USA

+1 952-888-5800
 Hours:
     Mon - Fri: 8am - 5pm
    

Minnesota Eye Consultants

10709 Wayzata Blvd

Minnetonka, MN 55305 USA

+1 763-553-1142
 Hours:
     Mon - Fri: 8am - 5pm
    

Minnesota Eye Consultants, PA

1965 11th Ave #102

Maplewood, MN 55109 USA

+1 651-748-4444
 Hours:
     Mon - Fri: 8am - 5pm
    

Minnesota Eye Consultants, PA

710 E 24th St #100

Minneapolis, MN 55404 USA

+1 612-813-3600
 Hours:
     Mon - Fri: 8am - 5pm
    

Minnesota Eye Consultants, PA

1347 Larpenteur Ave W

Falcon Heights, MN 55113 USA

+1 651-558-2020
 Hours:
     Mon - Fri: 8am - 5pm
    

All Rights Reserved. Medical website design by Glacial Multimedia ©
        


Website Terms and Conditions 
ACA Section 1557
 

        The material contained on this site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment.
         Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health care provider.






	Richard L. Lindstrom: clinician, teacher, researcher, mentor

























                    Ophthalmology




All Healio
Adolescent Medicine
Aesthetics
Allergy/Immunology
Athletic Training
Cardiac/Vascular Intervention
Cardiology
Dermatology
Endocrinology
Family Medicine
Gastroenterology
Geriatric Medicine
Hematology/Oncology
Hepatology
Infectious Disease
Internal Medicine


Nursing
Occupational Therapy 
Ophthalmology
Optometry
Orthopedics
Orthotics/Prosthetics
Pediatrics
Physical Therapy 
Psychiatry
Public Health
Pulmonology
Rheumatology
Speech-Language Pathology 
Spine Surgery
Sports Medicine








                    All Topics




All Ophthalmology
Cataract Surgery
Contact Lenses
Cornea/External Disease
Glaucoma
Imaging/Diagnostics
Neurosciences
Ocular Oncology
Oculoplastics
Ophthalmic Business


Optics
Pediatrics/Strabismus
Physicians' Life
Practice Management
Refractive Surgery
Regulatory/Legislative
Retina/Vitreous
Technology
Trauma
























 









































































News 



All NewsVideoOpinionIn the JournalsMeeting NewsResource CentersCurrent Issues















Loading...
















Healio


Ophthalmology












COMMENT











































SAVE















Richard L. Lindstrom: clinician, teacher, researcher, mentor

        During his nearly 30 years of practicing, teaching, innovating and shaping the future of ophthalmology, Richard Lindstrom has placed a high value on personal relationships.
      


Ocular Surgery News U.S. Edition, June 15, 2002Michael Piechocki



 Richard L. Lindstrom, MD, describes himself as a science-based practitioner. “I’m very science- or evidence-based in my approach to medicine. While there is art to medicine, I try to have a scientific approach, and, if we don’t have any science, I try to help create that science,” he said.   Over the past several decades, Dr. Lindstrom has had a large role in doing just that, creating science in ophthalmology.   But for him, he said, the most rewarding aspect has been practicing medicine and patient care and teaching other ophthalmologists. Mentors that he met early in his career taught him the value of the physician-patient relationship, and he has not forgotten their lessons.   “I find it extraordinarily rewarding to do a cataract operation or LASIK and have the patient come back with a big smile on his or her face. I like the feedback, the positive reinforcement we get from restoring or enhancing people’s sight with eye surgery,” he said.   Meeting the mentors  Dr. Lindstrom grew up Wayzata, Minn., a western suburb of Minneapolis. He graduated from Wayzata High School and went on to graduate magna cum laude from the University of Minnesota. He received his doctorate from the University of Minnesota Medical School in 1972.   Dr. Lindstrom first became interested in ophthalmology toward the end of his medical training. While doing his rotations, he narrowed his choices to plastic surgery; ear, nose and throat; and ophthalmology.   “I was always interested in what I call microsurgery,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “I like the idea of sitting down and operating under a microscope and doing things that are precise. ENT, plastics and ophthalmology offered that opportunity.”   Two surgeons he met at this time particularly influenced his decision.   “As is often the case, I met a mentor in ophthalmology, a gentleman whose name is Donald J. Doughman, MD. He had just come to the University of Minnesota from Harvard where he had completed a fellowship in cornea,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “He influenced my interest in ophthalmology significantly.”   At about that time, Dr. Lindstrom also met Malcolm A. McCannel, MD, a prominent private practice ophthalmologist in Minnesota.   “He let me spend a month following him around. I watched him in the clinic and in the operating room. After working in the laboratory with Don Doughman and getting excited about eye research at the university, and then seeing what Mac McCannel’s practice was like, I quickly chose ophthalmology,” Dr. Lindstrom said.   “I really was influenced by their personalities and the fact that they were happy with their choices. That influenced me to follow in their footsteps,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “If I had met a similar set of mentors in ENT or plastic surgery, I probably would have gone in that direction. It really was the people that I happened to meet at that moment in my life that allowed me to make the decision.”   Dr. Lindstrom said Dr. McCannel in particular was very good with people.   “He taught me a lot of interactive people skills in terms of how to talk to people. I learned a lot by just observing his style. I still use some of the things he taught me about physician-patient interaction,” Dr. Lindstrom said.   “Don Doughman was a very ethical, careful clinician, a consummate combined teacher-researcher-clinician. He influenced me to be not just a clinician, but to pursue a role in teaching and to have an inquisitive mind and do clinical and basic research,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “In my career I have tried to do all three.”   Early research   While he was a senior medical student in 1972, Dr. Lindstrom began his pioneering research into corneal preservation, partially funded by the National Eye Institute.   This research paved the way for the development of Optisol GS (Bausch & Lomb), which has since become the corneal storage medium most commonly used by eye banks in the United States and abroad.   “The research I began as a medical student with Don Doughman really led to the eventual development of that product with my career-long scientist associate, Debra Shelnik, MS,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “Optisol didn’t come on the scene until almost 15 years later, but it was that seed that really built that product.”   Dr. Lindstrom also did research in organ culture preservation, finding that the cornea is also well preserved at a higher temperature, a method that was commonly used in Europe.   This early research sparked Dr. Lindstrom’s lifelong interest in the cornea. Over his career he has attained 28 patents in ophthalmology, but he said he is most proud of the six in the field of corneal preservation.   From a financial standpoint, however, the invention Dr. Lindstrom said has been the most financially rewarding is in the area of IOL design.   In 1977, after completing a cornea fellowship in Minnesota, Dr. Lindstrom began a fellowship in Dallas, working with William S. Harris, MD, a pioneer in the development of phacoemulsification and posterior chamber lens implants.   “I was introduced to Bill Harris at a time when most people were doing intracapsular cataract extraction and, if they were implanting, were using iris-supported or anterior chamber lenses. Through him I was introduced to phaco and posterior chamber lenses,” Dr. Lindstrom said.   “This was around the time Steve Shearing, Dick Kratz, John Sheets, John Pearce, Bob Sinskey, Charles Kelman and others were doing their pioneering work. I got to know all those people. So I became involved at a very early stage of my career,” he said.   Dr. Lindstrom designed his first IOL in 1979. Since then he has designed IOLs for several companies, including Iolab, Surgidev, 3M Vision Care, Storz and Chiron. Several of the lenses, Dr. Lindstrom said, were commercially successful, and some of the patents he holds cover these lens designs.  Phillips Eye Institute   Following a 6-month Heed fellowship in glaucoma at the University of Utah and a stint as a private practitioner in Dallas, Dr. Lindstrom returned to Minnesota where he would spend the next 10 years on the faculty of the University of Minnesota.   In his last 3 years there, he was made a full professor of ophthalmology and held the Harold G. Scheie Research Chair in Ophthalmology. He was the youngest surgeon at that time to hold an endowed chair at the University of Minnesota.   After leaving the university, Dr. Lindstrom took a lead role in the development of the Center for Teaching and Research at the Phillips Eye Institute. The Phillips Eye Institute was – and still is – a freestanding ambulatory surgery center and freestanding diagnostic unit open to any ophthalmologist in the community. It is a nonprofit private venture, which unlike many similar centers is not university-based.   “I haven’t seen anything else exactly like it in the country,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “Basically, it is a place to go and do your surgery in a high quality environment and also provides access to all the expensive, sophisticated diagnostic testing equipment that most private practitioners cannot afford.”   When Dr. Lindstrom left the university, he approached the group developing the Phillips Eye Institute and suggested the addition of a teaching and research agenda.   “I thought that would enhance the prestige of the institution and make it even more attractive to patients,” he said. “I suggested our primary training agenda and research agenda should be a practical agenda for practicing ophthalmologists. We would focus on surgical skills transfer for the already practicing eye surgeon. We would train them on how to incorporate new surgical technologies into their armamentarium.”   This was at the time when phacoemulsification use was on the increase. Its popularity was growing, but many ophthalmologists had not yet been fully trained for it during their residencies. The Phillips center offered courses on phacoemulsification and IOL implantation. Subsequently, Dr. Lindstrom said, they began training surgeons in refractive surgery, including photorefractive keratectomy and LASIK. The Phillips Center for Teaching and Research has also supported numerous clinical trials on new technologies, Dr. Lindstrom said.   Out of the office   In his private life, Dr. Lindstrom’s interests extend far beyond ophthalmology, to activities as diverse as philanthropy, restoring and collecting classic cars and wooden boats, investing in real estate, serving as chairman and chief executive officer of a 50-year-old construction company and traveling.   Dr. Lindstrom owns several classic cars, including a Ferrari, a fully restored Austin Healy and an old Jeep. Occasionally he can be found displaying them at local car shows.   Dr. Lindstrom also recently finished restoring an all-mahogany Italian Riva runabout boat that once belonged to Rita Hayworth. He also owns a 1935 Garwood speedster and a Venetian taxi boat, also built in Italy.   “There’s a nationwide society, the Antique and Classic Boat Society. We have rallies and a couple of shows a year here, but I haven’t taken them on the road yet,” he said.   “There are a couple of national boat shows for the antique and classic boats of America, and I might take this boat on the road and show it a few places. I’ve shown my Austin Healy, and its won one concourse. It’s been restored to mint condition,” he said.   Dr. Lindstrom has also made philanthropy a hobby, raising money for the Vision Foundation at the University of Minnesota department of ophthalmology, where he has endowed a chair, and the University of Minnesota Williams Fund, which supports student athletes.   His philanthropy touches organized ophthalmology as well. He was a Founder Donor to the American Academy of Ophthalmology Foundation. And at the recent American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery meeting, incoming president Marguerite B. McDonald, MD, announced that he and his wife, Jaci, are among the highest level early contributors to the new ASCRS Foundation.   Dr. Lindstrom also raises money for small charities in his local area.   “There’s one called Inner City Tennis, which works with inner city kids to give them the opportunity to experience tennis, but really it’s a character-building and mentoring program disguised as tennis,” he said. “I spend some of my time and money now supporting that program.”  Mentor role   These days, Dr. Lindstrom said, “I actually get more and more pleasure out of mentoring other people, like my junior associates and my fellows, than I do from doing ophthalmology myself. I am still active in patient care, teaching and research, but I kind of enjoy the mentoring part of it more every year.”   Over the 25 years Dr. Lindstrom has spent in practice, he has trained 50 ophthalmologists as fellows in his practice, some of whom have gone on to become rather notable names. Stephen Lane, MD, is now the president elect of the American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery. Other former fellows include S. Gregory Smith, MD, Frank Bucci, MD, and Richard Duffy, MD. Three of Dr. Lindstrom’s current partners at Minnesota Eye Consultants, David Harden, MD, Elizabeth A. Davis, MD, and Tim Schneider, MD, were also former fellows.   “I get a lot of satisfaction from teaching. The things I’m appreciating more now are how important those 50 fellows I’ve trained are and the contributions they are making. They make me feel a little bit immortal, if you will, like my work will live on with all the good work that they are doing. I take a lot of pride in that,” Dr. Lindstrom said.   “One-on-one teaching of other surgeons, and then letting them go off and apply those skills to their patients, kind of multiplies the good,” he said.  Construction experience lends perspective   Dr. Lindstrom is also the majority owner, the chairman and CEO of Lindstrom Cleaning and Construction, an insurance reconstruction business started by his father following World War II.   “When you have wind damage, fire damage or water damage to your home or building, you call the insurance company and tell them what’s wrong. Then the insurance company calls Lindstrom Cleaning and Construction, and we fix it,” he said.   “I grew up in the business. I started working as a laborer in it when I was 12. Then as a carpenter, etc.”   “My father sort of groomed me to go into the business, but instead I went to medical school and thought that was the end of that. Since this was a family-owned business, my father needed to sell it to someone to retire,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “I was the only person in the family who could afford to buy it.”   Dr. Lindstrom bought the business 10 years ago and still serves as chairman and chief executive officer, spending at least 1 day a month meeting with the management team and leading the company.   “It’s been fun for me. It’s quite different from medicine. I’m working with a different group of people than I am in my practice,” he said.   Ten years ago, Dr. Lindstrom also started another business with a friend of his.   “We went out and bought an apartment building that needed some work and fixed it up. Each year we acquired another. So I’m in the rental property ownership business as well. That’s been a nice diversification too,” he said.   He also has enjoyed providing seed capital and consultation for several startup companies inside and outside the eye care field. He serves on several corporate boards, including TLC Vision, a public company traded on NASDAQ.   Dr. Lindstrom said the experiences he had growing up and working in the construction business have influenced his approach to medicine.   “I think it did, in that I learned what it is to work hard,” he said. “Going out in the field on construction jobs, where there had been a fire or a flood or wind damage, a lot of times it was very hard work. I also got to see how a small business was run. I think that got me more interested in the business side of medicine. A lot of people have not had that opportunity and I think I have more of a business mind than I might otherwise have had without that experience. I think that’s helped me as far as managing a practice. It’s helped me be a little bit better as a consultant to companies in the ophthalmic industry.”   His experience in the construction business also gave him an appreciation for the quality of life ophthalmology has given him.   “When I look at the nice environment in my private office and at the Phillips Eye Institute and I compare that to the work I did from age 13 to 22 in the summers, working on a construction crew, I don’t feel so bad even when I’m having a bad day,” he said. “A bad day in ophthalmology is pretty good compared to some days I would spend on a construction crew trying to clean up a fire. You work all day. You go home dirty and tired. You make a decent living. But comparing it to the quality of life of the typical ophthalmologist, it gives you an appreciation if you’ve been on both sides.”   Travel   Dr. Lindstrom and his wife travel frequently and have seen much of the world.   “The most interesting is Africa. I’ve been to South Africa, Zimbabwe. Seeing all the big animals, I found Africa to be fascinating to travel and a fascinating culture,” he said.   “The country that I enjoy visiting the most is Australia, except that it’s too far away. I think the Australians are fortunate to have such a beautiful country,” he said.   Dr. Lindstrom currently has a small house on the Wailea coast of Maui in Hawaii where he and Jaci escape the Minnesota winters.   Jaci Lindstrom has also been involved in ophthalmology at Dr. Lindstrom’s side. She is a certified ophthalmic medical technologist and has served as executive director of the International Society of Refractive Surgery. She is currently executive director of the Intraocular Implant Club, the small honorary club of cataract surgeons started by Harold Ridley and others in 1966.   Dr. Lindstrom’s family is important to him. Together, Dr. Lindstrom and Jaci have raised their daughter, Michelle, who is currently training to become a nurse at Regis College in Colorado, and son, Michael, who will be a junior in high school.   Future plans   Dr. Lindstrom will be 55 years old this year, and he is starting to take a little more time off. However, he still plans to continue practicing, teaching, researching, consulting and mentoring. “But I’ll do it at a slower pace,” he said.   He is slowly cutting back on the number of patients he sees and making more time for golf, tennis, skiing, boating and automobiling.   “There are two ways to stop practicing ophthalmology,” he said. “There is the ophthalmologist who works to a certain age full time and then retires completely. Then there’s the ophthalmologist who slowly tapers off but maybe never quits.”   “When I was in Dallas, we had a senior partner who was 83 or 84 years old who was still coming to the office every day, seeing about 10 patients, reading journals and staying in touch. I hope that’ll be me,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “It’s my current intent not to quit ever, but to continually taper back. As long as my skills hold up, I’ll continue to be a surgeon. Then I think I’ll continue to do a little medical ophthalmology, a little research and some teaching and consulting on the side, until no one is interested in what I have to say anymore.   “Ophthalmology has been very good to me and is a big part of my life. I would like to stay involved with it as long as I’m able, as long as I’m making a contribution.”    For Your Information:    Richard L. Lindstrom, MD, can be reached at Minnesota Eye Consultants, 710 E. 24th St., Suite 106, Minneapolis, MN 55404; (612) 813-3600; fax: (612) 813-3660; e-mail: rllindstrom@mneye.com. 

 Richard L. Lindstrom, MD, describes himself as a science-based practitioner. “I’m very science- or evidence-based in my approach to medicine. While there is art to medicine, I try to have a scientific approach, and, if we don’t have any science, I try to help create that science,” he said.   Over the past several decades, Dr. Lindstrom has had a large role in doing just that, creating science in ophthalmology.   But for him, he said, the most rewarding aspect has been practicing medicine and patient care and teaching other ophthalmologists. Mentors that he met early in his career taught him the value of the physician-patient relationship, and he has not forgotten their lessons.   “I find it extraordinarily rewarding to do a cataract operation or LASIK and have the patient come back with a big smile on his or her face. I like the feedback, the positive reinforcement we get from restoring or enhancing people’s sight with eye surgery,” he said.   Meeting the mentors  Dr. Lindstrom grew up Wayzata, Minn., a western suburb of Minneapolis. He graduated from Wayzata High School and went on to graduate magna cum laude from the University of Minnesota. He received his doctorate from the University of Minnesota Medical School in 1972.   Dr. Lindstrom first became interested in ophthalmology toward the end of his medical training. While doing his rotations, he narrowed his choices to plastic surgery; ear, nose and throat; and ophthalmology.   “I was always interested in what I call microsurgery,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “I like the idea of sitting down and operating under a microscope and doing things that are precise. ENT, plastics and ophthalmology offered that opportunity.”   Two surgeons he met at this time particularly influenced his decision.   “As is often the case, I met a mentor in ophthalmology, a gentleman whose name is Donald J. Doughman, MD. He had just come to the University of Minnesota from Harvard where he had completed a fellowship in cornea,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “He influenced my interest in ophthalmology significantly.”   At about that time, Dr. Lindstrom also met Malcolm A. McCannel, MD, a prominent private practice ophthalmologist in Minnesota.   “He let me spend a month following him around. I watched him in the clinic and in the operating room. After working in the laboratory with Don Doughman and getting excited about eye research at the university, and then seeing what Mac McCannel’s practice was like, I quickly chose ophthalmology,” Dr. Lindstrom said.   “I really was influenced by their personalities and the fact that they were happy with their choices. That influenced me to follow in their footsteps,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “If I had met a similar set of mentors in ENT or plastic surgery, I probably would have gone in that direction. It really was the people that I happened to meet at that moment in my life that allowed me to make the decision.”   Dr. Lindstrom said Dr. McCannel in particular was very good with people.   “He taught me a lot of interactive people skills in terms of how to talk to people. I learned a lot by just observing his style. I still use some of the things he taught me about physician-patient interaction,” Dr. Lindstrom said.   “Don Doughman was a very ethical, careful clinician, a consummate combined teacher-researcher-clinician. He influenced me to be not just a clinician, but to pursue a role in teaching and to have an inquisitive mind and do clinical and basic research,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “In my career I have tried to do all three.”   Early research   While he was a senior medical student in 1972, Dr. Lindstrom began his pioneering research into corneal preservation, partially funded by the National Eye Institute.   This research paved the way for the development of Optisol GS (Bausch & Lomb), which has since become the corneal storage medium most commonly used by eye banks in the United States and abroad.   “The research I began as a medical student with Don Doughman really led to the eventual development of that product with my career-long scientist associate, Debra Shelnik, MS,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “Optisol didn’t come on the scene until almost 15 years later, but it was that seed that really built that product.”   Dr. Lindstrom also did research in organ culture preservation, finding that the cornea is also well preserved at a higher temperature, a method that was commonly used in Europe.   This early research sparked Dr. Lindstrom’s lifelong interest in the cornea. Over his career he has attained 28 patents in ophthalmology, but he said he is most proud of the six in the field of corneal preservation.   From a financial standpoint, however, the invention Dr. Lindstrom said has been the most financially rewarding is in the area of IOL design.   In 1977, after completing a cornea fellowship in Minnesota, Dr. Lindstrom began a fellowship in Dallas, working with William S. Harris, MD, a pioneer in the development of phacoemulsification and posterior chamber lens implants.   “I was introduced to Bill Harris at a time when most people were doing intracapsular cataract extraction and, if they were implanting, were using iris-supported or anterior chamber lenses. Through him I was introduced to phaco and posterior chamber lenses,” Dr. Lindstrom said.   “This was around the time Steve Shearing, Dick Kratz, John Sheets, John Pearce, Bob Sinskey, Charles Kelman and others were doing their pioneering work. I got to know all those people. So I became involved at a very early stage of my career,” he said.   Dr. Lindstrom designed his first IOL in 1979. Since then he has designed IOLs for several companies, including Iolab, Surgidev, 3M Vision Care, Storz and Chiron. Several of the lenses, Dr. Lindstrom said, were commercially successful, and some of the patents he holds cover these lens designs.  Phillips Eye Institute   Following a 6-month Heed fellowship in glaucoma at the University of Utah and a stint as a private practitioner in Dallas, Dr. Lindstrom returned to Minnesota where he would spend the next 10 years on the faculty of the University of Minnesota.   In his last 3 years there, he was made a full professor of ophthalmology and held the Harold G. Scheie Research Chair in Ophthalmology. He was the youngest surgeon at that time to hold an endowed chair at the University of Minnesota.   After leaving the university, Dr. Lindstrom took a lead role in the development of the Center for Teaching and Research at the Phillips Eye Institute. The Phillips Eye Institute was – and still is – a freestanding ambulatory surgery center and freestanding diagnostic unit open to any ophthalmologist in the community. It is a nonprofit private venture, which unlike many similar centers is not university-based.   “I haven’t seen anything else exactly like it in the country,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “Basically, it is a place to go and do your surgery in a high quality environment and also provides access to all the expensive, sophisticated diagnostic testing equipment that most private practitioners cannot afford.”   When Dr. Lindstrom left the university, he approached the group developing the Phillips Eye Institute and suggested the addition of a teaching and research agenda.   “I thought that would enhance the prestige of the institution and make it even more attractive to patients,” he said. “I suggested our primary training agenda and research agenda should be a practical agenda for practicing ophthalmologists. We would focus on surgical skills transfer for the already practicing eye surgeon. We would train them on how to incorporate new surgical technologies into their armamentarium.”   This was at the time when phacoemulsification use was on the increase. Its popularity was growing, but many ophthalmologists had not yet been fully trained for it during their residencies. The Phillips center offered courses on phacoemulsification and IOL implantation. Subsequently, Dr. Lindstrom said, they began training surgeons in refractive surgery, including photorefractive keratectomy and LASIK. The Phillips Center for Teaching and Research has also supported numerous clinical trials on new technologies, Dr. Lindstrom said.   Out of the office   In his private life, Dr. Lindstrom’s interests extend far beyond ophthalmology, to activities as diverse as philanthropy, restoring and collecting classic cars and wooden boats, investing in real estate, serving as chairman and chief executive officer of a 50-year-old construction company and traveling.   Dr. Lindstrom owns several classic cars, including a Ferrari, a fully restored Austin Healy and an old Jeep. Occasionally he can be found displaying them at local car shows.   Dr. Lindstrom also recently finished restoring an all-mahogany Italian Riva runabout boat that once belonged to Rita Hayworth. He also owns a 1935 Garwood speedster and a Venetian taxi boat, also built in Italy.   “There’s a nationwide society, the Antique and Classic Boat Society. We have rallies and a couple of shows a year here, but I haven’t taken them on the road yet,” he said.   “There are a couple of national boat shows for the antique and classic boats of America, and I might take this boat on the road and show it a few places. I’ve shown my Austin Healy, and its won one concourse. It’s been restored to mint condition,” he said.   Dr. Lindstrom has also made philanthropy a hobby, raising money for the Vision Foundation at the University of Minnesota department of ophthalmology, where he has endowed a chair, and the University of Minnesota Williams Fund, which supports student athletes.   His philanthropy touches organized ophthalmology as well. He was a Founder Donor to the American Academy of Ophthalmology Foundation. And at the recent American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery meeting, incoming president Marguerite B. McDonald, MD, announced that he and his wife, Jaci, are among the highest level early contributors to the new ASCRS Foundation.   Dr. Lindstrom also raises money for small charities in his local area.   “There’s one called Inner City Tennis, which works with inner city kids to give them the opportunity to experience tennis, but really it’s a character-building and mentoring program disguised as tennis,” he said. “I spend some of my time and money now supporting that program.”  Mentor role   These days, Dr. Lindstrom said, “I actually get more and more pleasure out of mentoring other people, like my junior associates and my fellows, than I do from doing ophthalmology myself. I am still active in patient care, teaching and research, but I kind of enjoy the mentoring part of it more every year.”   Over the 25 years Dr. Lindstrom has spent in practice, he has trained 50 ophthalmologists as fellows in his practice, some of whom have gone on to become rather notable names. Stephen Lane, MD, is now the president elect of the American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery. Other former fellows include S. Gregory Smith, MD, Frank Bucci, MD, and Richard Duffy, MD. Three of Dr. Lindstrom’s current partners at Minnesota Eye Consultants, David Harden, MD, Elizabeth A. Davis, MD, and Tim Schneider, MD, were also former fellows.   “I get a lot of satisfaction from teaching. The things I’m appreciating more now are how important those 50 fellows I’ve trained are and the contributions they are making. They make me feel a little bit immortal, if you will, like my work will live on with all the good work that they are doing. I take a lot of pride in that,” Dr. Lindstrom said.   “One-on-one teaching of other surgeons, and then letting them go off and apply those skills to their patients, kind of multiplies the good,” he said.  Construction experience lends perspective   Dr. Lindstrom is also the majority owner, the chairman and CEO of Lindstrom Cleaning and Construction, an insurance reconstruction business started by his father following World War II.   “When you have wind damage, fire damage or water damage to your home or building, you call the insurance company and tell them what’s wrong. Then the insurance company calls Lindstrom Cleaning and Construction, and we fix it,” he said.   “I grew up in the business. I started working as a laborer in it when I was 12. Then as a carpenter, etc.”   “My father sort of groomed me to go into the business, but instead I went to medical school and thought that was the end of that. Since this was a family-owned business, my father needed to sell it to someone to retire,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “I was the only person in the family who could afford to buy it.”   Dr. Lindstrom bought the business 10 years ago and still serves as chairman and chief executive officer, spending at least 1 day a month meeting with the management team and leading the company.   “It’s been fun for me. It’s quite different from medicine. I’m working with a different group of people than I am in my practice,” he said.   Ten years ago, Dr. Lindstrom also started another business with a friend of his.   “We went out and bought an apartment building that needed some work and fixed it up. Each year we acquired another. So I’m in the rental property ownership business as well. That’s been a nice diversification too,” he said.   He also has enjoyed providing seed capital and consultation for several startup companies inside and outside the eye care field. He serves on several corporate boards, including TLC Vision, a public company traded on NASDAQ.   Dr. Lindstrom said the experiences he had growing up and working in the construction business have influenced his approach to medicine.   “I think it did, in that I learned what it is to work hard,” he said. “Going out in the field on construction jobs, where there had been a fire or a flood or wind damage, a lot of times it was very hard work. I also got to see how a small business was run. I think that got me more interested in the business side of medicine. A lot of people have not had that opportunity and I think I have more of a business mind than I might otherwise have had without that experience. I think that’s helped me as far as managing a practice. It’s helped me be a little bit better as a consultant to companies in the ophthalmic industry.”   His experience in the construction business also gave him an appreciation for the quality of life ophthalmology has given him.   “When I look at the nice environment in my private office and at the Phillips Eye Institute and I compare that to the work I did from age 13 to 22 in the summers, working on a construction crew, I don’t feel so bad even when I’m having a bad day,” he said. “A bad day in ophthalmology is pretty good compared to some days I would spend on a construction crew trying to clean up a fire. You work all day. You go home dirty and tired. You make a decent living. But comparing it to the quality of life of the typical ophthalmologist, it gives you an appreciation if you’ve been on both sides.”   Travel   Dr. Lindstrom and his wife travel frequently and have seen much of the world.   “The most interesting is Africa. I’ve been to South Africa, Zimbabwe. Seeing all the big animals, I found Africa to be fascinating to travel and a fascinating culture,” he said.   “The country that I enjoy visiting the most is Australia, except that it’s too far away. I think the Australians are fortunate to have such a beautiful country,” he said.   Dr. Lindstrom currently has a small house on the Wailea coast of Maui in Hawaii where he and Jaci escape the Minnesota winters.   Jaci Lindstrom has also been involved in ophthalmology at Dr. Lindstrom’s side. She is a certified ophthalmic medical technologist and has served as executive director of the International Society of Refractive Surgery. She is currently executive director of the Intraocular Implant Club, the small honorary club of cataract surgeons started by Harold Ridley and others in 1966.   Dr. Lindstrom’s family is important to him. Together, Dr. Lindstrom and Jaci have raised their daughter, Michelle, who is currently training to become a nurse at Regis College in Colorado, and son, Michael, who will be a junior in high school.   Future plans   Dr. Lindstrom will be 55 years old this year, and he is starting to take a little more time off. However, he still plans to continue practicing, teaching, researching, consulting and mentoring. “But I’ll do it at a slower pace,” he said.   He is slowly cutting back on the number of patients he sees and making more time for golf, tennis, skiing, boating and automobiling.   “There are two ways to stop practicing ophthalmology,” he said. “There is the ophthalmologist who works to a certain age full time and then retires completely. Then there’s the ophthalmologist who slowly tapers off but maybe never quits.”   “When I was in Dallas, we had a senior partner who was 83 or 84 years old who was still coming to the office every day, seeing about 10 patients, reading journals and staying in touch. I hope that’ll be me,” Dr. Lindstrom said. “It’s my current intent not to quit ever, but to continually taper back. As long as my skills hold up, I’ll continue to be a surgeon. Then I think I’ll continue to do a little medical ophthalmology, a little research and some teaching and consulting on the side, until no one is interested in what I have to say anymore.   “Ophthalmology has been very good to me and is a big part of my life. I would like to stay involved with it as long as I’m able, as long as I’m making a contribution.”    For Your Information:    Richard L. Lindstrom, MD, can be reached at Minnesota Eye Consultants, 710 E. 24th St., Suite 106, Minneapolis, MN 55404; (612) 813-3600; fax: (612) 813-3660; e-mail: rllindstrom@mneye.com. 



























COMMENT











































SAVE



















Read Next
PUBLICATION EXCLUSIVE: Descemet's membrane endothelial keratoplasty slowly on the rise
BLOG: Three reasons cornea is the new glaucoma
Alimera allowed to reduce size of Iluvien study in UK








Resource Centers



OSN Italy Meeting
Association for Research and Vision in Ophthalmology
American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery Meeting
American Association for Pediatric Ophthalmology and Strabismus








Most Popular

Both junior and senior practice partners could benefit from private equity transaction
Time is ripe to rethink posterior optic capture techniques
Should your next provider be a medical doctor or an optometrist?






















Advertisement









Advertisement






























Follow Healio
























 Tell us what you think about Healio.com »


  Help









Account Information

 My Saved
Website Registration
Login
Update Publication Mailing Address
Subscribe Or Buy
enewsletter Alerts
Help


©2017 Healio All Rights Reserved.





Healio.com

About Healio
The Healio Network
Publications
Contact the News Desk
Contact Us
About the Wyanoke Group
Healio Jobs
Advertising Information
Reprints
Institution News
Sitemap





Legal

Medical Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Editorial Policy and Philosophy
Terms and Conditions
Permissions












Follow Healio
























 Tell us what you think about Healio.com »








Account Information
							
                






 My Saved
Website Registration
Login
Update Publication Mailing Address
Subscribe Or Buy
enewsletter Alerts
Help







Healio.com
							
                






About Healio
The Healio Network
Publications
Contact the News Desk
Contact Us
About the Wyanoke Group
Healio Jobs
Advertising Information
Reprints
Institution News
Sitemap







Legal
							
                






Medical Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Editorial Policy and Philosophy
Terms and Conditions
Permissions






©2017 Healio All Rights Reserved.














×Close

                Notice




Close










































Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D. 9801 Dupont Ave S, Suite 200 Bloomington, MN Ophthalmology - MapQuest







































































































    Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D.
  

9801 Dupont Ave S, Suite 200

Bloomington
MN
55431




 Reviews



(952) 888-5800
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help






























RICHARD L LINDSTROM MD - SAINT PAUL, MN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MN



SAINT PAUL



offices and Clinics of Medical Doctors



Offices And Clinics Of Medical Doctors



                            RICHARD L LINDSTROM MD
                                    



 





















R 


RICHARD L LINDSTROM MD
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1965 11TH AVE E STE 102 SAINT PAUL, MN 55109
Get Directions



(651) 748-4444





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $180,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Offices And Clinics Of Medical Doctors
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2001 the company has been providing Offices And Clinics Of Medical Doctors. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














Time: Sun-Jul 08:34:41 Hata no:1064
Hata: You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MariaDB server version for the right syntax to use near 'WHERE old_pagename = 'richard-l-lindstrom-md.htm'' at line 1SQL: Mysql said: You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MariaDB server version for the right syntax to use near 'WHERE old_pagename = 'richard-l-lindstrom-md.htm'' at line 1 Query was: SELECT * FROM  WHERE old_pagename = 'richard-l-lindstrom-md.htm'
Time: Sun-Jul 08:34:41 Hata no:1064
Hata: You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MariaDB server version for the right syntax to use near 'WHERE old_pagename = 'richard-l-lindstrom-md.htm'' at line 1SQL: Mysql said: You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MariaDB server version for the right syntax to use near 'WHERE old_pagename = 'richard-l-lindstrom-md.htm'' at line 1 Query was: SELECT * FROM  WHERE old_pagename = 'richard-l-lindstrom-md.htm'


Lindstrom, Richard L MD 3601 W 76th St Minneapolis, MN Ophthalmology - MapQuest







































































































    Lindstrom, Richard L MD
  

3601 W 76th St

Minneapolis
MN
55435




 Reviews



(952) 837-2990

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics









Opening Hours

Mon: 8am-5pm
Tue: 8am-5pm
Wed: 8am-5pm
Thu: 8am-5pm
Fri: 8am-5pm


































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





















Lindstrom Richard L Md in Minneapolis, Minnesota with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeMinneapolis, MNLindstrom Richard L MdMinneapolis, MN Lindstrom Richard L MdAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection1. Lindstrom, Richard L, MD3601 W 76th StMinneapolis, MN 55435(952) 837-2990Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection2. Lindstrom Richard L710 E 24th StMinneapolis, MN 55404(612) 813-3600Physicians & Surgeons, Family Medicine...WebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection3. Holt, Richard L, MD2545 Chicago AveMinneapolis, MN 55404(612) 863-5327Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection4. Fields, Richard L, CPA3601 Minnesota Dr Ste 715Minneapolis, MN 55435(952) 885-0822Chiropractors & Chiropractic ServicesWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection5. Manka, Richard L, MD63 Otis AveSaint Paul, MN 55104(651) 649-0227Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection6. Baron, Richard L, MD1804 7th St WSaint Paul, MN 55116(651) 227-7806Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection7. Baron, Richard L, MD3470 Washington DrSaint Paul, MN 55122(651) 256-6740Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection8. Byakika, Richard L, MD9875 Hospital DrMaple Grove, MN 55369(763) 581-1370Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection9. Baron, Richard L, MD1610 Maxwell DrHudson, WI 54016(715) 386-6800Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection10. Baron Richard L233 Grand AveSaint Paul, MN 55102(651) 227-7806Physicians & SurgeonsClinicsWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection11. Diehl, Rick L, DDS490 S Maple St Ste 102Waconia, MN 55387(952) 442-5448Physicians & Surgeons, Oral SurgeryWebsiteServicesBusinesses in related categories to Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED12. Gryskiewicz Twin Cities Cosmetic Surgery(1)BBB Rating: A+303 E Nicollet Blvd Ste 330Burnsville, MN 55337(952) 435-0177Physicians & Surgeons, Cosmetic SurgeryWebsiteYP AdDirectionsVideoServicesMore InfoMake an AppointmentI would highly recommend Dr. Joe for both his surgical services as well as his injectable services.  Dr. Joe has written a book that everyone who is…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection13. Hanson Clinic, PLC710 E 24th St Ste 403Minneapolis, MN 55404(612) 900-2198Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: The gynecological clinic of Mildred S. Hanson, M.D. offers an all-female staff that specializes in abortion care and women's health issues. We are conveniently lo…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection14. Forefront Dermatology3916 W 50th StMinneapolis, MN 55424(612) 225-5839Physicians & SurgeonsClinicsWebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Welcome to Forefront Dermatology. With over 80 offices in 11 states, Forefront Dermatology's caring and experienced dermatologists will personalize a treatment pl…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection15. Authentic Plastic Surgery, LLC(7)1620 W Lake StMinneapolis, MN 55408(612) 360-2207Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteCouponsSee Our ServicesDirectionsMore InfoVisit our websiteauthenticplasticsurgery.comCryotherapy Cosmetic Removal of up to 3 Moles, Skin Tags and Other Growths+12moreI had a wonderful experience at this beautiful facility! The ladies that I dealt with were very friendly, caring and drop dead gorgeous! I will defi…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection16. Center for Reproductive Medicine(1)2828 Chicago Ave Ste 400Minneapolis, MN 55407(612) 225-5729Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoIf I could rate this clinic a 0, I would.  We only went here for two months and had three awful experiences.  The first had to do with one of the ul…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED17. Interim Healthcare(2)2833 Fairview Ave NSaint Paul, MN 55113(651) 300-0715Home Health ServicesWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoSimply the right choice when it comes to Hospice care!  Very helpful, very professional and nice to work with someone that knew what they were doing…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED18. Laser Spine InstituteServing the Minneapolis Area.(866) 382-7494Physicians & SurgeonsSurgery CentersWebsiteLocal ListingsVideoMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED19. Crutchfield Dermatology PA(33)BBB Rating: A+1185 Town Centre Dr Ste 101Saint Paul, MN 55123(651) 209-3600Skin CareOsteopathic ClinicsWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoMake an AppointmentDr. Crutchfield deserves the "Top Doc" title. Always professional and makes you feel right at ease. Nursing staff was great as well - thoroughly exp…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection20. All About Children Pediatrics(1)BBB Rating: A+12200 Middle Set RdEden Prairie, MN 55344(952) 943-8200Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore Infosmall office, with exceptional care and attention to our chldrens' health.  always able to get in when needed.  very friendly and clean.  have been …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection21. Crosstown Chiropractic ClinicBBB Rating: A+2330 Crosstown Blvd NEAndover, MN 55304(763) 575-8545Chiropractors & Chiropractic ServicesWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: At Crosstown Chiropractic, we treat the cause of your pain, not the effects. Our approach to health care does not use drugs or surgery. Instead, we go to the sour…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection22. Brook West Chiropractic Clinic6800 78th Ave N Ste 107Minneapolis, MN 55445(763) 566-1042Chiropractors & Chiropractic ServicesWebsiteServicesFrom Business: Brook West Chiropractic Clinic has been providing health care services to its clients for more than 20 years. The clinic offers a variety of services, including c…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection23. Samantha Yerks Psychotherapy4725 Excelsior BlvdMinneapolis, MN 55416(612) 424-1574PsychotherapistsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection24. Sannes V, Mark R, MD3850 Park Nicollet BlvdMinneapolis, MN 55416(952) 993-3700Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection25. Northside Oral & Maxofacial SurgeonsBBB Rating: A+11441 Osage St NWMinneapolis, MN 55433(763) 862-6442Oral & Maxillofacial SurgeryDentistsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection26. Zygmunt, Mary, MD500 Osborne Rd NEMinneapolis, MN 55432(763) 786-6011Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection27. DR Auge Jennifer Stoehr MD9055 Springbrook Dr NWMinneapolis, MN 55433(763) 780-7020Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection28. Lang, Thomas, MD7920 Old Cedar Ave S Fl 3rdMinneapolis, MN 55425(952) 851-1000Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection29. Rosenbaum Seth MD10800 Lyndale Ave S Ste 232Minneapolis, MN 55420(952) 346-9523Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteServicesSponsored LinksRelated Articlesfor Lindstrom Richard L Mdmore related articles »Drug Abuse: Symptoms to Look for in a Loved One »One out of every seven Americans will face a substance addiction. Here are some resources to help you help a loved one, and notice…The January 2017 To-Do List »The holiday festivities are over, but January doesn't have to be a drag. It's actually the best time to finish projects and organize your life – all while having a little fun. Urgent Care: What to Know, When to Go »We needed an ear, nose and throat specialist, but the wait at our HMO was two weeks. What now? An emergency room seemed like overk…Map ViewTips & AdviceWhat are some tips for making an appointment with a new doctor?
Have your insurance card with you when you set an appointment, and to bring it with you to the actual appointment. They need the ID numbers to verify coverage.
Tell them you're a new patient, as this will require you to complete some paperwork for your first visit. Tell them the reason for your visit.
Inform them if you have Medicaid and find out if you need to bring anything to the visit, like current medications or medical records.
Come with a list of questions to ask the doctor.
What's the difference between an HMO and a PPO?HMOs can be more affordable, but you'll usually get less coverage and more restrictions on what doctors you can see and when. Other drawbacks to HMOs include needing to obtain a referral before seeing a specialist, and annual limits on the number of office visits, tests, and certain treatments. PPOs are more flexible and provide greater coverage, but come with a higher price tag. The amount your insurance plan will pay for out of network care is likely to be less than it would pay for in-network care. There are less HMOs these days and more PPOs.What is the difference between in-network and out-of-network insurance?You need to verify which doctors are covered by your insurance and whether they are in or out of your carrier's network. Rates may be cheaper if the doc is in network – a doctor can be covered by your insurance but not necessarily in network. Out of network is typically more expensive.

Doctors often add and drop plans, so it's important to ensure that your options are compatible with your insurance plan. Doing your homework will help you avoid unexpected expenses.What is needed for a doctor to be board certified?Your physician should be certified through the American Board of Medical Specialties. Doctors must earn a medical degree from a qualified school, complete three to seven years of residency training, be licensed by a state medical board and pass one or more ABMS exams to be certified.What does a surgeon do?Surgeons operate on patients to treat injuries, such as broken bones; diseases; and deformities.What does a OB/GYN do?For many women, their gynecologist and obstetrician are the same person. These professionals work with the female reproductive system to focus on reproductive health, fertility issues, prenatal care, options for new and expectant mothers, neonatal care and childbirth. OB/GYNs can also help in the early detection of breast or cervical cancer.What does an ENT do?If you have a number of sinus infections or have had your tonsils taken out, you've likely seen an ENT specialist. ENTs handle ailments related to the ear, nose and throat, often related to taking out tonsils and treating hearing issues.What does a dermatologist do?Dermatologists are focused on skin-related issues and diseases, from skin cancers, to acute acne, eczema, psoriasis, and general cosmetic concerns like aging and scars. Most will also perform annual or semi-annual mole checks to screen for any signs of melanoma, the most serious form of skin cancer.What does a dentist do?Other than a GP, the dentist is likely the most common physician you'll see. These professionals work with the human mouth, ensuring that your teeth and gum health are up to par. Patients typically go to the dentist twice a year.What does a cardiologist do?Heart attacks and heart disease are some of the most common afflictions seen across the country, making cardiologists important to your long-term health. These physicians specialize in studying and treating the heart and related diseases.See more Tips & AdviceSponsoredForefront Dermatology3916 W 50th St, Minneapolis, MN 55424(612) 225-5839WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoAuthentic Plastic Surgery, LLC(7)1620 W Lake St, Minneapolis, MN 55408(612) 360-2207WebsiteCouponsSee Our ServicesDirectionsMore InfoCenter for Reproductive Medicine2828 Chicago Ave Ste 400, Minneapolis, MN 55407(612) 225-5729WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoHanson Clinic, PLC710 E 24th St Ste 403, Minneapolis, MN 55404(612) 900-2198WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoAll About Children Pediatrics(1)12200 Middle Set Rd, Eden Prairie, MN 55344(952) 943-8200WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoLaser Spine InstituteServing the Minneapolis area.(866) 382-7494WebsiteLocal ListingsVideoMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glassHelpful Reviews Urology Associates LTDEl C. ratedUrology associates have been my doctors since I was 19 years old, decades ago. Dr. Engle and Dr. Lundblad have retired. Two very compassionate brilliant men but not only diagnosed me well but also everyone I referred there.  There was a time that one could get into see these doctors same day for urgent needs. Although this is no longer true, times have changed  for the medical industry as a whole and getting into any specialist is generally a wait. I've never had trouble with billing and I have been to  urology associates as recently as last month. Dr. Skemp, Dr Ugarte and Dr Fleming  have all been great. Yes, sometimes they are rushed as the need for urologist is great and they have numerous customers, however they normally take plenty of time and their expertise is excellent. These three doctors are very kind.Twin Cities Pain Clinicirisbr9 ratedThe staff is unprecedented. The staff is always very friendly and very helpful. Nancy Cleveland is the best CNP that I have ever dealt with. She cares, wants to get to the bottom of what is going on and is willing to try new things. Dr. Will is very caring and is very good at his job.Muldowney, J Bart, MDA. jake K. rateda while ago I had a much needed tummy tuck by Dr. WONDERFUL MULDOWNEY.  excellent work, fast recovery.  well worth the money .  Honored to have him fix me up!  I like my body again.Midwest Injury PhysciansRyan F. ratedMidwest Injury Physicians Pain Clinic really helped me to get out of pain quickly and effectively.  Thanks for all of your help!Urology Associates LTDDavid S. ratedThey have an odd billing practice where they ask for your out-of-pocket expenses before performing procedures.Did You Know?Physicians and surgeons help to keep people - from infants to the elderly - as healthy as possible. These individuals provide diagnoses and treatments for a wide variety of ailments, and preventative care and early detection for more serious illnesses. Whether you love or hate going to the doctor, the fact is your physician is there to listen to your health concerns, take preventative measures against diseases and advise you on your options for staying in tip-top shape.In 2013, there were more than 1 million doctors of medicine in the U.S., over 854,000 of which were active. Additionally, in 2012, there were about 18,000 active general surgeons in the country. It's important to know which type of physician or surgeon you need, how to choose the best one, and account for other considerations in order to stay healthy.Different Types of PhysiciansPatients can choose from a wide variety of physicians depending on doctor specialty and what problems they are experiencing. Here are a few of the most common types of physicians that you may see in your lifetime:General Practitioner
Your GP is the doctor that you go to for regular checkups, vaccines and to identify health issues. GPs can treat many different illnesses and injuries, from the common cold to a broken arm. If your health requires a second opinion or expert care, the GP will refer you to a specialist who has the skills to focus in on the issue.Cardiologist
Heart attacks and heart disease are some of the most common afflictions seen across the country, making cardiologists important to your long-term health. These physicians specialize in studying and treating the heart and related diseases.Dentist
Other than a GP, the dentist is likely the most common physician you'll ever see. These professionals work with the human mouth, ensuring that your teeth and gum health are up to par. Patients typically go to the dentist twice a year.Dermatologist
Dermatologists are focused on skin-related issues and diseases, from skin cancers, to acute acne, eczema, psoriasis, and general cosmetic concerns like aging and scars. Most will also perform annual or semi-annual mole checks to screen for any signs of melanoma, the most serious form of skin cancer.ENT
If you have a number of sinus infections or have had your tonsils taken out, you've likely seen an ENT specialist. ENTs handle ailments related to the ear, nose and throat, often related to taking out tonsils and treating hearing issues.OB/GYN
For many women, their gynecologist and obstetrician are the same person. These professionals work with the female reproductive system to focus on reproductive health, fertility issues, prenatal care, options for new and expectant mothers, neonatal care and childbirth. OB/GYNs can also help in the early detection of breast or cervical cancer.Choosing a PhysicianThere are obviously a number of physicians that you can choose from, but how do you know if they're the best choice for you? Here are a few considerations to help you pick a physician:Look at Your Insurance
Before you get down to the details, you need to verify which doctors are covered by your insurance and whether they are in or out of your carrier's network. Rates may be cheaper if the doc is in network – a doctor can be covered by your insurance but not necessarily in network. Out of network is typically more expensive. Doctors often add and drop plans, so it's important to ensure that your options are compatible with your insurance plan. Doing your homework will help you avoid unexpected expenses. Check for Board Certification
Your physician should be certified through the American Board of Medical Specialties. Doctors must earn a medical degree from a qualified school, complete three to seven years of residency training, be licensed by a state medical board and pass one or more ABMS exams to be certified.Examine the Reviews
Reviews of a doctor can reveal a lot about what your experience may be like. People may grade on staff friendliness, availability and effectiveness of treatment. Looking at these evaluations and getting recommendations from family and friends can direct you toward a physician for your needs.Choosing a SurgeonSurgeons can literally hold your life in their hands, and it's important to find the best one that can put you at ease and treat you effectivelyCompatibility Factor
You need to feel comfortable with your surgeon. It's important to communicate your concerns and that your surgeon can respond adequately. Surgeons should be willing to go over the details of your procedure and answer any questions that you may have. They must take the time to discuss and address your worries.Expertise Level
If you're going in for surgery, you want someone that knows what they're doing and has a high success rate. Ask how often the surgeon performs this surgery and try to find one that regularly does it. This will give you peace of mind that you're in capable hands.Understanding Your InsuranceYour decision on a physician or surgeon can be majorly affected by the insurance plan you have. You may have insurance through employment, your spouse, your parents if you're under 26, or the marketplace if the previous options don't apply to you. It's important to understand how your insurance works to have the full picture of what you'll need to pay for.Your insurance will have a deductible, which is the amount that you're responsible to pay for covered medical expenses. Some plans have coinsurances, where you must pay a certain percentage of the bill, and insurance will cover the rest. Co-pays state a flat rate for certain services, like paying $20 when you visit your GP or a $100 co-pay for an emergency room visit. Once you reach your out-of-pocket maximum, which will differ if you're an individual or within a family plan, your insurance may pay for 100 percent of covered medical expenses for the rest of the plan year.If you plan to go to the doctor, need medication or have been recommended for surgery, call your insurance provider or go online to see what your plan covers. You can choose the best doctor for your needs, understand your options and prevent yourself from being blindsided by medical expenses.Setting Your AppointmentMost doctors require a phone call for an appointment, although some may provide online scheduling as well. Be sure to have your insurance card with you when you set an appointment, and to bring it with you to the actual appointment. They need the ID numbers to verify your coverage, and will usually make a copy of the card for their files so you don't have to show it again unless your insurance changes.When you call, let them know if you're a new patient, as this will require you to complete some paperwork for your first visit. Tell them the reason for your visit, such as your symptoms if you're feeling sick. It's also important to inform them if you have Medicaid and to find out if you need to bring anything to the visit, like current medications or medical records.From here, the receptionist will likely ask what dates and times work best for you. During your call, it's important to be honest about your symptoms and the reason for your visit. This information will help the doctor treat you and give him or her an idea of what to expect. Your appointment may progress faster as a result, and the doctor can come prepared with a list of options to better care for you.RisksDoctors see a number of patients in a day, sometimes in 15-minute increments in areas where the physicians are in high demand. This can leave little time for doctors to perform thorough examinations, and they can end up missing certain problem indicators. While some problems, like a cold or flu, can be diagnosed in this time, more complex ailments require attention, which takes up time. Reviews can illuminate which doctors actively spend the necessary time with their patients and which ones are pressed against the clock to meet demand.Surgery has some more dire risks attached to it, so be sure to talk to your surgeon about the potential issues that can come up as a result of your procedure. If a patient has a reaction to anesthesia, it can cause very serious complications, but this is an uncommon occurrence. Blood clots can be a significant problem after surgery, often caused by inactivity during recovery. Infections, numbness, scarring, swelling and death are all possible, but the likelihood of these issues will vary depending on the type of surgery you're undergoing. Talk to your doctor about your concerns and your risk potential.AftercareSurgery affects people in different ways, but as you begin to emerge from anesthesia, you'll want to alert your nurse to any issues you may have. The nurse will tell you how the procedure went, what effect it will have on your condition, what to expect when you get home and how long it will take to get back to normal. If you start feeling pain, the nurse may give you medication to stop it from getting worse. When possible, it's also advised to move around to avoid blood clots from developing in your legs. This can be as simple as occasionally flexing your knee or rotating your foot. Some surgeries are outpatient procedures, where people are released the same day. For major surgeries, patients may stay at the hospital for a few days to be monitored and address any concerns before being sent home. Discuss with your surgeon the projected length of the hospital stay and what you need to bring.Recovery and Follow-upYour recovery time and follow-up expectations will vary depending on your procedure. For example, you can be expected to be on your feet within a few days of having your wisdom teeth taken out, but it may be weeks before you have fully recovered from a broken foot or heart-valve surgery. Your surgeon will give you a list of things that you'll need to do during this time, including what medications to take and when you'll be able to get back to work and other activities.Every surgery will have a follow-up call or appointment to discuss your recovery and allow you to ask any questions about unusual symptoms or changes in your overall health. If you have a major operation, like heart surgery, it's important to make regular checkups with your doctor or a specialist to ensure that everything is normal. Visiting a doctor will help deter infection and verify that everything is healing as expected. These appointments will give you peace of mind about your state of health and ensure that any issues are caught early on. 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback











 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














richard l lindstrom md - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Anyone's History - Anyone's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Anyone's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.




Lindstrom Precision Tools | Pemro.com



Ad
 ·
www.Pemro.com



Ergonomic Cutters, Pliers, Tweezers Screwdrivers and more.





Call us for Quantity Pricing



Shop by Manufacturer




Shop by Category



Contact Us





Buy Lindstrom - Buy Lindstrom at Zoro.com.



Ad
 ·
www.zoro.com



Buy Lindstrom at Zoro.com. Everything To Clean, Build & Fix!


zoro.com is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(51,922 reviews)





Zmail Sign Up



Contact  Us



FAQ's



Browse All Products
















Lindstrom House




The Lindstrom House is an American Institute of Architects award-winning single family residence in Bainbridge Island, WA. It was built by Richard D. Lindstrom (Morgan and Lindstrom)

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Loyola Academy - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Loyola_Academy


Dr. Kathryn Baal ... Richard L. Newhafer, novelist and teleplay writer ... ^ Frederick Lindstrom at Loyola Academy Athletic Hall of Fame.


2012 Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference football season ...

www.wow.com/wiki/2012_Kansas_Collegiate_Athletic_Conference...


The 2012 Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference football season is made up of 10 United States college athletic programs that compete in the Kansas Collegiate Athletic ...


Forgotten Old School Hollywood Scandals That Would Still ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/07/07/old-hollywood-scandals-_n...


Forgotten Old School Hollywood Scandals That Would Still ... Bergman became pregnant by Rossellini and asked Lindstrom ... when she left Fisher for Richard ...


Leigh McCloskey - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Leigh_McCloskey


McCloskey’s Codex Tor illuminated books, Volume One, Winter Solstice, Volume Two, Summer Solstice and Volume Three, Equinox comprise over 500 hand drawn and painted ...


Phyllis (TV series) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Phyllis_(TV_series)


Phyllis is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from September 8, 1975, to March 13, 1977. Created by Ed Weinberger and Stan Daniels, it was the second spin-off of ...


List of fictional doctors - WOW

www.wow.com/wiki/List_of_fictional_physicians


This is a list of fictional doctors (characters that use the appellation "doctor", medical and otherwise), from literature, films, television, and other media ...


6 Things To Do On New Year's Eve While You're Waiting For ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/12/05/things-to-do-new-years-eve-_n...


6 Things To Do On New Year's Eve While You're Waiting For That Dumb Ball To Drop. ... Pavel L Photo and Video / Shutterstock ... Richard Cavalleri ...


List of soft rock artists and songs - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/List_of_soft_rock_artists_and_songs


List of soft rock artists and songs. ... Richard L. (18 May 2009). ... "Todd Rundgren, Emil Nikolaisen, Hans-Peter Lindstrom: ...


Kansas Republican Party - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Republican_Party_of_Kansas


The Kansas Republican Party is the state affiliate political ... Republican Tim Shallenberger and David Lindstrom lost the race for ... Richard D. Rogers ...


Water on Mars - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Water_on_Mars


"The salts known as perchlorates that lower the freezing temperature of water at the R.S.L.s, ... giant dinner plate for Earth organisms,” Dr ... Richard (April 23 ...










Anyone's History - Anyone's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Anyone's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.




Lindstrom Precision Tools | Pemro.com



Ad
 ·
www.Pemro.com



Ergonomic Cutters, Pliers, Tweezers Screwdrivers and more.





Call us for Quantity Pricing



Shop by Manufacturer




Shop by Category



Contact Us





Buy Lindstrom - Buy Lindstrom at Zoro.com.



Ad
 ·
www.zoro.com



Buy Lindstrom at Zoro.com. Everything To Clean, Build & Fix!


zoro.com is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(51,922 reviews)





Zmail Sign Up



Contact  Us



FAQ's



Browse All Products




Searches related torichard l lindstrom md



dr harden mn eye consultants


rick lindstrom


ophthalmologist in bloomington mn


dr lindstrom



lindstrom eye clinic


richard hettler bloomington minnesota


oph minnetonka




12345Next

Related Searches



dr harden mn eye consultants


rick lindstrom


ophthalmologist in bloomington mn


dr lindstrom


lindstrom eye clinic


richard hettler bloomington minnesota


oph minnetonka




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network












by Lindstrom - Pemro Distribution



































 0 



800-440-5441    |                 
                

 
					                

					
                		Welcome! log in or register | 
					
                











Products

Adhesives & Dispensing
Chemicals & Cleaning
ESD & Static Control
Handling & Storage
Labeling, Taping & Marking
Lighting & Magnification
Safety Products
Solder Products
Soldering & Rework
Test & Measurement
Tools
Workstations & Chairs


Line Card

Argon Masking
Brady
Botron
Chemtronics
Excelta
Hakko
Indium
JNJ Industries
Kester
Lindstrom
See all...


Resources
                
About Us
Contact Us
Fast Order
Product Index


My Account






All Products


by Lindstrom 




Filter your Results further:




Filter by Model #


Choose...
0C9-NC-ET
1-NC
1-S
1-TA
101A-2
101A-3
111A
111B
112A
112FV
113A
121A
122A
15AGW-EP
2-SA-F
202A
204B
204B-120
204D-60
212A
246CFR-SA
2A-TA
2AB-TA
304A
304D
304D-9
304E
327H
331-1
331A
331A-27
341A
341A-7
341D-060
4-S
4-TA
401A
411B
412A
501
601A
601B-4
601L
601L-040
601L-115
601L-160
601L-18
601L-187
601L-250
602A
612A
614A
701B
705CF
705DG
705SV
707CF
707DG
707SV
708CF
708DG
708SV
709CF
709DG
709SV
710CF
710DG
710SV
7190
7191
71MZ
7280
7285
7290
7291
7292
7292G
7293
72MZ
73MZ
7490
7490K
7490SR
74MZ
7590
7890
7890A
7890CFR
7890G
7890H
7890J
7890K
7890N
7890SR
7891
7892
7892K
7892SR
7893
7893K
7893SR
7990-04
7990-06
7990-08
7990-14
7990-16
7990-18
7990-20
7990-22
7990-24
7990-28
7990-40
7991-18
7991-22
7992-20
7992-22
7992-24
7992-28
7992-32
7992-40
7992-48
7992-50
7993-64
801Z-1
802B
802C
802D
802D-1
802L-1
802L-2
803
813
8130
8131
8132
8133
8134
8135
8136
8137
8137MX
8138
8138PS
814
8140
8140PS
8141
8141PS
8142
8142A
8142LM
8142PS
8143
8144
8144PS
8144PSF
8145
8145PS
8146
8147
8148
8149
8149C
8150
8150J
8150PS
8151
8152
8152PS
8153
8154
8154PSP
8155
8156
8157
8157PS
8158
8160
8160J
8160PS
8161
8161PS
8162
8163
8164
8164PSBL
8165
8167
8168
8211
8212
8246
8247
8248
8249
8576A
A71MZ
A72MZ
A73MZ
A74MZ
A7MZ
AS7490
AS7590
AS7890
AS7890SR
AS7891
AS7892
AS7892SR
AS7893
AS7893SR
BE-8010
BE-8010S
BE-8020
BE-8030
BE-8040
BE-8040S
BE-8050S
BE-8065S
BE-8150
BE-8155
BE-8160
BE-8210
BE-8220
BE-8220S
BE-8230
BE-8230S
BE-8240
BE-8250
BE-8255
BE-8255S
BE-8260
BE-8330
BE-8340
BE-8350
BE-8355
BE-8600
BE-8600S
BE-8601
BE-8602
BE-8610
BE-8610L
BE-8610S
BE-8620
BE-8620L
BE-8620S
BE-8630
BE-8630S
BE-8640
BE-8640S
BE-8702
BE-8703
BE-8704
BE-8705
BE-8706
BE-8708
BE-8710
BE-8725
BE-8800
BE-8800S
BE-8801
BE-8810
BE-8810L
BE-8810S
BE-8820
BE-8820L
BE-8820S
BE-8830
BE-8830S
BE-8840
BE-8865
BE-8870
BE-8880
BE-8890
BE-8906
BE-8907
BE-8908
BE-8909
BE-8910
BE-8910S
BE-8915
BE-8915S
BE-8920
BE-8920S
BE-8925
BE-8925S
BE-8927
BE-8930
BE-8940
BE-9881
BE-9885
BE-9886
CO7890N
DTT-501-EZ
EX 7490
EX 7590
EX 776
EX 777
EX 7890
EX 7894
EX 8140
EX 8141
EX 8150
EX 8151
HS113A
HS2421D-140SR
HS6000
HS6001
HS601L-18
HS601L-19
HS701-7
HS7190
HS7191
HS7280
HS7290
HS7291
HS7292
HS7293
HS7490
HS7490K
HS7490SR
HS7590
HS7890
HS7890J
HS7890K
HS7890SR
HS7891
HS7892
HS7892K
HS7892SR
HS7893
HS7893K
HS7893SR
HS801Z
HS8130
HS8131
HS8132
HS8133
HS8134
HS8135
HS8136
HS8137
HS8138
HS8138MX
HS8138PS
HS8140
HS8140PS
HS8141
HS8142
HS8143
HS8144
HS8144PS
HS8145
HS8145-S
HS8146
HS8147
HS8148
HS8149
HS8149C
HS8150
HS8150PS
HS8151
HS8152
HS8153
HS8154
HS8155
HS8156
HS8157
HS8158
HS8160
HS8161
HS8162
HS8163
HS8164
HS8165
HS8166
HS8167
HS8168
HS8211
HS8247
HS8248
HS8248C
HS8248D
HS8249
M2-SA
M3-SA
M4-SA
MAL500-1
MAL500-2
MAL500-3
P6160
RX112A
RX501
RX7291
RX7292
RX7490
RX7490K
RX7490SR
RX7590
RX7890
RX7890J
RX7890K
RX7890SR
RX7890STR
RX7891
RX7892
RX7892K
RX7892SR
RX7893
RX7893K
RX7893SR
RX7894
RX7990-1
RX7990-2
RX8000
RX802D-1
RX8130
RX8131
RX8131PS
RX8132
RX8133
RX8134
RX8135
RX8136
RX8137
RX8137MX
RX8138
RX8138MX
RX8138PS
RX8140
RX8140PS
RX8140PSF
RX8141
RX8141A
RX8141PS
RX8141PSF
RX8142
RX8142PS
RX8143
RX8144
RX8145
RX8146
RX8147
RX8148
RX8148PS
RX8149
RX8149C
RX8150
RX8150PS
RX8151
RX8151PS
RX8152
RX8153
RX8154
RX8155
RX8156
RX8157
RX8157PS
RX8158
RX8160
RX8160BL
RX8160BPS
RX8160PS
RX8161
RX8161PS
RX8162
RX8163
RX8164
RX8165
RX8166
RX8167
RX8168
RX8211
RX8211PS
RX8212
RX8233D
RX8234D
RX8237CF
RX8237D
RX8246
RX8247
RX8247G
RX8248
RX8248C
RX8248D
RX8248F
RX8248PS
RX8249
SP8000
SP8160
TL 0 NC
TL 0-NC-ET
TL 0-SA
TL 00 ACF
TL 00-SA
TL 00-SA ET
TL 00-SA-SL
TL 000-SA
TL 00B-SA
TL 00CF-SA
TL 00CFR-SA
TL 00D-SA
TL 0C9-SA
TL 1-SA-SL
TL 10G-SA
TL 11-N
TL 119-SA
TL 119A-SA
TL 120-SA
TL 120A-SA
TL 121-SA
TL 122-SA
TL 123-SA
TL 124-SA
TL 124-SA DC
TL 15 AGW ET
TL 15 UFF ET
TL 15A
TL 15AGW
TL 15AGWHM-SA
TL 15AP
TL 2-NC
TL 2-S
TL 2-SA
TL 2-SA-SL
TL 231-SA
TL 246 ACF
TL 248CF-SA
TL 249 ACF
TL 249CF-SA
TL 249CFR-SA
TL 250CF-SA
TL 251-SA
TL 251SV-SA
TL 253-SA
TL 254-SA
TL 255-SA
TL 256-SA
TL 257-SA
TL 259 ACF
TL 259CF-SA
TL 259CFR-SA
TL 259DLR-SA
TL 269CF-SA
TL 27-SA
TL 29-SA
TL 29D-SA
TL 2A ACF
TL 2A MZ
TL 2A-S
TL 2A-SA
TL 2A-SA ET
TL 2A-SA-SL
TL 2AB ACF
TL 2AB-SA
TL 2AB-SA-ET
TL 2ABXCFR-SA
TL 2ACF-SA
TL 2ACFR-SA
TL 2AMZ-SA
TL 2AX-SA
TL 2WFCPR-SA
TL 3-NC
TL 3-SA
TL 3-SA ET
TL 3-SA-SL
TL 3-TA
TL 30-SA
TL 31-SA
TL 321-SA
TL 34A-SA
TL 35A-SA
TL 3C-BR
TL 3C-NC
TL 3C-SA
TL 3C-SA ET
TL 3C-SA-SL
TL 3C-TA
TL 3WL-SA
TL 3X-SA
TL 4-NC
TL 4-SA
TL 4-SA-ET
TL 4-SA-SL
TL 46WF-SA
TL 475-SA
TL 4A-SA
TL 4WF-SA
TL 4WFCPR-SA
TL 4WFG-SA
TL 4WL-SA
TL 5 ACF
TL 5-NC
TL 5-NC-ET
TL 5-S
TL 5-SA
TL 5-SA ET
TL 5-SA-SL
TL 5-TA
TL 51S-NC-ET
TL 51S-SA
TL 51S-SA ET
TL 571-SA
TL 572-SA
TL 573-SA
TL 574-SA
TL 574B-SA
TL 577-SA
TL 578-SA
TL 579-SA
TL 582-SA
TL 583-SA
TL 58A-SA
TL 5A-SA
TL 5A-SA-SL
TL 5AX-SA
TL 5B-NC
TL 5B-SA
TL 5C-SA
TL 5CF-SA
TL 5CFR-SA
TL 6-SA
TL 61A-SA
TL 648-NC
TL 648-SA
TL 649-NC
TL 649-SA
TL 65A-SA
TL 7 ACF
TL 7 MZ
TL 7-NC
TL 7-S
TL 7-SA
TL 7-SA-ET
TL 7-SA-SL
TL 7-TA
TL 7A-SA
TL 7A-SA ET
TL 7A-SA-SL
TL 7CFR-SA
TL 7X-SA
TL 8WNY-SA
TL AA-S
TL AA-SA
TL AA-SA ET
TL AA-SA-SL
TL AA-TA
TL AC-SA
TL AC-SA-SL
TL D
TL F-SA
TL GG-SA
TL H-SA
TL M5-SA
TL M5-SA ET
TL MM-SA
TL MM-SA-SL
TL RR-SA
TL S-SA
TL SM100-SA
TL SM101-SA
TL SM102-SA
TL SM104-SA
TL SM105-SA
TL SM106-SA
TL SM107-SA
TL SM108-SA
TL SM109-SA
TL SM110-SA
TL SM111-SA
TL SM112-SA
TL SM113-SA
TL SM114-SA
TL SM115-SA
TL SM116-SA
TL SS-S ET
TL SS-SA
TL SS-SA-SL
TL W15-SA
TRx8180


Filter by Manufacturer



                Lindstrom
            

Filter by Category


 
                    Cut & Form/Bend Tools 
        

 
                    Cutters 
        

 
                    Cutters - Angled Tip 
        

 
                    Cutters - Flush Tip 
        

 
                    Cutters - Micro Bevel 
        

 
                    Cutters - Oval Head 
        

 
                    ESD Cutters 
        

 
                    ESD Pliers 
        

 
                    ESD Tweezers 
        

 
                    Hex Drivers 
        

 
                    IC Insertion/Extraction Tools 
        

 
                    Leadformers 
        

 
                    Pliers - Bent Nose 
        

 
                    Pliers - Chain Nose 
        

 
                    Pliers - Ergonomic 
        

 
                    Pliers - Flat Nose 
        

 
                    Pliers - Long Nose 
        

 
                    Pliers - Round Nose 
        

 
                    Pliers - Short Nose 
        

 
                    Scissors - All-Purpose 
        

 
                    Screwdriver Sets 
        

 
                    Screwdrivers - Phillips 
        

 
                    Screwdrivers - Pozidriv 
        

 
                    Screwdrivers - Slotted 
        

 
                    Screwdrivers - Torx 
        

 
                    Shearcutters 
        

 
                    Torque Drivers 
        

 
                    Torque Testers & Analyzers 
        

 
                    Tweezers & Forceps 
        

 
                    Tweezers - Anti-Magnetic 
        

 
                    Tweezers - Ceramic Tip 
        

 
                    Tweezers - Cutting & Stripping 
        

 
                    Tweezers - Electronic 
        

 
                    Tweezers - General Purpose 
        

 
                    Tweezers - Plastic 
        

 
                    Tweezers - Reverse Action 
        

 
                    Tweezers - Small Parts Handling 
        

 
                    Tweezers - Titanium 
        

 
                    Tweezers - Wafer 
        


Filter by Brand


 80 Series 
        

 BE Series 
        

 EX Series 
        

 Hand Saver (HS) Series 
        

 RX Series 
        

 Supreme Series 
        

 TL Series 
        






Results: 
            679 

            Previous  1  2  3  4  5  ...  34  Next










Micro-Bevel, Small Head Cutter
Model #: 8140 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1003
Category: Cutters - Oval Head


Your price:
$43.13/EA

Buy/More Info








Micro-Bevel, Medium Head Cutter
Model #: HS8150 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1035
Category: Cutters - Oval Head


Your price:
$66.29/EA

Buy/More Info








Ergonomic Pliers w/Bent 60º Tip
Model #: RX7892 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1015
Category: ESD Pliers


Your price:
$52.74/EA

Buy/More Info








Micro-Bevel, Medium Head Cutter
Model #: 8150 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1004
Category: Cutters - Oval Head


Your price:
$46.83/EA

Buy/More Info








Ultra Flush, Small Head Cutter
Model #: RX8142 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1002
Category: ESD Cutters


Your price:
$60.72/EA

Buy/More Info








Ergonomic Pliers w/Round Nose & Fine Jaw
Model #: RX7590 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1012
Category: ESD Pliers


Your price:
$49.15/EA

Buy/More Info








Ergonomic Pliers w/Chain Nose
Model #: RX7891 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1014
Category: ESD Pliers


Your price:
$59.62/EA

Buy/More Info








Flush, Small Head Cutter
Model #: RX8141 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1021
Category: ESD Cutters


Your price:
$53.24/EA

Buy/More Info








Micro-Bevel, Large Head Cutter
Model #: HS8160 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1036
Category: Cutters - Oval Head


Your price:
$65.57/EA

Buy/More Info








Flush Small Head Cutter
Model #: HS8141 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1044
Category: Cutters - Oval Head


Your price:
$66.92/EA

Buy/More Info








Ultra Flush, Large Head Cutter
Model #: RX8162 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1133
Category: ESD Cutters


Your price:
$84.33/EA

Buy/More Info








Micro-Bevel, Large Head Cutter
Model #: 8160 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1007
Category: Cutters - Oval Head


Your price:
$46.83/EA

Buy/More Info








Round Nose Pliers with HandSaver Grips
Model #: HS7590 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1028
Category: Pliers - Round Nose


Your price:
$63.40/EA

Buy/More Info








Flush Cut, Small Oval Head Cutter
Model #: 8141 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1072
Category: Cutters - Oval Head


Your price:
$44.42/EA

Buy/More Info








Ultra Flush, Large Head Cutter
Model #: 8162 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1085
Category: Cutters - Oval Head


Your price:
$61.37/EA

Buy/More Info








Micro-Bevel, Small Tapered Cutter
Model #: 8146 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1100
Category: Cutters - Micro Bevel


Your price:
$45.63/EA

Buy/More Info








Ultra Flush, Medium Tapered Cutter
Model #: 8158 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1107
Category: Cutters - Tapered Head


Your price:
$62.19/EA

Buy/More Info








Chain Nose Pliers w/Ergo Grips
Model #: HS7891 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1030
Category: Pliers - Chain Nose


Your price:
$68.96/EA

Buy/More Info








Ultra Flush, Medium Head Cutter
Model #: 8152 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1102
Category: Cutters - Oval Head


Your price:
$52.91/EA

Buy/More Info








XS Oval Ergonomic Cutter, Micro-Bevel
Model #: RX8130 by Lindstrom
Item Code: LND-1019
Category: ESD Cutters


Your price:
$64.09/EA

Buy/More Info




Results: 679
 Previous  1  2  3  4  5  ...  34  Next 






Shop by Manufacturer (see all)















        	Phone: 800-440-5441   •  
            Fax: 440-919-0128   •  
            Email: [email protected]


        	©2015 Pemro Distribution   •  
            Legal   •  
            About Us   •  
            Contact Us




















Line Card - Pemro Distribution


































 0 



800-440-5441    |                 
                

 
					                

					
                		Welcome! log in or register | 
					
                











Products

Adhesives & Dispensing
Chemicals & Cleaning
ESD & Static Control
Handling & Storage
Labeling, Taping & Marking
Lighting & Magnification
Safety Products
Solder Products
Soldering & Rework
Test & Measurement
Tools
Workstations & Chairs


Line Card

Argon Masking
Brady
Botron
Chemtronics
Excelta
Hakko
Indium
JNJ Industries
Kester
Lindstrom
See all...


Resources
                
About Us
Contact Us
Fast Order
Product Index


My Account





All Manufacturers





3

3M

A

ACL Staticide


Akro-Mils


American Beauty


Ansell


Apex


Argon Masking


ASG Jergens


Aven

B

Barefoot


Beau Tech


Bevco


Biofit


BOFA Americas, Inc.


Bondhus


Botron


Brady


Branson

C

Chemtronics


Circuit Medic


Conduct. Cont. (CCI)


Crescent


Cyberbond



D

DDM Novastar


Desco


Dwyer Instruments

E

Easy Braid


Edsyn


Emerson & Cuming


Erem


Excelta

F

Fancort

G

General Tools


Gordon Brush

H

Hakko


Hexacon


HK Porter


Hoyt Electrical Instruments


Hysol



I

Ideal Industries


Indium

J

Jensen Global


JNJ Industries

K

Kester


Klein Tools

L

Laddawn


Lindstrom


Loctite


Lufkin


Luxo

M

Master Appliance


Menda


Metcal


Metro


MicroCare


Mountz


Multicore

N

Nicholson

O

OC White


Ortho-Mat



P

Pace Worldwide


Paladin


Panavise


Pemro Value Products


Pharmco-Aaper


Plato


Plumb


Pro-Line


Production Basics


Proedge


Protektive Pak


Puritan Products

Q

QRP


Quantum Storage

R

R&R Lotion

S

Scienscope


SCS


Seco


Shimpo


Simonds


Start International


Steinel


Sturtevant Richmont



T

TapeCase


Tech Wear


Techcon Systems


Technibilt


Techspray


Tohnichi


Transforming Technologies

U

Utica

V

Virtual Industries


Vision Engineering

W

Waldmann Lighting


Weller


Wiha


Wiss

X

X-acto


Xcelite


Xuron







Shop by Manufacturer (see all)















        	Phone: 800-440-5441   •  
            Fax: 440-919-0128   •  
            Email: [email protected]


        	©2015 Pemro Distribution   •  
            Legal   •  
            About Us   •  
            Contact Us




















Contact Us - Pemro Distribution


































 0 



800-440-5441    |                 
                

 
					                

					
                		Welcome! log in or register | 
					
                











Products

Adhesives & Dispensing
Chemicals & Cleaning
ESD & Static Control
Handling & Storage
Labeling, Taping & Marking
Lighting & Magnification
Safety Products
Solder Products
Soldering & Rework
Test & Measurement
Tools
Workstations & Chairs


Line Card

Argon Masking
Brady
Botron
Chemtronics
Excelta
Hakko
Indium
JNJ Industries
Kester
Lindstrom
See all...


Resources
                
About Us
Contact Us
Fast Order
Product Index


My Account





Contact Us







Email Customer Service/Sales


Company Name:



*First Name:
 (Required)


*Last Name:
  (Required)


Phone:
 (Required) Invalid format.


*Email:
 (Required) Invalid format.


*Message:
 (Required)












Business Hours
    Mon-Fri: 8:00am - 6:00pm EST

 Live Chat
 

Phone Numbers
    
    Toll-Free:  (800) 440-5441
    
    Local:  (440) 919-0123
    
    Fax:  (440) 919-0128

Email
    
    	Sales: [email protected]
    
    	Accounting: [email protected]
    
    	Marketing: [email protected]

Address/Remit To
Pemro Corporation
	
    
    DBA: Pemro Distribution
125 Alpha Park
    Cleveland, Ohio 44143





Shop by Manufacturer (see all)















        	Phone: 800-440-5441   •  
            Fax: 440-919-0128   •  
            Email: [email protected]


        	©2015 Pemro Distribution   •  
            Legal   •  
            About Us   •  
            Contact Us




















Main Products - Pemro Distribution


































 0 



800-440-5441    |                 
                

 
					                

					
                		Welcome! log in or register | 
					
                











Products

Adhesives & Dispensing
Chemicals & Cleaning
ESD & Static Control
Handling & Storage
Labeling, Taping & Marking
Lighting & Magnification
Safety Products
Solder Products
Soldering & Rework
Test & Measurement
Tools
Workstations & Chairs


Line Card

Argon Masking
Brady
Botron
Chemtronics
Excelta
Hakko
Indium
JNJ Industries
Kester
Lindstrom
See all...


Resources
                
About Us
Contact Us
Fast Order
Product Index


My Account








        	Main Product Categories (see all)
        








Adhesives & Dispensing





Chemicals & Cleaning





ESD & Static Control





Handling & Storage





Labeling, Taping & Marking





Lighting & Magnification





Safety Products





Solder Products





Soldering & Rework





Test & Measurement





Tools





Workstations & Chairs






Shop by Manufacturer (see all)















        	Phone: 800-440-5441   •  
            Fax: 440-919-0128   •  
            Email: [email protected]


        	©2015 Pemro Distribution   •  
            Legal   •  
            About Us   •  
            Contact Us






















richard l lindstrom - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










The Past Revealed - Want Info on Someone?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Someone? Just Search A Name and State.




Searches related torichard l lindstrom



richard lindstrom obituary


richard lindstrom md


dean richard lindstrom


dr lindstrom



lindstrom mn


rick lindstrom


dr richard lindstrom melbourne fl


lindstrom equipment




Web Results

Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D. | Founder, Minnesota Eye ...

https://www.mneye.com/richard-l-lindstrom-md-ophthalmologist...


Dr. Richard L. Lindstrom is a board-certified ophthalmologist and internationally recognized leader in corneal, cataract, refractive and laser surgery.


Dr. Richard Lindstrom M.D. | Minneapolis LASIK Twin Cities ...

www.drrichardlindstrom.com


Dr.Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D.. Founder & Attending Surgeon of Minnesota Eye Consultants. Serving Minneapolis, Twin Cities, Blaine, Bloomington, Maplewood, and ...



Contact



Cornea



Refractive Surgery



Cataract Surgery



Richard L. Lindstrom M.D.: Executive Profile & Biography ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?...


Dr. Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D., serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Lindstrom Cleaning and Construction. Dr. Lindstrom has been the ...


About Dr. Richard L. Lindstrom, Ophthalmologist ... - MD.com

https://www.md.com/doctor/richard-lindstrom-md/about


Learn about Dr. Richard L. Lindstrom, an ophthalmologist in Bloomington, MN & Minnetonka, MN. Are you Dr. Lindstrom? Sign up for MD.com.


Dr. Richard Lindstrom, MD - Bloomington, MN ...

www.healthgrades.com/physician/dr-richard-lindstrom-xp2xg


Visit Healthgrades for information on Dr. Richard Lindstrom, MD Find Phone & Address information, medical practice history, affiliated hospitals and more.


Richard L. Lindstrom, MD - Owl

https://www.owlsite.org/?team=richard-l-lindstrom-md


Dr. Richard L. Lindstrom, MD Dr. Lindstrom is the founder and attending surgeon at Minnesota Eye Consultants, Adjunct Clinic Professor Emeritus at the University of ...


www.mneye.com

https://www.mneye.com/minnesota/richard-l-lindstrom-md.htm


Query was: SELECT * FROM WHERE old_pagename = 'richard-l-lindstrom-md.htm' Time: Thu-Jul 22:23:32 Hata no:1064: Hata: You have an error in your SQL syntax; ...


Richard L. Lindstrom | ASCRS

www.ascrs.org/about-ascrs/richard-l-lindstrom


Dr. Richard L. Lindstrom, Founder and attending surgeon at Minnesota Eye Consultants, Adjunct Professor Emeritus at the University of Minnesota, Department of ...


Richard L. Lindstrom: clinician, teacher, researcher, mentor

https://www.healio.com/ophthalmology/news/print/ocular-surgery...


Ocular Surgery News | Richard L. Lindstrom, MD, describes himself as a science-based practitioner. “I’m very science- or evidence-based in my approach to medicine.


Richard L. Lindstrom, MD - Ophthalmologist in Bloomington ...

https://www.md.com/doctor/richard-lindstrom-md


Visit Dr. Richard L. Lindstrom, an ophthalmologist in Bloomington, MN & Minnetonka, MN. Are you Dr. Lindstrom? Sign up for MD.com.










The Past Revealed - Want Info on Someone?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Someone? Just Search A Name and State.



Searches related torichard l lindstrom



richard lindstrom obituary


richard lindstrom md


dean richard lindstrom


dr lindstrom



lindstrom mn


rick lindstrom


dr richard lindstrom melbourne fl


lindstrom equipment




12345Next






Answers







Lindstrom House



The Lindstrom House is an American Institute of Architects award-winning single family residence in Bainbridge Island, WA. It was built by Richard D....

more






Jon Lindstrom



Jon Lindstrom (born October 18, 1957) is an American actor, writer, director, producer, and musician. He is well known for his role as Kevin Collins on...

more






2011 Baden Masters



Gilles Vuille Valentin Tanner Switzerland Niklas Edin Sebastian Kraupp Fredrik Lindberg Viktor Kjäll Karlstad, Sweden Kristian Lindstrom (fourth) Oskar...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








 



Dr. Richard Lindstrom M.D. | Minneapolis LASIK Twin Cities | Blaine Cataract Surgery Bloomington Cornea Maplewood Ophthalmologists Minnetonka MN | Minnesota Eye Consultants



















Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D.







Home       Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D. Bio








Richard L. Lindstrom, M.D. Bio

Dr Richard L Lindstrom, founder and attending surgeon of Minnesota Eye Consultants and Adjunct Professor Emeritus at the University of Minnesota Department of Ophthalmology, is a board-certified ophthalmologist and internationally recognized leader in corneal, cataract, refractive and laser surgery. He has been at the forefront of ophthalmology's evolutionary changes throughout his career, as a recognized researcher, teacher, inventor, writer, lecturer and highly acclaimed physician and surgeon.



	After graduating Magna Cum Laude from the College of Liberal Arts at the University of Minnesota, Dr Lindstrom completed his doctorate degree in medicine in 1972. He conducted research, residency and fellowship training in cornea at the University of Minnesota and affiliated hospitals and extended his anterior segment surgery fellowship training at Mary Shiels Hospital in Dallas and was a Heed Fellow in Glaucoma at University Hospital in Salt Lake City. In 1980, Dr Lindstrom returned to the University of Minnesota, where he spent ten years on the faculty of the Department of Ophthalmology, the last two as a full professor and the Harold G. Scheie Research Chair. He continues as Adjunct Professor Emeritus, Chairman of the Vision Foundation, and Associate Director of the Minnesota Lions Eye Bank at the University of Minnesota. He entered private practice in 1989, and has led the growth and expansion of Minnesota Eye Consultants serving as managing partner for 15 years. He is also medical director of TLC Vision, Sightpath Medical, and Refractec. He is Chief Medical Editor of the USA and International editions of Ocular Surgery News, which reaches 82,000 ophthalmologists worldwide.

	Dr. Lindstrom served as President (2007-2008) of the American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgeons; he also serves on the Executive Committee and is the Chair of the Corporate gifts Committee for the ASCRS Foundation. He has in the past served as the President of the International Society of Refractive Surgery, the International Intraocular Implant Club, and the International Refractive Surgery Club. He is the Global Education Liaison of the International Society of Refractive Surgery of the American Academy of Ophthalmology.

	He is Chairman and CEO of Lindstrom Cleaning and Construction, a three-generation family business. He has endowed funds supporting the University of Minnesota Department of Ophthalmology, the Eye Bank Association of America, and the University of Minnesota Tennis Team.

	Dr Lindstrom holds over 30 patents in ophthalmology and has developed a number of solutions, intraocular lenses and instruments that are used in clinical practices globally. He serves on the Board of Directors of AcuFocus, Inc, TLC Vision, Occulogix, eyeonics, Refractec, the Minnesota Medical Foundation, and Inner City Tennis.

	A frequent lecturer throughout the world on cornea, cataract and refractive surgery, he has presented over 37 named lectures and keynote speeches before professional societies in the U.S. and abroad, most recently giving the Blumenthal Memorial lecture in Jerusalem, Israel, the Benedetto Strampelli Medal Lecture in Rome, Italy, and the Albrecht von Garefe-Vorlesung Innovator’s Lecture in Nuremberg, Germany.

	Dr Lindstrom serves on a number of Journal editorial boards, including JCRS, JRS, and Ophthalmic Surgery. He is the Honorary Editor-in-Chief of the U.S./Chinese Journal of Ophthalmology. He has co-edited seven books, published over 350 peer reviewed journal articles and 60 book chapters. His professional affiliations are extensive, including Liaison of the International Society of Refractive Surgery of the American Academy of Ophthalmology.

	He is the recipient of numerous awards for distinguished service by national and international ophthalmology associations, including the LANS, Barraquer and the first lifetime achievement award from the International Society of Refractive Surgery in October 1995 and also was honoured with another lifetime achievement award in October 2002, the Binkhorst Lecture Award from the American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery, the Bausch and Lomb Lifetime Achievement Award, April 2005, and the Paton Award and NACT from the Eye Bank Association of America.http://www.drrichardlindstrom.com/


Published on March 6th, 2014






Connect












Specialties
Corneal Diseases
Refractive Surgery
Cataract Surgery 
 




 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


