










Dean Liollio | Plains All American Pipeline, L. P (Formerly Plains GP Holdings) | Email, President PNGS, @plainsallamerican.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Dean Liollio

 Plains All American Pipeline, L. P (Formerly Plains GP Holdings)  President PNGS


Updated On : 
                    Jul 10, 2017                            

export

















333 Clay Street

Houston, TX 77002


Email format for @plainsallamerican.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
1000 - 4999

Revenue:  
> 1 Billion

Industry:  
                        Energy->Oil, Gas, Coal                    
SIC Code:  
                         4612  - Crude Petroleum Pipelines








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    If you need @plainsallamerican.com email addresses for Plains All American Pipeline, L. P (Formerly Plains GP Holdings), you can find them on Lead411 as Dean Liollio's email might be available. Dean Liollio, the company's President PNGS, also has extensive contact information, including Plains All American Pipeline, L. P (Formerly Plains GP Holdings)'s facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. Houston, TX-based Plains All American Pipeline, L. P (Formerly Plains GP Holdings) can be found on Lead411 under the Oil, gas, coal industry.  Some possible email formats for Dean Liollio are DLiollio@plainsallamerican.com, Dean.Liollio@plainsallamerican.com, Dean@plainsallamerican.com, and Dean_Liollio@plainsallamerican.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@plainsallamerican.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Dean L. Jager - Pro Services
For Experis email addresses with the @experis.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Dean L. Jager, you may check in Experis's Lead411 profile. Dean L. Jager is currently the Regulatory Compliance Consultant for Experis. The company's CEO is . The contact information of Experis on Lead411 is filed under the Staffing. Their main offices are in Atlanta, GA.  Some possible email formats for Dean L. Jager are DL. Jager@experis.com, Dean.L. Jager@experis.com, Dean@experis.com, and Dean_L. Jager@experis.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@experis.com addresses.
Dean L. Sheppard - Executive

Dean La - Other
For i-bm email addresses with the @i-bm.co.uk format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Dean La, you may check in i-bm's Lead411 profile. Dean La is currently the Software Product Design for i-bm. The company's CEO is Annmarie Smith. The contact information of i-bm on Lead411 is filed under the Other. Their main offices are in , .  Some possible email formats for Dean La are DLa@i-bm.co.uk, Dean.La@i-bm.co.uk, Dean@i-bm.co.uk, and Dean_La@i-bm.co.uk. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@i-bm.co.uk addresses.



Similar Employees:
Harry Pefanis - Operations
A President/COO at Plains All American Pipeline, L. P (Formerly Plains GP Holdings) based in Houston, TX, Harry Pefanis has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Plains All American Pipeline, L. P (formerly Plains Gp Holdings) in our Oil, gas, coal category. The company CEO is Greg Armstrong. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Harry Pefanis' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Harry Pefanis.  Some possible email formats for Harry Pefanis are HPefanis@plainsallamerican.com, Harry.Pefanis@plainsallamerican.com, Harry@plainsallamerican.com, and Harry_Pefanis@plainsallamerican.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@plainsallamerican.com addresses.
Al Swanson - Finance
A CFO/EVP at Plains All American Pipeline, L. P (Formerly Plains GP Holdings) based in Houston, TX, Al Swanson has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Plains All American Pipeline, L. P (formerly Plains Gp Holdings) in our Oil, gas, coal category. The company CEO is Greg Armstrong. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Al Swanson' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Al Swanson.  Some possible email formats for Al Swanson are ASwanson@plainsallamerican.com, Al.Swanson@plainsallamerican.com, Al@plainsallamerican.com, and Al_Swanson@plainsallamerican.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@plainsallamerican.com addresses.
Mark Gorman - Executive
If you need @plainsallamerican.com email addresses for Plains All American Pipeline, L. P (Formerly Plains GP Holdings), you can find them on Lead411 as Mark Gorman's email might be available. Mark Gorman, the company's Vice President, also has extensive contact information, including Plains All American Pipeline, L. P (Formerly Plains GP Holdings)'s facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. Houston, TX-based Plains All American Pipeline, L. P (Formerly Plains GP Holdings) can be found on Lead411 under the Oil, gas, coal industry.  Some possible email formats for Mark Gorman are MGorman@plainsallamerican.com, Mark.Gorman@plainsallamerican.com, Mark@plainsallamerican.com, and Mark_Gorman@plainsallamerican.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@plainsallamerican.com addresses.

People Directory > Dean Liollio

















    Dean Liollio | Plains All American Pipeline , L.P. | ZoomInfo.com 



Plains All American Pipeline Appoints C.S. “Dean” Liollio President of Natural Gas Storage Business | Business Wire


























































Plains All American Pipeline Appoints C.S. “Dean” Liollio President 
      of Natural Gas Storage Business






January 13, 2009 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (NYSE:PAA) 
      announced today that C.S. “Dean” Liollio has recently been appointed to 
      the position of President of PAA Natural Gas Storage, LLC, formerly 
      known as Energy Center Investments, LLC. PAA Natural Gas Storage is a 
      subsidiary of PAA/Vulcan Gas Storage LLC, which is owned 50% by PAA and 
      50% by Vulcan Capital.
    


      Mr. Liollio has 25 years of experience in the natural gas business, most 
      recently serving as President and CEO of EnergySouth, Inc., a NASDAQ 
      listed company prior to its acquisition by Sempra Energy in October 
      2008. Prior to joining EnergySouth, Mr. Liollio served with Centerpoint 
      Energy and its subsidiaries for approximately 23 years in various 
      positions of increasing responsibility, most recently serving as 
      Division President and COO, Southern Gas Operations.
    

      “We are pleased to welcome Dean to the PAA organization and look forward 
      to his leadership as PAA continues to grow and expand its natural gas 
      platform,” said Greg L. Armstrong, Chairman and CEO of Plains All 
      American. “Dean has a proven track record in the natural gas storage 
      business and brings with him a wealth of experience and proven 
      leadership qualities.”
    

      Armstrong noted that Mr. Liollio is supported by a strong team of 
      experienced professionals at PAA Natural Gas Storage, including Richard 
      Tomaski, Vice President - Commercial Activities and Dan Noack, Vice 
      President - Operations & Engineering as well as John Reid, Vice 
      President of Bluewater Gas Storage and Brad Ledbetter, Vice President of 
      Pine Prairie Energy Center.
    

      “I am pleased to join PAA Natural Gas Storage and I am excited about its 
      future,” said Dean Liollio. “PAA possesses what I believe to be an 
      excellent platform for future growth. Our Bluewater storage facility in 
      Michigan recently completed its fourth year of operations and continues 
      to deliver reliable, high quality service to its customers.”
    

      “Our Pine Prairie facility is strategically located and is currently 
      connected to seven large diameter pipelines in South Louisiana that 
      serve highly populated markets in the Midwest, Northeast and Southeast 
      portions of the United States,” continued Liollio. “A connection to an 
      eighth pipeline is scheduled to be completed in the next several months. 
      Pine Prairie began commercial operations on its first cavern in October 
      2008 and we anticipate commencing commercial operations on the second 
      cavern in the second quarter of 2009. Leaching operations on the third 
      cavern commenced in December 2008 and the cavern is expected to be in 
      service in the second quarter of 2010. When the third cavern is 
      completed Pine Prairie will have over 21 BCF of working gas capacity. 
      Pine Prairie has the ability to be significantly expanded as market 
      conditions warrant. Pine Prairie’s expansion capability and connectivity 
      to major interstate natural gas pipelines serving major U.S. consuming 
      areas position it to become a key market hub for many years to come.
    

      We have been charged to develop PAA Natural Gas Storage into a solid, 
      stand alone business through organic growth, acquisitions and selected 
      greenfield development projects. Richard, Dan and I look forward to 
      working with the rest of the PAA team to capitalize on what we believe 
      are attractive and complementary opportunities in the natural gas 
      storage industry.”
    

      PAA Natural Gas Storage LLC owns, operates and currently has under 
      construction an aggregate of over 46 BCF of natural gas storage capacity 
      located at its Bluewater facility in Michigan and Pine Prairie facility 
      in South Louisiana. The joint venture is also in the process of 
      permitting an additional 24 BCF of high-deliverability salt-cavern 
      storage capacity at its Pine Prairie facility.
    

      Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. is a publicly traded master limited 
      partnership engaged in the transportation, storage, terminalling and 
      marketing of crude oil, refined products and liquefied petroleum gas and 
      other natural gas related petroleum products. Through its 50% ownership 
      in PAA/Vulcan Gas Storage LLC, the partnership is also engaged in the 
      development and operation of natural gas storage facilities. The 
      Partnership is headquartered in Houston, Texas.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


Certain statements made herein are forward-looking statements. They 
      include statements regarding the expected timing, capacity and benefits 
      of the Pine Prairie facilities. These statements are based on 
      management's current expectations and estimates; actual results may 
      differ materially due to certain risks and uncertainties. These risks 
      and uncertainties include, among other things, unanticipated shortages 
      or cost increases in power supplies, materials and skilled labor, 
      weather interference with business operations or project construction, 
      disruption of domestic and foreign natural gas supplies, regulatory 
      uncertainties and other factors and uncertainties inherent in the 
      marketing, transportation, terminalling, gathering and storage of 
      natural gas, as well as those factors and uncertainties inherent in the 
      Partnership's business as discussed in the Partnership's filings with 
      the Securities and Exchange Commission.






Contacts

      Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.Roy I. Lamoreaux, 713-646-4222 
      or 800-564-3036Manager, Investor RelationsA. Patrick 
      Diamond, 713-646-4487 or 800-564-3036Vice President
    














Contacts

      Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.Roy I. Lamoreaux, 713-646-4222 
      or 800-564-3036Manager, Investor RelationsA. Patrick 
      Diamond, 713-646-4487 or 800-564-3036Vice President
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up



























































Jan 13, 2009 - Plains All American Pipeline Appoints C.S. “Dean” Liollio President of Natural Gas Storage Business - GuruFocus.com 


















Jan 13, 2009 - Plains All American Pipeline Appoints C.S. “Dean” Liollio President of Natural Gas Storage Business - GuruFocus.com Jan 13, 2009










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



Plains All American Pipeline Appoints C.S. “Dean” Liollio President of Natural Gas Storage BusinessJanuary 13, 2009 |  About: 
PAA  +0% 



HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (NYSE:PAA) announced today that C.S. “Dean” Liollio has recently been appointed to the position of President of PAA Natural Gas Storage, LLC,Press Release: Plains All American Pipeline Appoints C.S. “Dean” Liollio President of Natural Gas Storage Business										HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (NYSE:PAA)       announced today that C.S. “Dean” Liollio has recently been appointed to       the position of President of PAA Natural Gas Storage, LLC, formerly       known as Energy Center Investments, LLC. PAA Natural Gas Storage is a       subsidiary of PAA/Vulcan Gas Storage LLC, which is owned 50% by PAA and       50% by Vulcan Capital.              Mr. Liollio has 25 years of experience in the natural gas business, most       recently serving as President and CEO of EnergySouth, Inc., a NASDAQ       listed company prior to its acquisition by Sempra Energy in October       2008. Prior to joining EnergySouth, Mr. Liollio served with Centerpoint       Energy and its subsidiaries for approximately 23 years in various       positions of increasing responsibility, most recently serving as       Division President and COO, Southern Gas Operations.              “We are pleased to welcome Dean to the PAA organization and look forward       to his leadership as PAA continues to grow and expand its natural gas       platform,” said Greg L. Armstrong, Chairman and CEO of Plains All       American. “Dean has a proven track record in the natural gas storage       business and brings with him a wealth of experience and proven       leadership qualities.”              Armstrong noted that Mr. Liollio is supported by a strong team of       experienced professionals at PAA Natural Gas Storage, including Richard       Tomaski, Vice President - Commercial Activities and Dan Noack, Vice       President - Operations & Engineering as well as John Reid, Vice       President of Bluewater Gas Storage and Brad Ledbetter, Vice President of       Pine Prairie Energy Center.              “I am pleased to join PAA Natural Gas Storage and I am excited about its       future,” said Dean Liollio. “PAA possesses what I believe to be an       excellent platform for future growth. Our Bluewater storage facility in       Michigan recently completed its fourth year of operations and continues       to deliver reliable, high quality service to its customers.”              “Our Pine Prairie facility is strategically located and is currently       connected to seven large diameter pipelines in South Louisiana that       serve highly populated markets in the Midwest, Northeast and Southeast       portions of the United States,” continued Liollio. “A connection to an       eighth pipeline is scheduled to be completed in the next several months.       Pine Prairie began commercial operations on its first cavern in October       2008 and we anticipate commencing commercial operations on the second       cavern in the second quarter of 2009. Leaching operations on the third       cavern commenced in December 2008 and the cavern is expected to be in       service in the second quarter of 2010. When the third cavern is       completed Pine Prairie will have over 21 BCF of working gas capacity.       Pine Prairie has the ability to be significantly expanded as market       conditions warrant. Pine Prairie’s expansion capability and connectivity       to major interstate natural gas pipelines serving major U.S. consuming       areas position it to become a key market hub for many years to come.              We have been charged to develop PAA Natural Gas Storage into a solid,       stand alone business through organic growth, acquisitions and selected       greenfield development projects. Richard, Dan and I look forward to       working with the rest of the PAA team to capitalize on what we believe       are attractive and complementary opportunities in the natural gas       storage industry.”              PAA Natural Gas Storage LLC owns, operates and currently has under       construction an aggregate of over 46 BCF of natural gas storage capacity       located at its Bluewater facility in Michigan and Pine Prairie facility       in South Louisiana. The joint venture is also in the process of       permitting an additional 24 BCF of high-deliverability salt-cavern       storage capacity at its Pine Prairie facility.              Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. is a publicly traded master limited       partnership engaged in the transportation, storage, terminalling and       marketing of crude oil, refined products and liquefied petroleum gas and       other natural gas related petroleum products. Through its 50% ownership       in PAA/Vulcan Gas Storage LLC, the partnership is also engaged in the       development and operation of natural gas storage facilities. The       Partnership is headquartered in Houston, Texas.              Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements made herein are forward-looking statements. They       include statements regarding the expected timing, capacity and benefits       of the Pine Prairie facilities. These statements are based on       management's current expectations and estimates; actual results may       differ materially due to certain risks and uncertainties. These risks       and uncertainties include, among other things, unanticipated shortages       or cost increases in power supplies, materials and skilled labor,       weather interference with business operations or project construction,       disruption of domestic and foreign natural gas supplies, regulatory       uncertainties and other factors and uncertainties inherent in the       marketing, transportation, terminalling, gathering and storage of       natural gas, as well as those factors and uncertainties inherent in the       Partnership's business as discussed in the Partnership's filings with       the Securities and Exchange Commission. Source: BusinessWireMore on PAA:Gurus buys and sells of PAA10-year financial history of PAA.Insider buys/sells of PAA. 







  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with Plains All American Pipeline LP $PAA.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  




→User
            Generated Screeners

olanderfGoodmerknt84my4LuddyNEW SCHOOL VAL+MOMOmpacholskaStrong in Europempacholskaonly cheap in EuropesamahajoeOptimumsamahajoePrice/EBITDAgoukaradiBanks-Global & Americaspbarker46DividendsDANGORDON*** 5 AND 10 YEAR RETURN

→PAA Price Chart





$26.79 (1y: -6%)







Last 5 Quotes


My Portfolio






  Portfolio: Track My Stocks







To view my portfolio


Not a member yet?
Sign up now for a free account




PAA Related ArticlesPlains All American: Buy for 12.8% Distribution YieldBernstein Litowitz Berger & Grossmann LLP Announces Securities Class Action Suit Filed Against Plains All American Pipeline, L.P., Plains GP Holdings, L.P. and Certain of Their Senior Executives and Other Defendants in the U.S. District Court for the SoutSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. and Plains GP Holdings, L.P. of Pendency of Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of October 16, 2015 - PAA, PAGPSaxena White P.A. Files Securities Fraud Class Action Against Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.Bernstein Litowitz Berger & Grossmann LLP Announces Securities Class Action Suit Filed Against Plains All American Pipeline, L.P., Plains GP Holdings, L.P. and Certain of Their Senior Executives and Other Defendants



 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK






















Tilt: Easily Collect Money From A Group

































Plans to retire Tilt.com We're now part of the Airbnb family, and our focus will be to incorporate our social payments experience into their product ecosystem. As such, we're no longer accepting new campaigns and will soon be retiring the Tilt service. While you'll no longer be able to create any new campaigns, we'll be continuing to support active campaigns through June 4th and payouts through the Tilt.com platform until June 12, 2017.Visit the Blog 
TiltLogoTextImageThe social payments app of the future.FacebookVerifiedContinue with FacebookWe'll never post on your behalf or invite you to play Candy Crush. 😉Sign up or Log in with emailTilt is the easiest way to collect, fundraise, and sell with your community.Send and request money for rent, dinner, drinks, anything.Organize parties, fundraisers, group gifts, and more.Sell t-shirts, tickets, and more to your community."The social payment app for a global audience.""One of the fastest growing platforms on mobile.""...sits at the intersection of social graph, mobile payments, and crowdfunding."Are you a business looking to sell to your community on Tilt?Learn MoreHelpHow It WorksWhy TiltWays To Use TiltFAQsFeesContact UsAbout usPressGlobalProductsTilt ProTilt for MerchantsTilt iOSTilt AndroidRecent TiltsSell ticketsLegalTerms of UseProcessor TermsPrivacy PolicyWePay TermsStripe TermsConnect with usOur BlogSuccess Stories© 2017 Tilt.com, Inc.Terms of UseProcessor TermsPrivacy PolicyWePay TermsStripe TermsUnited StatesCanadaUnited KingdomAustraliaSwedenNorwayDenmarkFrance



Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





















LIOLLIO ARCHITECTURE































contact usUse the form on the right to contact us.You can edit the text in this area, and change where the contact form on the right submits to, by entering edit mode using the modes on the bottom right.





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Number *



Email Address *



Message *






Thank you for your message! We will get in touch as soon as possible!












147 Wappoo Creek Drive, Suite 400
Charleston SC 29412

843.762.2222
info@liollio.com










LIOLLIO ARCHITECTURE


Info

Email


Search
















Context. Culture. Collaboration.


2016 AIA SOUTH CAROLINA FIRM AWARD RECIPIENTFor over 60 years, Liollio  has provided thoughtful, respectful, creative design. Our vision is to lead in elevating the design dialogue in our community. We believe creativity originates through the eyes & stories of communities based on subtle & restrained design rooted in context, culture & collaboration.











Community















Federal















Preservation















Under Construction















Education















Health















On the Boards















Time Capsule






Follow Us On ISSUU

Back to top
LIOLLIO is an ISO 9001 Certified Firm #C0195740-ISI© 2017 Liollio Architecture, PC



 

 










Dean Liollio - Energysouth, Inc. (ensi) - The Wall Street Transcript














































 






































Industry & Services >> CEO Interviews >> April 23, 2007 Dean Liollio – Energysouth, Inc. (ensi)

TWST: Please tell us about EnergySouth.Mr. Liollio: Our company traces its roots back more than a 170 years when natural gas was first introduced in Mobile, Alabama. Today, we operate two
    

Join for free to read a longer excerpt or purchase this article

Already a member? Login here 









CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundPaula R. Wieck Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesBuy ($25)Managing Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsJeffrey P. CornellMichael S. Jordan Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AAPL GOOG SAP NSRGY Buy ($25)Identifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up ProcessRahul  Sharma Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: 600690 GE ASX TSM HDFC LUKOY XOM TOT RDS/A IBULHSGFIN ARCLK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundManaging Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsIdentifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up Process 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google





















Team — LIOLLIO ARCHITECTURE































contact usUse the form on the right to contact us.You can edit the text in this area, and change where the contact form on the right submits to, by entering edit mode using the modes on the bottom right.





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Number *



Email Address *



Message *






Thank you for your message! We will get in touch as soon as possible!












147 Wappoo Creek Drive, Suite 400
Charleston SC 29412

843.762.2222
info@liollio.com










LIOLLIO ARCHITECTURE


Info

Email


Search



















Team











Aaron Bowman AIA, LEED AP












Angie Brose AIA, LEED AP, Associate












Elissa Bostain AIA












Jennifer Charzewski AIA, LEED AP, Principal + Community Market Leader












Mary Tran Associate AIA












Rick Bousquet AIA, LEED AP, Principal












Alison Dawson AIA












Cherie Liollio AIA, LEED AP, Principal + K12 Market Leader












Greg Broadwater Contract Administrator












Juhee Porwal Associate AIA












Michael Edwards AIA, LEED AP, Associate + Health Market Leader












Sarah Glass Associate AIA












Allie Beck Associate AIA












Dan Corte AIA












Jane Thompson Associate Principal + Business Development Manager












Kendall Roberts Associate AIA












Mez Joseph Marketing Coordinator + Graphic Design Lead










Seth Cantley AIA, LEED AP, RYT












Andy Clark AIA, LEED AP, Associate Principal + Higher Education Market Leader












Dinos Liollio FAIA, LEED AP, Principal












Jay White AIA, LEED AP, Principal + Preservation Market Leader












Lisa Gerth Business Manager










Pat Ogle Office Manager










Tommy Schimpf Associate AIA, Principal + Contract Administrator






FOLLOW US ON ISSUU

Back to Top
LIOLLIO IS AN ISO 9001 CERTIFIED FIRM #C0195740-ISI© 2017 Liollio Architecture, PC



 

 







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















dean liollio - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference




Searches related todean liollio



plains all american pipeline


mark gorman plains all american


plains all american pipeline map


harry pefanis plains



richard mcgee plains


chris herbold plains all american


greg armstrong plains


john rutherford plains all american




Web Results

Dean Liollio - President for Plains Gas Solutions, LLC

https://www.corporationwiki.com/Texas/Houston/dean-liollio/...


View Dean Liollio's profile for company associations, background information, and partnerships. Search our database of over 100 million company and executive profiles.


Dean Liollio | PAA Natural Gas Storage , L.P. | ZoomInfo.com

www.zoominfo.com/p/Dean-Liollio/1487799


View Dean Liollio's business profile as President at PAA Natural Gas Storage , L.P. and see work history, affiliations and more.


Dean Liollio - Paa Natural Gas Storage LP Insider ...

https://www.tipranks.com/insiders/dean-liollio


Dean Liollio, President, Director at Paa Natural Gas Storage LP (PNG), is currently unranked, see this insider


Dean Liollio (United States) on LinkedIn | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/dean-liollio-126144123


View Dean Liollio’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Dean Liollio discover inside ...


Dean Liollio | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/Dean-Liollio


View phone, address history, email, public records for the person named Dean Liollio. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.


Dean Liollio Facebook, Twitter & MySpace on PeekYou

www.peekyou.com/dean_liollio


Looking for Dean Liollio ? PeekYou's people search has 4 people named Dean Liollio and you can find info, photos, links, family members and more


C.S. Dean Liollio - Executive Bio & Compensation History

executives.findthecompany.com/l/44917/C-S-Dean-Liollio


Find compensation and employment information for C.S. Dean Liollio (Paa Natural Gas Storage), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


Dean Liollio | Plains All American Pipeline, L. P ...

https://app.lead411.com/Dean_Liollio_14373064.html


A President PNGS at Plains All American Pipeline, L. P (Formerly Plains GP Holdings) based in Houston, TX, Dean Liollio has a comprehensive profile on Lead411.


Dean Liollio's Tilt Profile - Tilt

https://www.tilt.com/users/dliollio


View Dean's Tilts, contributions and followers. Join today and make amazing things happen with Dean on Tilt.


Plains All American Pipeline Appoints C.S. “Dean” Liollio ...

www.businesswire.com/news/home/20090113005458/en/Plains-American...


Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (NYSE:PAA) announced today that C.S. &#8220;Dean&#8221; Liollio has recently been appointed to the position



Searches related todean liollio



plains all american pipeline


mark gorman plains all american


plains all american pipeline map


harry pefanis plains



richard mcgee plains


chris herbold plains all american


greg armstrong plains


john rutherford plains all american




12345Next














Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








