










 













 













 





LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND (USD), L.P. - Free Company Check































UK COMPANIES LISTFind, check and analyze companies data









Find company: 



















0DOCs






Number of documents in the cart:

0



Price of documents:

£ 0.00
































checkout




Empty cart
















watch this company




Free company watchdog service



Enter your email:









    							Track all the changes in the company LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND (USD), L.P. for free.
    							You will learn immediately about the appointment and dismissal of directors,
    							about the new company documents, bankruptcy or liquidation of the Company.
    							Watchdog service can be cancelled any time.
    						







LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND (USD), L.P.

		Learn more about LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND (USD), L.P..
        Check the company's details for free and view the Companies House information, company documents and list of directors.
	

UK
					 - England
					 - Greater London
					 - City of Westminster
					 - Knightsbridge and Belgravia
					 - Knightsbridge and Belgravia - SW1X 7






Info
Accounts
Returns
Mortgages
Company documents
Company directors and board members









Company details 


					21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF

									

LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND (USD), L.P. on the map
 












Company type: Limited Partnership 
Company number: LP016474 
Company status: Active 


				country of origin: United Kingdom 

									incorporation date: 2015.02.04
																has UK establishment:  No   
				has appointments:  No   

				in liquidation:  No  















Accounts:


																								overdue: NO 
																account category: NO ACCOUNTS FILED 
								documents available: 1 















Returns:


																overdue: NO 
																documents available: 1 




















List of company documents:





buy all documents

                        Find out more information about LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND (USD), L.P.. Our website makes it possible to view other available documents related to LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND (USD), L.P..
                        You have at your disposal scanned copies of official documents submitted by the company at Companies House. These documents may
                        contain Accounts, Annual Returns, Director appointments, Director resignations, administration and liquidation events,
                        registered office changes, strike off actions, charges and more.
                    



£2.95
Add to cart




 TYPE OF BUSINESS CHANGED. 6 LIMITED PARTNERS APPOINTED. INCREASE IN CONTRIBUTION. LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED:RANDOLPH STREET VENTURES, L.P.-2014-41;. LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED:MML PRIVATE EQUITY FUND INVESTOR LLC;. MORE PARTNERS AVAILABLE ON IMAGE. 
Form type: LP6 Date: 2016.01.15 

£2.95
Add to cart




 1 GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED. 1 GENERAL PARTNER CEASED TO BE GENERAL PARTNER. GENERAL PARTNER RESIGNED:LION CAPITAL LLP. GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED:LION CAPITAL 2015 GP LIMITED. 
Form type: LP6 Date: 2015.09.05 

£2.95
Add to cart




1 GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED, 1 LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED AND THE TOTAL AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED IS 1 EUR. GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED:LION CAPITAL LLP. LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED:LION CAPITAL CARRY 2015 L.P.. 
Form type: LP5 Date: 2015.02.04 Child documents:

Document type: ANNOTATION
Date: 2015.02.04
Form type: CERT12
Document description: LIMITED PARTNERSHIP







Know about every new company document that is added!
                    Take advantage of our watch this company feature free of charge and have notifications sent directly to your inbox.
                    Whenever a new document appears on this website, or if their particulars change, you will be immediately
                    informed about such changes. To monitor these changes, all you need to do is click on watch this company.
                





















Companies near to LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND (USD), L.P.


T.M.T. PROPERTY COMPANY LIMITED - 4 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

LION/GEM UK 1 LIMITED - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

LION CAPITAL FUND I SBS, L.P. - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

BLACK LION ORANGINA MANAGEMENT LIMITED - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

LION CAPITAL FUND I, L.P. - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

GATEWAY EVENTS LIMITED - 4/5 GROSVENOR PLACE, HYDE PARK CORNER, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

OCELOT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LIMITED - C/O LION CAPITAL, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

BLACK LION ORANGINA MANAGEMENT 2 LIMITED - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, SW1X 7HF
			

LION CAPITAL II GP LIMITED - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, SW1X 7HF
			

LION CAPITAL GENERAL PARTNER III LLP - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

LION/VISOR AQCO1 LIMITED - LION CAPITAL, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

LION CAPITAL FUND II B, L.P. - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

JAMES WELLBELOVED OVERSEAS LIMITED - 4/5 GROSVENOR PLACE, HYDE PARK CORNER, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

HM EUROPE NO 1 LIMITED - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

NIAGARA ACQUISITION LIMITED - LION CAPITAL, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			




    Information about the Limited Partnership LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND (USD), L.P. has been prepared for information purposes only. It is not intended to be nor does it constitute legal advice. This is public information provided by the official company register.



	Date of last update: 2016.09.01.
			
			Reload the data



























	        		        	© companies list, companieslist.co.uk provides public information about business subjects in the UK
					
					
					
					
					
				
disclamer |
					listing policy |
					contact |
					FAQ





﻿







Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd)  Filing. Simon David Brown  Filed Dec 11  D Form – Octafinance






















































 








Tuesday, 25 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd)  Filing. Simon David Brown  Filed Dec 11  D Form


12/20/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd)  Filing. Simon David Brown  Filed Dec 11  D Form and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/lion-capital-2015-fund-a-usd-filing-simon-david-brown-filed-dec-11-d-form/315402/.CaptchaSubmit
Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd) Form D
The United Kingdom-based Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd), L.P. had published Form D because of $2.25 billion offering. This is a new filing. Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd), L.P. is expected to fundraise $2.25 billion in this private offering. The total private offering amount was $2.25 billion. This form was filed on 2015-12-11. Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd), L.P.’s clarification was: The figures in Item 13 include amounts in respect of the Issuer’s parallel entities.. The offering has $2.25 billion left to be raised and is still open.
 Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd) is based in United Kingdom. The filler’s business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form D was signed by Simon David Brown Member of Manager of the Issuer. The company was incorporated in 2015. The filler’s address is: C/O Lion Capital Llp, 21 Grosvenor Place, London, X0, United Kingdom, Sw1x 7Hf. Simon David Brown is the related person in the form and it has address: C/O Lion Capital Llp, 21 Grosvenor Place, London, X0, United Kingdom, Sw1x 7Hf. Link to Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd) Filing: 000166073215000001.
Analysis of Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd) Offering
On average, startups in the Pooled Investment Fund sector, sell 37.80 % pooled investment fund interests. Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd) sold 0.00 % of the offering. The average investment size is $24.76 million for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund industry sector. The total amount raised is 100.00 % smaller than the average for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund sector. 

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Fundraising $1m+Pooled Investment Fund



Champlain Equity Partners IIi  $3.00 million  Fundraising. Georges Sabongui  Published Dec 14  SEC form Jet Fund 1  Filing. Eddie Gant  Filed Dec 14  form D 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?





















Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (USD), L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (USD), L.P.  Funding details


Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (USD), L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001660725Address: C/O LION CAPITAL LLP 21 GROSVENOR PLACE LONDON SW1X 7HFPhone number: 44-20-7201-2200Former name: Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (USD), L.P., date of change: 2015-12-10



Latest news
Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (USD), L.P. raised $1,007,864,302 from 8 investors on 2016-12-14.



Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (USD), L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-07-17Amended Form D$2,250,000,000$1,038,423,256$1,211,576,744$0906b 3C 3C.1 3C.7[SEC Filing]The figures in Item 13 include amounts in respect of the Issuer's parallel entities.2016-12-14Amended Form D$2,250,000,000$1,007,864,302$1,242,135,698$0806b 3C 3C.1 3C.7[SEC Filing]The figures in Item 13 include amounts in respect of the Issuer's parallel entities.2015-12-14New Form D$2,250,000,000Yet To Sell$2,250,000,000$0006b 3C 3C.1 3C.7[SEC Filing]The figures in Item 13 include amounts in respect of the Issuer's parallel entities.
Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (USD), L.P. raised $1,038,423,256 in total.



Directors and Executives of Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (USD), L.P.
Key People in Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (USD), L.P.:

Simon BrownPatrick MayerLyndon LeaRobert DarwentJavier Ferran
Similar companiesLionheart L P, Lionstone Fund, LP, Lionstone Fund, Ltd., Lionstone Insurance Fund, LP, LionVista, LLC, LionHedge Paulson Advantage Plus Fund, L.P., LionHedge Paulson Recovery Fund, L.P., Lion Warrior Investments, LLC, LionHedge Paulson Advantage Plus Fund Ltd., LionHedge Paulson Recovery Fund Ltd., LION INDUSTRIAL TRUST, LionEye Fund LP








Last visited companies: Visante, Inc., Volt Athletics, Inc., WEVR, Inc., ZUMA BEACH ENTERTAINMENT INC, c7 Long-Short Fund LP

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Lion Capital


















Open Menu












                                Your browser does not support the video tag.
                            

WE ARELION CAPITAL
A consumer-focused investor passionate about investing in brands about which people are passionate.




LearnMore



Pause
Resume
Next










                                    Your browser does not support the video tag.
                                


We are dedicated to the consumer sector
“Our learning curve is significantly faster because of our prior experience.” – Javier Ferrán | Partner at Lion Capital




LearnMore



Pause
Resume
Next










                                    Your browser does not support the video tag.
                                


We believe in partnership not ownership
“On a weekly, on a daily basis, it feels more like a partnership. There’s a level of respect, I think that’s the key.” - William Kim | CEO Of AllSaints 




LearnMore



Pause
Resume
Next










                                    Your browser does not support the video tag.
                                


We Achieve Growth Through Building Strong Brands
“A lot of investors miss this. They don’t have a passion for their brands. We have a passion for what we’re investing in.” - Lyndon Lea | Partner at Lion Capital




LearnMore



Pause
Resume
Next







 
 






filters

reset


brands



Apparel & Accessories



AllSaints

American Apparel

Authentic Brands Group

Buscemi

Jimmy Choo

John Varvatos 




Food & Beverage



Ad van Geloven

Bumble Bee Foods

Findus Group

Grenade

Kettle Foods

Materne

Orangina Schweppes

Vaasan Group

Weetabix 




Personal Care



ghd

Perricone MD 




Retail



Alain Afflelou

Alex and Ani

AS Adventure Group

HEMA

Loungers

Picard

PittaRosso

Spence Diamonds

wagamama 






sources


facebook

instagram

twitter

news




popular searches


current brands

exited brands

Lion Capital News

Facebook + Food & Beverage

instagram + apparel

twitter + retail







INTRALINKS
                


Lion Capital LLP is a limited liability partnership incorporated in England (number OC308261) and its registered office is 21 Grosvenor Place, London, SW1X 7HF. Lion Capital LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Lion Capital LLP is a member of the BVCA and EVCA. Use of this website is subject to the terms and conditions which are accessed by clicking below. Please read these carefully. By proceeding, you are deemed to have accepted the terms and conditions governing the use of this website.

WALKER GUIDELINES SUPPORT
INVESTOR CODE OF CONDUCT
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRIVACY POLICY
SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT

© Copyright 2014, LION CAPITAL LLP. All rights reserved.

WALKER GUIDELINES SUPPORT

INFORMATION RELATED TO WALKER GUIDELINES
 Lion Capital LLP embraces the spirit of the Guidelines for Disclosure and Transparency in Private Equity as recommended by Sir David Walker (the “Guidelines”) and has made a commitment to conform to the recommendations and principles outlined in the Guidelines. This includes promoting conformity with the Guidelines (where relevant) on the part of those companies acquired by its Funds.
 Structure of Lion Capital LLP
 Lion Capital LLP is an English limited liability partnership authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority. It currently manages four funds structured as English limited partnerships, known as Lion Capital Fund I, Lion Capital Fund II, Lion Capital Fund III, and Lion Capital 2015 Fund (the “Funds”). 
History and Investment Approach 
  Please refer to the About and Approach sections within this website. Please also see the Brands section of this website, which contains case study examples of investments made by the Funds. Lion Capital is a long-term investor and, as such, normally holds its investments in companies over several years.
Investments in UK-based Companies 
  The Funds currently hold investments in the following companies that are headquartered or have significant operations in the United Kingdom. 
  Loungers
  Grenade
  Young’s Seafood
Leadership of Lion Capital 
  Lion Capital has an Operating Committee, chaired by Lyndon Lea as Managing Partner. The other members of the Operating Committee are Robert Darwent and Simon Brown. The Operating Committee directs the overall business of Lion Capital. In addition the Investment Committee, comprised of Lyndon Lea (Chair), Robert Darwent and Javier Ferran, makes all investment and divestment decisions in respect of the funds Lion Capital is responsible for managing and/or advising. Please refer to the About section within this website for biographical information on Lion’s senior management team.
 Conflicts of Interest
  Lion Capital LLP has established mechanisms for managing potential conflicts of interest that may arise in the course of its business undertakings (including those of the Funds). These procedures include, but are not limited to, the establishment of internal guidelines that are monitored by the firm’s Compliance Officer and external committees of third-party investors of the Funds for addressing certain potential conflicts related to investment activities.
 Responsible Communications 
  Lion Capital LLP commits, in accordance with the Guidelines, to ensuring timely and effective communication with employees, either directly or through any relevant portfolio company, in particular at the time of a strategic initiative or transaction involving a relevant portfolio company, as soon as confidentiality constraints cease to be applicable. Lion Capital LLP commits to employ industry-established guidelines in the valuation of assets acquired by the Funds.
 Lion Capital Investor Base 
  Over forty institutions have committed capital to the Lion Capital Funds, including some of the largest and most sophisticated institutional investors in the world.


 

  

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



INVESTOR CODE OF CONDUCT

Lion Capital LLP (“Lion Capital” or the “Firm”) is a responsible investment fund manager that strives to maintain the highest standards of integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business. The Firm encourages the furtherance of strong ethical and professional principles across all of its business activities, from its interactions with business owners and executives to its engagement of third-party advisors and its introduction to and ongoing partnership with institutions and individuals that commit capital to Lion Capital Sponsored Funds (“Investors”).
  Lion Capital acknowledges its obligations to its Investors and, in addition to applicable laws, rules and regulations that govern investment firms, Lion Capital has implemented this Code of Conduct (“Code of Conduct”) to set forth certain guiding principles governing its interactions with its Investors and other related matters. 
  This Code of Conduct sets forth the expected standard of ethical and legal behaviour applicable to all Lion Capital Executives, emphasises the necessity of adherence to the highest standards of compliance and regulation and imposes requirements relating to transparency and accountability. All Lion Capital Executives are signatories to this Code of Conduct, which supplements the Firm’s Compliance Manual. Breach of this Code of Conduct is a serious matter for any such person and may lead to disciplinary action and, ultimately, termination of their employment with or membership of the Firm, as applicable. 
  Given the variety and complexity of the arrangements relating to Lion Capital, its business, investments, Investors and other stakeholders, this Code of Conduct necessarily only serves as a guide to the principles to be applied in any particular scenario. In case of any doubt, personnel should seek advice from the Firm’s Compliance Officer (Richard Lewis) or Lyndon Lea to ensure their actions comply with both the letter and spirit of this Code of Conduct.
  Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined, have the meanings given in Section 7.
 Section 1: Conflicts of Interest
  Lion Capital holds itself to the highest standard of conduct with respect to its interactions with Investors. In furtherance of this goal, Lion Capital prohibits activities which may contribute to or do not adequately address any conflict of interest between itself and its Investors. 
  Specifically, Lion Capital will not engage in:
  - “revolving door” employment practices with respect to former employees of its Investors, to include employing or compensating in any way any executive, employee or fiduciary of an Investor for two years after termination of such person’s relationship with the Investor;
  - the pursuit of any direct or indirect financial, commercial or business relationship with any Investor official, executive, employee or fiduciary, an employee or fiduciary of an investment adviser or consultant to an Investor, or any Relatives of such persons;
  - the extension of improper gifts to Investor officials, executives, employees or fiduciaries in breach of section 4 of this Code;
  - the misuse of confidential information supplied by Investors, but will use every effort to protect all sensitive or confidential Investor information and will use such information only for performing the services for which Lion Capital has been engaged.
  Lion Capital is mindful of conflicts that may arise between itself and its Sponsored Funds and complies with both the governing agreements of these Funds in this regard and the regulatory rules and principles applicable to the Firm and its personnel.
  All Executives are obliged to disclose to the Compliance Officer any material transaction or relationship that could give rise to a conflict of interest and may not enter into any such transaction unless and until it has been approved by the Firm. 
  Personal dealing and conflicts of interests are also specifically addressed by the Firm’s Compliance Manual.
 Section 2: Use of Third Parties to Secure Investor Commitments
  Lion Capital has used and is likely to continue to retain third parties in an advisory and/or fund-raising capacity to assist it in raising funds (“Placement Agents”). When engaging a Placement Agent, Lion Capital will enter into a written contract that specifies the scope of services to be performed and the fee arrangement. In addition, Lion Capital will only engage Placement Agents who adhere to (i) the European Private Equity and Venture Capital Association Placement Agents Supplementary Code of Conduct, dated June 2009, as the same may be amended from time to time (the “EVCA Code”) and (ii) this Code of Conduct insofar as it pertains to Placement Agents. 
  A. General Placement Agent Standards 
  Lion Capital will only retain a Placement Agent that:
  - is registered and/or authorised with, and regulated by, as applicable, appropriate regulatory bodies in each jurisdiction in which it undertakes regulated activities; 
  - possesses the licenses or certifications required by legal, governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organisations to which the Placement Agent or its representatives are subject;
  - is in the habitual, systematised business of soliciting capital commitments from prospective Investors; and
  - operates in an environment with established compliance and oversight processes.
  Furthermore, Lion Capital will only engage a Placement Agent that:
  - maintains high standards of probity, integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business;
  - performs reasonable due diligence in respect of potential Investors commensurate with the scope of its engagement;
  - does not make or offer to make any payments or provide other consideration or benefit directly or indirectly with a view to inducing a prospective Investor to enter into contractual negotiations with Sponsored Funds; and
  - employs appropriately qualified staff, authorised and supervised commensurate with the capacity in which they are employed and the jurisdictions in which they operate.
  B. Restrictions on Placement Agents with Respect to Public Pension Funds
  Lion Capital will not directly or indirectly hire, engage, utilise, retain or compensate any person or entity, including but not limited to any Placement Agent, lobbyist, Solicitor, intermediary or consultant, to directly or indirectly communicate for any purpose with any official, executive, employee or fiduciary of a Public Pension Fund in connection with any transaction or investment between Lion Capital and the Public Pension Fund where to do so would violate, or would cause Lion Capital or any of its Executives to violate, any laws, rules, regulations, policy statements or codes of conduct applicable to any such Public Pension Fund. Where appropriate this restriction shall include but shall not be limited to:
  - introducing, finding, referring, facilitating, arranging, expediting, fostering or establishing a relationship with, or obtaining access to a Public Pension Fund.
  - soliciting an investment from a Public Pension Fund; or
  - influencing or attempting to influence the outcome of any investment or other financial decision by a Public Pension Fund.
  For further clarity, the foregoing restrictions do not apply to:
  - any Executive of Lion Capital who is acting within the scope of his or her normal professional duties on behalf of Lion Capital;
  - any person or entity whose sole basis of compensation from Lion Capital is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance that is unrelated to any solicitation, introduction, finding, or referral of clients to Lion Capital or the brokering, fostering, establishing or maintaining of a relationship between Lion Capital and a Public Pension Fund; or
  - lobbying of a government or legislature on issues unrelated to investment or other financial decisions by Public Pension Funds or their Advisors.
 Section 3: Restrictions on Campaign Contributions and Solicitations 
  Lion Capital’s policies on campaign contributions and solicitations are designed to (i) protect the integrity of Lion Capital’s fundraising activities pertaining to its Sponsored Funds by avoiding conflicts or the appearance thereof with politically connected Investors, (ii) prevent any Lion Capital Executive from attributing their personal political activities to Lion Capital and (iii) ensure that Lion Capital complies with applicable restrictions and limits on political contributions and gifts made by employees to any officeholders, candidates for office, and political action committees throughout the world. 
  In connection with the foregoing principles, Lion Capital does not make (nor encourage any Lion Capital Executive to make) Contributions to Officials and Public Pension Fund Officials. Any Lion Capital Executive wishing to make such a contribution privately must have this pre-cleared with the Compliance Officer.
  Lion Capital Executives engaged in personal political activity (e.g., election campaign work, solicitation of contributions), that are not prohibited by this Code of Conduct, must not attribute such activity to Lion Capital. Lion Capital’s name, facilities, property and resources (including e-mails) may not be used in connection with political activities.
  Contributions to any political organisation must be disclosed to, and approved by, the Compliance Officer. 
  New Executives of Lion Capital will be required to disclose to the Compliance Officer all Contributions to any political organisation made by such Executive within two years prior to joining Lion Capital or such longer period of time as may be determined by the Compliance Officer.
 Section 4: Gifts and Business Entertainment 
  It is the general policy of Lion Capital to not provide any of its Investors or prospective Investors with Gifts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood that Lion Capital may hold periodic meetings of (i) some or all of its Investors or (ii) members of its Funds’ Investor Advisory Boards (or equivalent bodies) and attendees at such meetings may receive meals, accommodation, refreshments, participation in customary business-related activities (e.g., a round of golf) and Portfolio Company or Lion Capital branded items (such items limited to a value of $100 in each case). 
  In addition to the foregoing, Lion Capital may provide Business Entertainment to certain Investors (such as individual Investors) who are not subject to the same conflicts of interest considerations as other Investors. Any such entertainment above a de minimis value must be approved by the Compliance Officer. While any Business Entertainment provided to such Investors must be in accordance with the spirit of this Code, it is recognised that such Investors are not subject to the same constraints as individuals who themselves are subject to fiduciary obligations. Nonetheless, no Gift which is (or may be construed as) not customary business practice, or the purpose of which is to gain an unfair business advantage, shall be given or received by the Firm or any Executive. 
 Section 5: Disclosures to Investors or Prospective Investors 
  Upon request by any Lion Capital Investor, Lion will disclose all relevant information related to its engagement of Placement Agents and the qualifications of its Executives engaged in the solicitation of Investor commitments. Lion Capital will also provide a prospective Investor with the same information during such prospective Investor’s due diligence process, subject to such prospective Investor agreeing to customary confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements. 
 Section 6: Education and Training 
  All Lion Capital Executives must sign this Code of Conduct as an affirmation of their commitment to the standards and principles detailed within. Lion Capital will train all new relevant Executives on the requirements set out in the Code within a reasonable time of their joining of the Firm. On an annual basis, the Compliance Officer shall review the requirements set out within this Code with all of the Firm’s Executives and require a certification from each Executive attesting to their completion of the review.
 
 Section 7: Selected Definitions 
  “Business Entertainment” means meals, sporting, theatre, concert and other events requiring tickets, travel, accommodation, conferences and other forms of ordinary course entertainment. 
  “Compliance Officer” means the designated Compliance Officer of Lion Capital or any other member who performs the functions of a compliance officer. 
  “Contribution” means any gift, subscription, loan, advance, or deposit of money or anything of value made for: 
  (i) The purpose of influencing any election for office;
 (ii) Payment of debt incurred in connection with any such election; or
  (iii) Transition or inaugural expenses of the successful candidate for any such election.“Covered Person” means any person or entity that does business with or potentially could conduct business with or on behalf of Lion Capital and includes without limitation Lion Capital’s investors, portfolio companies, vendors, service providers, law firms, investment banks, broker dealers, accounting firms and consultants.
  “Executive” means any partner, member, employee or other officer of the Firm. 
  “Gift” means any object, services, or other item of value (including tickets to an event unless the donor and recipient both attend the event) given or received by an Executive to or from a Covered Person.
  “Government Entity” means a country or a state, or political subdivision of such country or state, including: 
  (i) Any agency, authority, or instrumentality of the country or state or a political subdivision of such;
 (ii) Plan or pools of assets controlled by the country or state or a political subdivision of such or any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof; and
  (iii) Officers, agents, or employees of the country or state or political subdivision of such or any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof, acting in their official capacity.
  “Lobbying” shall mean, for the purposes of this Code of Conduct, any attempt to directly or indirectly influence a determination by a (1) Public Pension Fund Official, (2) Official, (3) any fiduciary of a Public Pension Fund, (4) Public Pension Fund Advisor, or (5) any other person or entity working in cooperation with any of the above, related to a procurement of investment management or advisory services by a Public Pension Fund, including without limitation a determination by a Public Pension Fund to place an investment with the Firm
  “Official” means any person (including any election committee for the person) who was, at the time of a Contribution, an incumbent, candidate or successful candidate: 
  (i) For an elective office of a Government Entity, if the office is directly or indirectly responsible for, or can directly influence the outcome of, the Public Pension Fund’s investment with or engagement of the Firm; or 
 (ii) For any elective office of a Government Entity, if the office has authority to appoint any person who is directly or indirectly responsible for, or can directly influence the outcome of, the Public Pension Fund’s investment with or engagement of the Firm.Communication with an Official includes communications with the employees and advisors of such Official.
  “Placement Agent” means any third party intermediary that is directly or indirectly hired, engaged, utilised, retained or compensated (regardless of whether upon a fixed, contingent or any other basis) or otherwise given any other tangible or intangible item or benefit having monetary value by the Firm for facilitating the placement of an investment in a Sponsored Fund. A Placement Agent does not include a bona fide Executive or any person whose sole basis of compensation from the Firm is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance unrelated to soliciting, introducing, finding, or referring clients to the Firm or attempting to influence in any way an existing or potential investment in or business relationship with the Firm.
  “Public Pension Fund” means any retirement plan established or maintained for its employees (current or former) by the government of any country or political subdivision thereof, or by any agency or instrumentality of any of the foregoing.
  “Public Pension Fund Advisor” means any external firm or individual engaged by a Public Pension Fund to assist in the selection of investments or investment management or advisory services for the Public Pension Fund.
  “Public Pension Fund Official” means any elected or appointed trustee or other official, staff member or employee whose official duties involve responsibility for a Public Pension Fund.
  “Relative” means a person related by blood or affinity (including a domestic partner) who resides in the same household. A person adopted into a family is considered a relative on the same basis as a natural born family member.
  “Solicitor” means any person or entity who in any way, directly or indirectly, solicits, finds, introduces or refers any client to the Firm, including without limitation any intermediary, consultant, broker, introducer, referrer, finder, public- or government-relations expert, or marketer. A Solicitor does not include any bona fide Executive or any person whose sole basis of compensation from the Firm is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance that is unrelated to any solicitation, introduction, finding, or referral of clients to the Firm or the brokering, fostering, establishing or maintaining a relationship between the Firm and a Public Pension Fund.
  “Sponsored Fund” means an investment fund sponsored, managed or advised by the Firm or its affiliate.<



TERMS & CONDITIONS

These Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) apply to the entire contents of this website under the domain name www.lioncapital.com (the “Website”). The Website is owned and operated by Lion Capital LLP (registered number OC308261) whose registered office is at 21 Grosvenor Place, London, SW1X 7HF (“Lion Capital”, also referred to as “our”, “we” or “us”). Lion Capital LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Lion Capital LLP is a member of the BVCA and EVCA. Please read the Terms and Conditions below carefully before using this Website. By using or visiting this Website you accept and agree to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions, do not use this Website.
 1 Introduction
  1.1 These Terms and Conditions, and the additional policy referenced below, (together the “Terms”) set-out how you may make use of the Website, whether as a guest or as a user registered to access secure areas of the Website, and what personal data Lion Capital may collect about you, and how and for what purpose Lion Capital may process data about you. 
  1.2 Our additional policy includes our {Privacy Policy link} which sets-out the terms on which Lion Capital processes any personal data which we collect from you, or that you produce to us. It also sets-out information about and the terms on which cookies are used on the Website. By using the Website, you also confirm that you have accepted the terms of this policy. The definitions used in these Terms and Conditions are also used in the abovementioned policy. 
  1.3 Lion Capital may revise the Terms at any time by amending the same. You should check the Website from time to time to review the current Terms, because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this Website.
 2 Intellectual Property Rights
  2.1 The contents of this Website are protected by international copyright laws and other intellectual property rights.
  2.2 The owner of these intellectual property rights is Lion Capital, its affiliates or other third parties. All such rights are reserved.
  2.3 All product and company names and logos mentioned on this Website are the trade marks, service marks or trading names of their respective owners, including us. Nothing on this Website shall be interpreted as granting any licence or right to use any image, trade mark, logo or service mark on the Website. 
  2.4 You are permitted to print and download extracts from this Website only for your personal reference, and only provided that:
  • no digital or hard copy documents or graphics present on this Website are modified or copied in any way;
  • no graphics on this Website are used separately from accompanying text; and
  • the status of Lion Capital (and that of any identified contributors) as the author of any material on this Website is always acknowledged by you.
  2.5 Other than as detailed in clause 2.4 of these Terms and Conditions, any commercial use or exploitation of this Website or its content is strictly prohibited. No part of this Website may be reproduced or stored, modified, copied, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed, by any means or in any manner, or included in any other website or in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service including but not limited to text, graphics, video, messages, code and/or software without our express prior written consent.
  2.6 Copying or downloading material from this Website does not transfer title to any material on this Website to you. Anything transmitted to this Website by you becomes Lion Capital’s property and may be used by us for any lawful purpose.
  2.7 You must not use this Website or the information and graphics on the Website in any way which infringes Lion Capital’s or any third party’s intellectual property rights.
  2.8 If in our reasonable opinion you have breached or are breaching any of the Terms, your permission to use this Website automatically terminates, we have the right to disable your user account and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed extracts from this Website.
 3 Access
  3.1 While Lion Capital endeavours to ensure that the Website is available 24 hours a day, Lion Capital shall not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time, for any period or for any reason. We reserve the right to make changes or corrections, alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Website, the content or services or products available through it, including your access to it.
  3.2 Lion Capital reserves the right to restrict certain areas of information accessible via the Website to our approved, registered users. If any area of the Website requires you to register with us, then we may accept or refuse your application for registration (in our absolute discretion). You agree to provide at all times truthful and accurate information in applying to register to use the Website and using any registration granted. Your registration will not be transferable and you are solely responsible for any activity which occurs on or through your user name, password or account, whether or not authorised by you and for keeping secure and confidential such details. You must not disclose your account’s user name or password (or other login details) to any third party. You must change your password immediately if you believe that your registration may have been used without your authorisation, and you must inform us of the same at info@lioncapital.com.
  3.3 We will keep your account’s user name and password confidential and it will only be used to support your relationship with Lion Capital. Lion Capital will not disclose or sell that information outside its corporate group, except in connection with the proposed or actual sale of the whole or part of Lion Capital’s business.
  3.4 You acknowledge that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws and regulations that may affect your access to this Website. This Website is not directed at any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this Website is prohibited or restricted, or which would subject Lion Capital to any regulatory or other requirements within such jurisdiction. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions or restrictions apply must not access the other pages on this Website or distribute any materials on the Website to other persons within any such restricted jurisdiction. 
  3.5 Lion Capital reserves the right to terminate your access to the Website at any time without notice.
 4 Acceptable Use
  4.1 You may not: (i) copy, reproduce, reverse engineer, distribute, publish, display, perform, modify, upload any information from, transmit, or in any way exploit the whole or any part of this Website; or (ii) use this Website in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent; or (iii) use the whole or any part of this Website for any public or commercial purpose or in any way exploit the whole or any part of the Website without the prior written permission of Lion Capital. 
  4.2 Information posted on the Website may be accessible to third parties by means of the internet or otherwise. Please do not transmit any confidential information to or through the Website. You acknowledge that communications transmitted by means of the Website are public and not private communications. 
  4.3 You must not use the Website for any unlawful or fraudulent purposes. You must not misuse our Website by introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. In particular, you must not access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt the Website or any part of it; any equipment or network on which the Website is stored; any software used in connection with the provision of the Website; or any equipment, software or website owned or used by a third party. You must not attack our Website via a denial-of-service attack.
  4.4 We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
  4.5 Without prejudice to its other rights or remedies, Lion Capital reserves the right to take legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs or losses (on an indemnity basis) resulting from your breach of this clause 4, and to disclose such information to law enforcement agencies as Lion Capital reasonably believes is necessary.
 5 Disclaimer
  5.1 While Lion Capital endeavours to ensure that the information on this Website is correct, Lion Capital does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the material on this Website or that such material is up to date. Lion Capital is under no obligation to update such material. The Website may contain typographical errors or other inaccuracies. Lion Capital disclaims all liability arising from your use of or reference to any third party content displayed on the Website, or the content of third party websites and resources with respect to which links are provided on the Website (“Third Party Material”).
  5.2 The material on this Website is provided “as is”, without any conditions, warranties or other terms of any kind. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Lion Capital provides you with this Website on the basis that Lion Capital excludes all representations, express or implied warranties, conditions and other terms which but for these Terms and Conditions might have effect in relation to this Website.
  5.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although Lion Capital will use its commercially reasonable efforts to protect your information, it cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to the Website; any transmission is at your own risk.
  5.4 The content of this Website is provided for general information only. No legal, investment or tax advice is being given on this Website. Nothing on this Website should be construed as any offer or invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any investment(s) or to provide any investment services.
  5.5 Lion Capital does not warrant that the Website is secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for ensuring that you have adequate virus protection software in place. 
 6 Liability
  6.1 Commentary and other materials posted on our Website are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. Lion Capital and its respective partners, officers, members, employees and advisers shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive, exemplary or consequential loss or any other damages or loss, nor for any loss of revenue, profit, business opportunity or business interruption, data, goodwill, reputation or anticipated savings suffered by any person as a result of reliance on a statement or omission on, or the use of, this Website. You should independently verify any information before relying on it.
  6.2 Where the Website contains Third Party Material, which is provided for your information only and you use such Third Party Material at your own risk. Lion Capital has no control over the Third Party Material (including any third parties’ data protection or privacy policies), and accepts no responsibility for the Third Party Material or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of or reference to the same, whether actual or consequential. The inclusion of the Third Party Material on the Website does not constitute an endorsement of those third parties’ websites, products or services. 
  6.3 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude or limit Lion Capital’s liability for:
  • death or personal injury caused by negligence (as such term is defined by the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977); or
  • fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or
  • any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law, including the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.
  6.4 To the extent permitted by law, Lion Capital excludes all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to the Website and the Website’s content whether express or implied.
 7 Confidentiality
  You agree that the data and information contained in, or accessible from, this Website have been prepared on a confidential basis solely for the benefit of selected investors. You agree to keep such information confidential (except to the extent otherwise agreed with us in writing).
 8 Trade Marks
  Lion Capital and the Lion Capital logos are registered trade marks of Lion Capital. 
 9 Breach
  Without prejudice to its other rights or remedies, Lion Capital reserves the right to take legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs or losses (on an indemnity basis) resulting from your breach of these Terms, and to disclose such information to law enforcement agencies as Lion Capital reasonably believes is necessary.
 10 Severability
  If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you agree that the other provisions of the Terms will remain in full force and effect in so far as possible.
 11 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
  The Terms are governed by and are to be construed in accordance with English law. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Terms.



PRIVACY POLICY

1 Introduction
  1.1 Lion Capital takes the protection of your privacy and personal data seriously. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather online about you when you visit the Website, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, that information. By using the Website, you consent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not use the Website.
  1.2 Please note that the definitions used in this Privacy Policy are defined in the {Terms and Conditions link}
  1.3 For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is Lion Capital LLP (registered number OC308261) of 21 Grosvenor Place, London, SW1X 7HF with data controller registration number Z1932831.
  1.4 Our nominated representative for the purpose of the Act is Lion Capital’s Compliance Office and Company Secretary, Richard Lewis.
 2 Information we may collect from you
  Lion Capital may collect and process the following data about you:
  • technical information: this will include information such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information (if appropriate), browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; 
  • information about your visit: this will including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Website (including date and time); page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page; 
  • personal information including name and email addresses as may be provided by you by email or telephone when contacting us or creating user profiles; and
  • statistical information about your visit to the Website including the pages you visited and which browsers are used to visit the Website.
 3 Use of information
  3.1 Lion Capital may use information held about you in the following ways:
  • to administer the Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
  • to improve the Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; and
  • as part of our efforts to keep the Website safe and secure.
  3.2 At times, we may utilise e-mail and your personal information to provide you with information that you have requested. 
 4 Disclosure
  4.1 Lion Capital may share your personal information with:
  • any member of the Lion Capital group, which means Lion Capital, our subsidiaries as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006, the general partner of any fund managed or advised by us or our subsidiaries and such general partner’s subsidiaries;
  • members and employees of the Lion Capital group; 
  • affiliates of Lion Capital; and
  • analytics, platform and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Website, including Intralinks. 
  4.2 Lion Capital may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
  • in the event that it sells or buys any business or assets, in which case it may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets or their advisors; 
  • if Lion Capital or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it, including about its investors will be one of the transferred assets; and
  • if it is under a duty to disclose or share your personal data by law or in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply the {Terms and Conditions link}, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Lion Capital.
  4.3 The personally identifiable information that you provide to us may be accessed by (or given to) our staff working outside the UK and the third parties referred to above, some of whom may be located outside the European Economic Area. Countries outside the European Economic Area may not necessarily have adequate data protection laws. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The personal data that we collect from you will be retained for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information was collected or as required by law.
 5 Where we store your personal data
  If you have a password to access secure areas of this Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. This password must not be shared with any third party. 
 6 Your rights
  The Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that Lion Capital does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. We suggest that you carefully review the {Terms and Conditions link} of use, and privacy policies, of each website that you visit before you submit any personal data to these websites. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of those websites linked to from our Website. Other websites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
 7 Access to information
  The Act gives you the right to access information we hold about you. You may exercise your right under the Act to access such information. We will request a fee of £10 to cover our administration costs in providing such information that we hold about you to you.
 8 Protection
  Lion Capital acknowledges your trust and is committed to protecting the information you provide us. Whilst we cannot guarantee the security of your information at all times, in order to prevent unauthorised access, maintain accuracy, and ensure proper use of information, we have employed physical, electronic, and managerial processes to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Any information that you give us is protected by a password for added security. Within our Website, your information is stored in password-protected, limited-access servers. Our servers reside behind a corporate firewall that maintains tight controls on any access to the system from both our internal network and the internet. 
 9 Changes to our Privacy Policy
  Lion Capital may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. You should check the Website from time to time to review the current Privacy Policy because it is binding on you.
 10 Cookies
  10.1 By using the Website with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies you consent to our use of cookies on the Website, which include Google Analytics cookies. We will be using Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use our Website, and we will use this information to improve the Website. These cookies collect information in an anonymous form, and such information includes the number of visitors to the Website, where visitors have come from before visiting the Website and the pages they visit. To learn more about what cookies are set on your computer as you browse the internet and how to manage or delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
  10.2 A cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores on your computer. Cookies allow your browser to remember some specific information which the web server can later retrieve and use. We do not use cookies to store any personal information that could be read or understood by others.
  10.3 We use cookies primarily for administrative purposes, to improve your experience with our Website. We only use cookies to capture anonymous analytics to improve your experience of the Website and its performance. This includes compiling statistical information concerning, among other things, the frequency of use of our Website, the pages visited, and the length of each visit, as well as information about your computer, operating system, browser, language, and country.
 11 Terms and Conditions
  Use of the Website is subject to our {Terms and Conditions link}
 12 Contact
  If you have any questions or requests in relation to this Privacy Policy, please can you address these to Richard Lewis (Compliance Office and Company Secretary) at richard.lewis@lioncapital.com.
 13 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
 
  This Privacy Policy is governed by and is to be construed in accordance with English law. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Privacy Policy.



SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT

SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 54, PART 6 OF THE MODERN SLAVERY ACT 2015 (the “Act”)
  This statement relates to the financial year ended 31 December 2016 and sets out the steps that Lion Capital LLP (“Lion Capital”, the “Firm” or “we”) has taken and intends to take to ensure that slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in its business or supply chains.
Our structure, business and supply chains
  The Firm is a global consumer-focused investor, with offices in London and Los Angeles. The Firm provides investment management services to various investment funds established in the United Kingdom (the “Funds”), which focus on making investments in Europe and North America. 
  As a private equity investor, our immediate supply chain is relatively short, consisting mainly of professional services firms. 
  The Funds that we manage invest in a number of portfolio companies. Though these portfolio companies do not form part of the Firm’s supply chain, we are committed to taking steps to confirm that each portfolio company’s management team understands any responsibilities it has under the Act and the need for it to put in place its own effective controls and training to protect against modern slavery being present in its own business and supply chains.
  To this end, we have written to the management of those portfolio companies that we consider may be subject to the Act, to ensure that they understand their obligations under the Act. In addition, we have representation on each portfolio company board and, although not a standing agenda item, ensuring compliance with the Act and limiting the risk of modern slavery and human trafficking taking place in their business and supply chains remains a key consideration of the companies’ boards. 
Policy Statement
  In pursuit of best-in-class approach, Lion Capital is a signatory of the six UN supported Principles for Responsible Investment. The Firm is a responsible investment fund manager that strives to maintain the highest standards of integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business. Lion Capital expects all of its portfolio companies and employees to comply with ESG-related legislation at a local, national and international level, including but not limited to applicable environmental, health and safety, anti-bribery and corruption and human rights legislation. 
  Lion Capital portfolio companies are actively involved in a collaboration project (“Not for Sale”) which raises awareness about human trafficking and, as an active board member of “Not for Sale”, in 2016 Lion Capital has promoted the prevention of human trafficking at various investor meetings and conferences.
Our approach to due diligence
  As part of the Firm’s standard investment due diligence process, Lion employs external advisers to conduct site visits, management interviews and public searches to diagnose any potential environmental/social liabilities, and ensure portfolio company compliance with Lion’s philosophy in these areas. At the point that a Fund acquires a portfolio
 company, we ensure that such portfolio company’s management team is aware of their potential obligations under the Act.
  We do not consider that the relationships within our immediate supply chain give rise to material risks in this area. However, we will be requiring key suppliers to confirm that their activities accord with the requirements of the Act. 
  We also have a dedicated Compliance Officer, who oversees the above process.
Training
  The Firm has provided details of this policy to all relevant staff. We ensure that all employees, on joining the Firm and periodically thereafter, review and familiarise themselves with the Firm’s policies to ensure that they can identify situations where there is a risk of modern slavery or human trafficking.
Further steps
  Additional steps that we intend to take in order to ensure that modern slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in our business or supply chains are:

to develop and enhance existing policies (if any) or create new policies relating to slavery and human trafficking, in order to provide a framework for identifying and monitoring activities within our business and supply chains that may be in breach of such policies; 
to review our due diligence processes to ensure that they comply with our policies on slavery and human trafficking; and
to review current training provided in respect of our policies and their implementation and ensure the applicable level of training is delivered to employees so that they are more effective in identifying the existence or risk of slavery and human trafficking as part of the investment due diligence process.

  This statement is made in accordance with section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes Lion Capital LLP’s slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ended 31 December 2016. It has been endorsed by the Operating Committee on behalf of the Firm. 
 Robert Darwent
 Designated Member
 30 June 2017



Did you know that there is a newer version of your Internet Browser available?

Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website.
A list of the most poplar web browsers can be found below.
Just click on the icons to get to the download page





Chrome 36





Firefox 30





Internet Explorer 11





Opera 22





Safari 7




Close Window










Log in









Forgot Password?











Forgot Password




































WALKER GUIDELINES SUPPORT

INFORMATION RELATED TO WALKER GUIDELINES
 Lion Capital LLP embraces the spirit of the Guidelines for Disclosure and Transparency in Private Equity as recommended by Sir David Walker (the “Guidelines”) and has made a commitment to conform to the recommendations and principles outlined in the Guidelines. This includes promoting conformity with the Guidelines (where relevant) on the part of those companies acquired by its Funds.
 Structure of Lion Capital LLP
 Lion Capital LLP is an English limited liability partnership authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority. It currently manages four funds structured as English limited partnerships, known as Lion Capital Fund I, Lion Capital Fund II, Lion Capital Fund III, and Lion Capital 2015 Fund (the “Funds”). 
History and Investment Approach 
  Please refer to the About and Approach sections within this website. Please also see the Brands section of this website, which contains case study examples of investments made by the Funds. Lion Capital is a long-term investor and, as such, normally holds its investments in companies over several years.
Investments in UK-based Companies 
  The Funds currently hold investments in the following companies that are headquartered or have significant operations in the United Kingdom. 
  Loungers
  Grenade
  Young’s Seafood
Leadership of Lion Capital 
  Lion Capital has an Operating Committee, chaired by Lyndon Lea as Managing Partner. The other members of the Operating Committee are Robert Darwent and Simon Brown. The Operating Committee directs the overall business of Lion Capital. In addition the Investment Committee, comprised of Lyndon Lea (Chair), Robert Darwent and Javier Ferran, makes all investment and divestment decisions in respect of the funds Lion Capital is responsible for managing and/or advising. Please refer to the About section within this website for biographical information on Lion’s senior management team.
 Conflicts of Interest
  Lion Capital LLP has established mechanisms for managing potential conflicts of interest that may arise in the course of its business undertakings (including those of the Funds). These procedures include, but are not limited to, the establishment of internal guidelines that are monitored by the firm’s Compliance Officer and external committees of third-party investors of the Funds for addressing certain potential conflicts related to investment activities.
 Responsible Communications 
  Lion Capital LLP commits, in accordance with the Guidelines, to ensuring timely and effective communication with employees, either directly or through any relevant portfolio company, in particular at the time of a strategic initiative or transaction involving a relevant portfolio company, as soon as confidentiality constraints cease to be applicable. Lion Capital LLP commits to employ industry-established guidelines in the valuation of assets acquired by the Funds.
 Lion Capital Investor Base 
  Over forty institutions have committed capital to the Lion Capital Funds, including some of the largest and most sophisticated institutional investors in the world.


 

  

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



INVESTOR CODE OF CONDUCT

Lion Capital LLP (“Lion Capital” or the “Firm”) is a responsible investment fund manager that strives to maintain the highest standards of integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business. The Firm encourages the furtherance of strong ethical and professional principles across all of its business activities, from its interactions with business owners and executives to its engagement of third-party advisors and its introduction to and ongoing partnership with institutions and individuals that commit capital to Lion Capital Sponsored Funds (“Investors”).
  Lion Capital acknowledges its obligations to its Investors and, in addition to applicable laws, rules and regulations that govern investment firms, Lion Capital has implemented this Code of Conduct (“Code of Conduct”) to set forth certain guiding principles governing its interactions with its Investors and other related matters. 
  This Code of Conduct sets forth the expected standard of ethical and legal behaviour applicable to all Lion Capital Executives, emphasises the necessity of adherence to the highest standards of compliance and regulation and imposes requirements relating to transparency and accountability. All Lion Capital Executives are signatories to this Code of Conduct, which supplements the Firm’s Compliance Manual. Breach of this Code of Conduct is a serious matter for any such person and may lead to disciplinary action and, ultimately, termination of their employment with or membership of the Firm, as applicable. 
  Given the variety and complexity of the arrangements relating to Lion Capital, its business, investments, Investors and other stakeholders, this Code of Conduct necessarily only serves as a guide to the principles to be applied in any particular scenario. In case of any doubt, personnel should seek advice from the Firm’s Compliance Officer (Richard Lewis) or Lyndon Lea to ensure their actions comply with both the letter and spirit of this Code of Conduct.
  Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined, have the meanings given in Section 7.
 Section 1: Conflicts of Interest
  Lion Capital holds itself to the highest standard of conduct with respect to its interactions with Investors. In furtherance of this goal, Lion Capital prohibits activities which may contribute to or do not adequately address any conflict of interest between itself and its Investors. 
  Specifically, Lion Capital will not engage in:
  - “revolving door” employment practices with respect to former employees of its Investors, to include employing or compensating in any way any executive, employee or fiduciary of an Investor for two years after termination of such person’s relationship with the Investor;
  - the pursuit of any direct or indirect financial, commercial or business relationship with any Investor official, executive, employee or fiduciary, an employee or fiduciary of an investment adviser or consultant to an Investor, or any Relatives of such persons;
  - the extension of improper gifts to Investor officials, executives, employees or fiduciaries in breach of section 4 of this Code;
  - the misuse of confidential information supplied by Investors, but will use every effort to protect all sensitive or confidential Investor information and will use such information only for performing the services for which Lion Capital has been engaged.
  Lion Capital is mindful of conflicts that may arise between itself and its Sponsored Funds and complies with both the governing agreements of these Funds in this regard and the regulatory rules and principles applicable to the Firm and its personnel.
  All Executives are obliged to disclose to the Compliance Officer any material transaction or relationship that could give rise to a conflict of interest and may not enter into any such transaction unless and until it has been approved by the Firm. 
  Personal dealing and conflicts of interests are also specifically addressed by the Firm’s Compliance Manual.
 Section 2: Use of Third Parties to Secure Investor Commitments
  Lion Capital has used and is likely to continue to retain third parties in an advisory and/or fund-raising capacity to assist it in raising funds (“Placement Agents”). When engaging a Placement Agent, Lion Capital will enter into a written contract that specifies the scope of services to be performed and the fee arrangement. In addition, Lion Capital will only engage Placement Agents who adhere to (i) the European Private Equity and Venture Capital Association Placement Agents Supplementary Code of Conduct, dated June 2009, as the same may be amended from time to time (the “EVCA Code”) and (ii) this Code of Conduct insofar as it pertains to Placement Agents. 
  A. General Placement Agent Standards 
  Lion Capital will only retain a Placement Agent that:
  - is registered and/or authorised with, and regulated by, as applicable, appropriate regulatory bodies in each jurisdiction in which it undertakes regulated activities; 
  - possesses the licenses or certifications required by legal, governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organisations to which the Placement Agent or its representatives are subject;
  - is in the habitual, systematised business of soliciting capital commitments from prospective Investors; and
  - operates in an environment with established compliance and oversight processes.
  Furthermore, Lion Capital will only engage a Placement Agent that:
  - maintains high standards of probity, integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business;
  - performs reasonable due diligence in respect of potential Investors commensurate with the scope of its engagement;
  - does not make or offer to make any payments or provide other consideration or benefit directly or indirectly with a view to inducing a prospective Investor to enter into contractual negotiations with Sponsored Funds; and
  - employs appropriately qualified staff, authorised and supervised commensurate with the capacity in which they are employed and the jurisdictions in which they operate.
  B. Restrictions on Placement Agents with Respect to Public Pension Funds
  Lion Capital will not directly or indirectly hire, engage, utilise, retain or compensate any person or entity, including but not limited to any Placement Agent, lobbyist, Solicitor, intermediary or consultant, to directly or indirectly communicate for any purpose with any official, executive, employee or fiduciary of a Public Pension Fund in connection with any transaction or investment between Lion Capital and the Public Pension Fund where to do so would violate, or would cause Lion Capital or any of its Executives to violate, any laws, rules, regulations, policy statements or codes of conduct applicable to any such Public Pension Fund. Where appropriate this restriction shall include but shall not be limited to:
  - introducing, finding, referring, facilitating, arranging, expediting, fostering or establishing a relationship with, or obtaining access to a Public Pension Fund.
  - soliciting an investment from a Public Pension Fund; or
  - influencing or attempting to influence the outcome of any investment or other financial decision by a Public Pension Fund.
  For further clarity, the foregoing restrictions do not apply to:
  - any Executive of Lion Capital who is acting within the scope of his or her normal professional duties on behalf of Lion Capital;
  - any person or entity whose sole basis of compensation from Lion Capital is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance that is unrelated to any solicitation, introduction, finding, or referral of clients to Lion Capital or the brokering, fostering, establishing or maintaining of a relationship between Lion Capital and a Public Pension Fund; or
  - lobbying of a government or legislature on issues unrelated to investment or other financial decisions by Public Pension Funds or their Advisors.
 Section 3: Restrictions on Campaign Contributions and Solicitations 
  Lion Capital’s policies on campaign contributions and solicitations are designed to (i) protect the integrity of Lion Capital’s fundraising activities pertaining to its Sponsored Funds by avoiding conflicts or the appearance thereof with politically connected Investors, (ii) prevent any Lion Capital Executive from attributing their personal political activities to Lion Capital and (iii) ensure that Lion Capital complies with applicable restrictions and limits on political contributions and gifts made by employees to any officeholders, candidates for office, and political action committees throughout the world. 
  In connection with the foregoing principles, Lion Capital does not make (nor encourage any Lion Capital Executive to make) Contributions to Officials and Public Pension Fund Officials. Any Lion Capital Executive wishing to make such a contribution privately must have this pre-cleared with the Compliance Officer.
  Lion Capital Executives engaged in personal political activity (e.g., election campaign work, solicitation of contributions), that are not prohibited by this Code of Conduct, must not attribute such activity to Lion Capital. Lion Capital’s name, facilities, property and resources (including e-mails) may not be used in connection with political activities.
  Contributions to any political organisation must be disclosed to, and approved by, the Compliance Officer. 
  New Executives of Lion Capital will be required to disclose to the Compliance Officer all Contributions to any political organisation made by such Executive within two years prior to joining Lion Capital or such longer period of time as may be determined by the Compliance Officer.
 Section 4: Gifts and Business Entertainment 
  It is the general policy of Lion Capital to not provide any of its Investors or prospective Investors with Gifts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood that Lion Capital may hold periodic meetings of (i) some or all of its Investors or (ii) members of its Funds’ Investor Advisory Boards (or equivalent bodies) and attendees at such meetings may receive meals, accommodation, refreshments, participation in customary business-related activities (e.g., a round of golf) and Portfolio Company or Lion Capital branded items (such items limited to a value of $100 in each case). 
  In addition to the foregoing, Lion Capital may provide Business Entertainment to certain Investors (such as individual Investors) who are not subject to the same conflicts of interest considerations as other Investors. Any such entertainment above a de minimis value must be approved by the Compliance Officer. While any Business Entertainment provided to such Investors must be in accordance with the spirit of this Code, it is recognised that such Investors are not subject to the same constraints as individuals who themselves are subject to fiduciary obligations. Nonetheless, no Gift which is (or may be construed as) not customary business practice, or the purpose of which is to gain an unfair business advantage, shall be given or received by the Firm or any Executive. 
 Section 5: Disclosures to Investors or Prospective Investors 
  Upon request by any Lion Capital Investor, Lion will disclose all relevant information related to its engagement of Placement Agents and the qualifications of its Executives engaged in the solicitation of Investor commitments. Lion Capital will also provide a prospective Investor with the same information during such prospective Investor’s due diligence process, subject to such prospective Investor agreeing to customary confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements. 
 Section 6: Education and Training 
  All Lion Capital Executives must sign this Code of Conduct as an affirmation of their commitment to the standards and principles detailed within. Lion Capital will train all new relevant Executives on the requirements set out in the Code within a reasonable time of their joining of the Firm. On an annual basis, the Compliance Officer shall review the requirements set out within this Code with all of the Firm’s Executives and require a certification from each Executive attesting to their completion of the review.
 
 Section 7: Selected Definitions 
  “Business Entertainment” means meals, sporting, theatre, concert and other events requiring tickets, travel, accommodation, conferences and other forms of ordinary course entertainment. 
  “Compliance Officer” means the designated Compliance Officer of Lion Capital or any other member who performs the functions of a compliance officer. 
  “Contribution” means any gift, subscription, loan, advance, or deposit of money or anything of value made for: 
  (i) The purpose of influencing any election for office;
 (ii) Payment of debt incurred in connection with any such election; or
  (iii) Transition or inaugural expenses of the successful candidate for any such election.“Covered Person” means any person or entity that does business with or potentially could conduct business with or on behalf of Lion Capital and includes without limitation Lion Capital’s investors, portfolio companies, vendors, service providers, law firms, investment banks, broker dealers, accounting firms and consultants.
  “Executive” means any partner, member, employee or other officer of the Firm. 
  “Gift” means any object, services, or other item of value (including tickets to an event unless the donor and recipient both attend the event) given or received by an Executive to or from a Covered Person.
  “Government Entity” means a country or a state, or political subdivision of such country or state, including: 
  (i) Any agency, authority, or instrumentality of the country or state or a political subdivision of such;
 (ii) Plan or pools of assets controlled by the country or state or a political subdivision of such or any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof; and
  (iii) Officers, agents, or employees of the country or state or political subdivision of such or any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof, acting in their official capacity.
  “Lobbying” shall mean, for the purposes of this Code of Conduct, any attempt to directly or indirectly influence a determination by a (1) Public Pension Fund Official, (2) Official, (3) any fiduciary of a Public Pension Fund, (4) Public Pension Fund Advisor, or (5) any other person or entity working in cooperation with any of the above, related to a procurement of investment management or advisory services by a Public Pension Fund, including without limitation a determination by a Public Pension Fund to place an investment with the Firm
  “Official” means any person (including any election committee for the person) who was, at the time of a Contribution, an incumbent, candidate or successful candidate: 
  (i) For an elective office of a Government Entity, if the office is directly or indirectly responsible for, or can directly influence the outcome of, the Public Pension Fund’s investment with or engagement of the Firm; or 
 (ii) For any elective office of a Government Entity, if the office has authority to appoint any person who is directly or indirectly responsible for, or can directly influence the outcome of, the Public Pension Fund’s investment with or engagement of the Firm.Communication with an Official includes communications with the employees and advisors of such Official.
  “Placement Agent” means any third party intermediary that is directly or indirectly hired, engaged, utilised, retained or compensated (regardless of whether upon a fixed, contingent or any other basis) or otherwise given any other tangible or intangible item or benefit having monetary value by the Firm for facilitating the placement of an investment in a Sponsored Fund. A Placement Agent does not include a bona fide Executive or any person whose sole basis of compensation from the Firm is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance unrelated to soliciting, introducing, finding, or referring clients to the Firm or attempting to influence in any way an existing or potential investment in or business relationship with the Firm.
  “Public Pension Fund” means any retirement plan established or maintained for its employees (current or former) by the government of any country or political subdivision thereof, or by any agency or instrumentality of any of the foregoing.
  “Public Pension Fund Advisor” means any external firm or individual engaged by a Public Pension Fund to assist in the selection of investments or investment management or advisory services for the Public Pension Fund.
  “Public Pension Fund Official” means any elected or appointed trustee or other official, staff member or employee whose official duties involve responsibility for a Public Pension Fund.
  “Relative” means a person related by blood or affinity (including a domestic partner) who resides in the same household. A person adopted into a family is considered a relative on the same basis as a natural born family member.
  “Solicitor” means any person or entity who in any way, directly or indirectly, solicits, finds, introduces or refers any client to the Firm, including without limitation any intermediary, consultant, broker, introducer, referrer, finder, public- or government-relations expert, or marketer. A Solicitor does not include any bona fide Executive or any person whose sole basis of compensation from the Firm is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance that is unrelated to any solicitation, introduction, finding, or referral of clients to the Firm or the brokering, fostering, establishing or maintaining a relationship between the Firm and a Public Pension Fund.
  “Sponsored Fund” means an investment fund sponsored, managed or advised by the Firm or its affiliate.<



TERMS & CONDITIONS

These Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) apply to the entire contents of this website under the domain name www.lioncapital.com (the “Website”). The Website is owned and operated by Lion Capital LLP (registered number OC308261) whose registered office is at 21 Grosvenor Place, London, SW1X 7HF (“Lion Capital”, also referred to as “our”, “we” or “us”). Lion Capital LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Lion Capital LLP is a member of the BVCA and EVCA. Please read the Terms and Conditions below carefully before using this Website. By using or visiting this Website you accept and agree to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions, do not use this Website.
 1 Introduction
  1.1 These Terms and Conditions, and the additional policy referenced below, (together the “Terms”) set-out how you may make use of the Website, whether as a guest or as a user registered to access secure areas of the Website, and what personal data Lion Capital may collect about you, and how and for what purpose Lion Capital may process data about you. 
  1.2 Our additional policy includes our {Privacy Policy link} which sets-out the terms on which Lion Capital processes any personal data which we collect from you, or that you produce to us. It also sets-out information about and the terms on which cookies are used on the Website. By using the Website, you also confirm that you have accepted the terms of this policy. The definitions used in these Terms and Conditions are also used in the abovementioned policy. 
  1.3 Lion Capital may revise the Terms at any time by amending the same. You should check the Website from time to time to review the current Terms, because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this Website.
 2 Intellectual Property Rights
  2.1 The contents of this Website are protected by international copyright laws and other intellectual property rights.
  2.2 The owner of these intellectual property rights is Lion Capital, its affiliates or other third parties. All such rights are reserved.
  2.3 All product and company names and logos mentioned on this Website are the trade marks, service marks or trading names of their respective owners, including us. Nothing on this Website shall be interpreted as granting any licence or right to use any image, trade mark, logo or service mark on the Website. 
  2.4 You are permitted to print and download extracts from this Website only for your personal reference, and only provided that:
  • no digital or hard copy documents or graphics present on this Website are modified or copied in any way;
  • no graphics on this Website are used separately from accompanying text; and
  • the status of Lion Capital (and that of any identified contributors) as the author of any material on this Website is always acknowledged by you.
  2.5 Other than as detailed in clause 2.4 of these Terms and Conditions, any commercial use or exploitation of this Website or its content is strictly prohibited. No part of this Website may be reproduced or stored, modified, copied, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed, by any means or in any manner, or included in any other website or in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service including but not limited to text, graphics, video, messages, code and/or software without our express prior written consent.
  2.6 Copying or downloading material from this Website does not transfer title to any material on this Website to you. Anything transmitted to this Website by you becomes Lion Capital’s property and may be used by us for any lawful purpose.
  2.7 You must not use this Website or the information and graphics on the Website in any way which infringes Lion Capital’s or any third party’s intellectual property rights.
  2.8 If in our reasonable opinion you have breached or are breaching any of the Terms, your permission to use this Website automatically terminates, we have the right to disable your user account and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed extracts from this Website.
 3 Access
  3.1 While Lion Capital endeavours to ensure that the Website is available 24 hours a day, Lion Capital shall not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time, for any period or for any reason. We reserve the right to make changes or corrections, alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Website, the content or services or products available through it, including your access to it.
  3.2 Lion Capital reserves the right to restrict certain areas of information accessible via the Website to our approved, registered users. If any area of the Website requires you to register with us, then we may accept or refuse your application for registration (in our absolute discretion). You agree to provide at all times truthful and accurate information in applying to register to use the Website and using any registration granted. Your registration will not be transferable and you are solely responsible for any activity which occurs on or through your user name, password or account, whether or not authorised by you and for keeping secure and confidential such details. You must not disclose your account’s user name or password (or other login details) to any third party. You must change your password immediately if you believe that your registration may have been used without your authorisation, and you must inform us of the same at info@lioncapital.com.
  3.3 We will keep your account’s user name and password confidential and it will only be used to support your relationship with Lion Capital. Lion Capital will not disclose or sell that information outside its corporate group, except in connection with the proposed or actual sale of the whole or part of Lion Capital’s business.
  3.4 You acknowledge that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws and regulations that may affect your access to this Website. This Website is not directed at any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this Website is prohibited or restricted, or which would subject Lion Capital to any regulatory or other requirements within such jurisdiction. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions or restrictions apply must not access the other pages on this Website or distribute any materials on the Website to other persons within any such restricted jurisdiction. 
  3.5 Lion Capital reserves the right to terminate your access to the Website at any time without notice.
 4 Acceptable Use
  4.1 You may not: (i) copy, reproduce, reverse engineer, distribute, publish, display, perform, modify, upload any information from, transmit, or in any way exploit the whole or any part of this Website; or (ii) use this Website in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent; or (iii) use the whole or any part of this Website for any public or commercial purpose or in any way exploit the whole or any part of the Website without the prior written permission of Lion Capital. 
  4.2 Information posted on the Website may be accessible to third parties by means of the internet or otherwise. Please do not transmit any confidential information to or through the Website. You acknowledge that communications transmitted by means of the Website are public and not private communications. 
  4.3 You must not use the Website for any unlawful or fraudulent purposes. You must not misuse our Website by introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. In particular, you must not access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt the Website or any part of it; any equipment or network on which the Website is stored; any software used in connection with the provision of the Website; or any equipment, software or website owned or used by a third party. You must not attack our Website via a denial-of-service attack.
  4.4 We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
  4.5 Without prejudice to its other rights or remedies, Lion Capital reserves the right to take legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs or losses (on an indemnity basis) resulting from your breach of this clause 4, and to disclose such information to law enforcement agencies as Lion Capital reasonably believes is necessary.
 5 Disclaimer
  5.1 While Lion Capital endeavours to ensure that the information on this Website is correct, Lion Capital does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the material on this Website or that such material is up to date. Lion Capital is under no obligation to update such material. The Website may contain typographical errors or other inaccuracies. Lion Capital disclaims all liability arising from your use of or reference to any third party content displayed on the Website, or the content of third party websites and resources with respect to which links are provided on the Website (“Third Party Material”).
  5.2 The material on this Website is provided “as is”, without any conditions, warranties or other terms of any kind. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Lion Capital provides you with this Website on the basis that Lion Capital excludes all representations, express or implied warranties, conditions and other terms which but for these Terms and Conditions might have effect in relation to this Website.
  5.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although Lion Capital will use its commercially reasonable efforts to protect your information, it cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to the Website; any transmission is at your own risk.
  5.4 The content of this Website is provided for general information only. No legal, investment or tax advice is being given on this Website. Nothing on this Website should be construed as any offer or invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any investment(s) or to provide any investment services.
  5.5 Lion Capital does not warrant that the Website is secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for ensuring that you have adequate virus protection software in place. 
 6 Liability
  6.1 Commentary and other materials posted on our Website are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. Lion Capital and its respective partners, officers, members, employees and advisers shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive, exemplary or consequential loss or any other damages or loss, nor for any loss of revenue, profit, business opportunity or business interruption, data, goodwill, reputation or anticipated savings suffered by any person as a result of reliance on a statement or omission on, or the use of, this Website. You should independently verify any information before relying on it.
  6.2 Where the Website contains Third Party Material, which is provided for your information only and you use such Third Party Material at your own risk. Lion Capital has no control over the Third Party Material (including any third parties’ data protection or privacy policies), and accepts no responsibility for the Third Party Material or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of or reference to the same, whether actual or consequential. The inclusion of the Third Party Material on the Website does not constitute an endorsement of those third parties’ websites, products or services. 
  6.3 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude or limit Lion Capital’s liability for:
  • death or personal injury caused by negligence (as such term is defined by the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977); or
  • fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or
  • any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law, including the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.
  6.4 To the extent permitted by law, Lion Capital excludes all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to the Website and the Website’s content whether express or implied.
 7 Confidentiality
  You agree that the data and information contained in, or accessible from, this Website have been prepared on a confidential basis solely for the benefit of selected investors. You agree to keep such information confidential (except to the extent otherwise agreed with us in writing).
 8 Trade Marks
  Lion Capital and the Lion Capital logos are registered trade marks of Lion Capital. 
 9 Breach
  Without prejudice to its other rights or remedies, Lion Capital reserves the right to take legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs or losses (on an indemnity basis) resulting from your breach of these Terms, and to disclose such information to law enforcement agencies as Lion Capital reasonably believes is necessary.
 10 Severability
  If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you agree that the other provisions of the Terms will remain in full force and effect in so far as possible.
 11 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
  The Terms are governed by and are to be construed in accordance with English law. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Terms.



PRIVACY POLICY

1 Introduction
  1.1 Lion Capital takes the protection of your privacy and personal data seriously. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather online about you when you visit the Website, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, that information. By using the Website, you consent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not use the Website.
  1.2 Please note that the definitions used in this Privacy Policy are defined in the {Terms and Conditions link}
  1.3 For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is Lion Capital LLP (registered number OC308261) of 21 Grosvenor Place, London, SW1X 7HF with data controller registration number Z1932831.
  1.4 Our nominated representative for the purpose of the Act is Lion Capital’s Compliance Office and Company Secretary, Richard Lewis.
 2 Information we may collect from you
  Lion Capital may collect and process the following data about you:
  • technical information: this will include information such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information (if appropriate), browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; 
  • information about your visit: this will including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Website (including date and time); page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page; 
  • personal information including name and email addresses as may be provided by you by email or telephone when contacting us or creating user profiles; and
  • statistical information about your visit to the Website including the pages you visited and which browsers are used to visit the Website.
 3 Use of information
  3.1 Lion Capital may use information held about you in the following ways:
  • to administer the Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
  • to improve the Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; and
  • as part of our efforts to keep the Website safe and secure.
  3.2 At times, we may utilise e-mail and your personal information to provide you with information that you have requested. 
 4 Disclosure
  4.1 Lion Capital may share your personal information with:
  • any member of the Lion Capital group, which means Lion Capital, our subsidiaries as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006, the general partner of any fund managed or advised by us or our subsidiaries and such general partner’s subsidiaries;
  • members and employees of the Lion Capital group; 
  • affiliates of Lion Capital; and
  • analytics, platform and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Website, including Intralinks. 
  4.2 Lion Capital may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
  • in the event that it sells or buys any business or assets, in which case it may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets or their advisors; 
  • if Lion Capital or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it, including about its investors will be one of the transferred assets; and
  • if it is under a duty to disclose or share your personal data by law or in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply the {Terms and Conditions link}, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Lion Capital.
  4.3 The personally identifiable information that you provide to us may be accessed by (or given to) our staff working outside the UK and the third parties referred to above, some of whom may be located outside the European Economic Area. Countries outside the European Economic Area may not necessarily have adequate data protection laws. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The personal data that we collect from you will be retained for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information was collected or as required by law.
 5 Where we store your personal data
  If you have a password to access secure areas of this Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. This password must not be shared with any third party. 
 6 Your rights
  The Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that Lion Capital does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. We suggest that you carefully review the {Terms and Conditions link} of use, and privacy policies, of each website that you visit before you submit any personal data to these websites. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of those websites linked to from our Website. Other websites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
 7 Access to information
  The Act gives you the right to access information we hold about you. You may exercise your right under the Act to access such information. We will request a fee of £10 to cover our administration costs in providing such information that we hold about you to you.
 8 Protection
  Lion Capital acknowledges your trust and is committed to protecting the information you provide us. Whilst we cannot guarantee the security of your information at all times, in order to prevent unauthorised access, maintain accuracy, and ensure proper use of information, we have employed physical, electronic, and managerial processes to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Any information that you give us is protected by a password for added security. Within our Website, your information is stored in password-protected, limited-access servers. Our servers reside behind a corporate firewall that maintains tight controls on any access to the system from both our internal network and the internet. 
 9 Changes to our Privacy Policy
  Lion Capital may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. You should check the Website from time to time to review the current Privacy Policy because it is binding on you.
 10 Cookies
  10.1 By using the Website with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies you consent to our use of cookies on the Website, which include Google Analytics cookies. We will be using Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use our Website, and we will use this information to improve the Website. These cookies collect information in an anonymous form, and such information includes the number of visitors to the Website, where visitors have come from before visiting the Website and the pages they visit. To learn more about what cookies are set on your computer as you browse the internet and how to manage or delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
  10.2 A cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores on your computer. Cookies allow your browser to remember some specific information which the web server can later retrieve and use. We do not use cookies to store any personal information that could be read or understood by others.
  10.3 We use cookies primarily for administrative purposes, to improve your experience with our Website. We only use cookies to capture anonymous analytics to improve your experience of the Website and its performance. This includes compiling statistical information concerning, among other things, the frequency of use of our Website, the pages visited, and the length of each visit, as well as information about your computer, operating system, browser, language, and country.
 11 Terms and Conditions
  Use of the Website is subject to our {Terms and Conditions link}
 12 Contact
  If you have any questions or requests in relation to this Privacy Policy, please can you address these to Richard Lewis (Compliance Office and Company Secretary) at richard.lewis@lioncapital.com.
 13 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
 
  This Privacy Policy is governed by and is to be construed in accordance with English law. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Privacy Policy.



SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT

SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 54, PART 6 OF THE MODERN SLAVERY ACT 2015 (the “Act”)
  This statement relates to the financial year ended 31 December 2016 and sets out the steps that Lion Capital LLP (“Lion Capital”, the “Firm” or “we”) has taken and intends to take to ensure that slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in its business or supply chains.
Our structure, business and supply chains
  The Firm is a global consumer-focused investor, with offices in London and Los Angeles. The Firm provides investment management services to various investment funds established in the United Kingdom (the “Funds”), which focus on making investments in Europe and North America. 
  As a private equity investor, our immediate supply chain is relatively short, consisting mainly of professional services firms. 
  The Funds that we manage invest in a number of portfolio companies. Though these portfolio companies do not form part of the Firm’s supply chain, we are committed to taking steps to confirm that each portfolio company’s management team understands any responsibilities it has under the Act and the need for it to put in place its own effective controls and training to protect against modern slavery being present in its own business and supply chains.
  To this end, we have written to the management of those portfolio companies that we consider may be subject to the Act, to ensure that they understand their obligations under the Act. In addition, we have representation on each portfolio company board and, although not a standing agenda item, ensuring compliance with the Act and limiting the risk of modern slavery and human trafficking taking place in their business and supply chains remains a key consideration of the companies’ boards. 
Policy Statement
  In pursuit of best-in-class approach, Lion Capital is a signatory of the six UN supported Principles for Responsible Investment. The Firm is a responsible investment fund manager that strives to maintain the highest standards of integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business. Lion Capital expects all of its portfolio companies and employees to comply with ESG-related legislation at a local, national and international level, including but not limited to applicable environmental, health and safety, anti-bribery and corruption and human rights legislation. 
  Lion Capital portfolio companies are actively involved in a collaboration project (“Not for Sale”) which raises awareness about human trafficking and, as an active board member of “Not for Sale”, in 2016 Lion Capital has promoted the prevention of human trafficking at various investor meetings and conferences.
Our approach to due diligence
  As part of the Firm’s standard investment due diligence process, Lion employs external advisers to conduct site visits, management interviews and public searches to diagnose any potential environmental/social liabilities, and ensure portfolio company compliance with Lion’s philosophy in these areas. At the point that a Fund acquires a portfolio
 company, we ensure that such portfolio company’s management team is aware of their potential obligations under the Act.
  We do not consider that the relationships within our immediate supply chain give rise to material risks in this area. However, we will be requiring key suppliers to confirm that their activities accord with the requirements of the Act. 
  We also have a dedicated Compliance Officer, who oversees the above process.
Training
  The Firm has provided details of this policy to all relevant staff. We ensure that all employees, on joining the Firm and periodically thereafter, review and familiarise themselves with the Firm’s policies to ensure that they can identify situations where there is a risk of modern slavery or human trafficking.
Further steps
  Additional steps that we intend to take in order to ensure that modern slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in our business or supply chains are:

to develop and enhance existing policies (if any) or create new policies relating to slavery and human trafficking, in order to provide a framework for identifying and monitoring activities within our business and supply chains that may be in breach of such policies; 
to review our due diligence processes to ensure that they comply with our policies on slavery and human trafficking; and
to review current training provided in respect of our policies and their implementation and ensure the applicable level of training is delivered to employees so that they are more effective in identifying the existence or risk of slavery and human trafficking as part of the investment due diligence process.

  This statement is made in accordance with section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes Lion Capital LLP’s slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ended 31 December 2016. It has been endorsed by the Operating Committee on behalf of the Firm. 
 Robert Darwent
 Designated Member
 30 June 2017



Did you know that there is a newer version of your Internet Browser available?

Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website.
A list of the most poplar web browsers can be found below.
Just click on the icons to get to the download page





Chrome 36





Firefox 30





Internet Explorer 11





Opera 22





Safari 7




Close Window










Log in









Forgot Password?











Forgot Password

























LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND-A (USD), L.P., 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF - Full Address/Postcode Information






































14

			search credits
			what's this?
get more credits


Log In
Register
API
Address Lists







 XXX addresses found. Type more to narrow your search.













LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND-A (USD), L.P., 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF Biggest UK Address/Postcode Finder



Full Postal Address
LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND-A (USD)L.P.21 GROSVENOR PLACELONDONSW1X 7HF









Is this your organisation or address? Click here to claim/manage this listing! »


Select from one of the options below:
Is this your business? Let millions of visitors see your details for FREE. Claim it! »
The organisation isn't here anymore - I want to remove it completely »



 Download all addresses under this postcode 


 Amend this record or take ownership 




Map & Location



Streetview (approximate location)





Is This Your Business?Click here to add your business details to our website for free. Claim it!
Address Datafor this area
Postcode Mapsfor this area






Business Information

Company NameLION CAPITAL 2015 FUND-A (USD), L.P.
Company NumberLP016475
Company CategoryLimited Partnership Incorporation Date4 February 2015 


SW1X 7HF Postcode Information

AreaSW • South West London Download SW Address List » View Area SW »
DistrictSW1X Download SW1X Address List » View District SW1X » 
SectorSW1X 7 Download SW1X 7 Address List » View Sector SW1X 7 »
UnitSW1X 7HF Download SW1X 7HF Address List » View Unit SW1X 7HF »
Addresses1 total (0 residential / 1 business) CountryEngland RegionLondon DistrictWestminster WardKnightsbridge and Belgravia CoordinatesLat: 51.499866 • Long: -0.149630Google Maps »OpenStreetMap » ConstituencyCities of London and Westminster MPMark Field (Conservative) 









Other Addresses and Businesses Under Postcode SW1X 7HF
Lion Capital Ltd, 21-24, Grosvenor Place, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION-SHOES MIDCO LIMITED, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION/DURY BIDCO LIMITED, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION/DURY IPMANCO LIMITED, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION/DURY MIDCO LIMITED, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION/DURY OPCO LIMITED, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION/GEMSTONE BIDCO LIMITED, LION CAPITAL, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION/GEMSTONE MIDCO LIMITED, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION/JENGA MIDCO LIMITED, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION/RALLY CARRY ENG 1 L.P., 21-24 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION/SENECA COINVEST 3 LP, 21-24 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND (USD), L.P., 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND-A, L.P., 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL 2015 GP LIMITED, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL FUND I, L.P., 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL FUND I A, L.P., 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL FUND I B, L.P., 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL FUND III (USD), L.P., 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL FUND III, L.P., 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL FUND II SBS, L.P., 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL FUND I SBS, L.P., 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL II GP LIMITED, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL III GP LIMITED, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL LATIMER CARRY L.P., 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL LLP, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
LION CAPITAL VENTURES II LLP, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
ROXY PRINCESS LIMITED, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF











We provide bulk address and postcode finding services including address cleaning and enrichment. We charge for our provisions. If you would like a demonstration of the solutions we offer, please use the facilities above to locate an address and view the data fields we offer. Also feel free to send us 30 random postcode records for a free demonstration of our data enrichment services.
Coming Soon: Postcode Finder API, Address Finder API, Address Checker, Postcode Checker, Address Cleaner & App, Address Completion & App, Property Count API, House Value API, Address Case Conversion, Complete Missing Fields in my Data App, Address Checker Correction & App.
By using the services offered by this site, you agree to abide by our terms and conditions.


General Terms and Conditions | Policies | Advertising / Rate Card |
			Contact Us
Addresses and Postcodes is owned and operated by Address Logic Ltd. Copyright ©2017 Address Logic. Website by XRC Media





Lion Capital Brands


















Open Menu








WE ARELION CAPITAL
A consumer-focused investor passionate about investing in brands about which people are passionate.




LearnMore



Pause
Resume
Next



We are dedicated to the consumer sector
“Our learning curve is significantly faster because of our prior experience.” – Javier Ferrán | Partner at Lion Capital




LearnMore



Pause
Resume
Next



We believe in partnership not ownership
“On a weekly, on a daily basis, it feels more like a partnership. There’s a level of respect, I think that’s the key.” - William Kim | CEO Of AllSaints 




LearnMore



Pause
Resume
Next



We Achieve Growth Through Building Strong Brands
“A lot of investors miss this. They don’t have a passion for their brands. We have a passion for what we’re investing in.” - Lyndon Lea | Partner at Lion Capital




LearnMore



Pause
Resume
Next







 
 





Our Brands




We are Passionate about Building Brands
"Our mantra is about brands and that's what ties us together as a firm." - Lyndon Lea

















Weetabix

Fund

I

Invested:
February 2004
Exit:
April 2015








wagamama

Fund

I

Invested:
July 2005
Exit:
April 2011








Vaasan Group

Fund

I
II

Invested:
July 2007
Exit:
June 2015








Spence Diamonds

Fund

III

Invested:
April 2015








Russian Alcohol Group

Fund

I

Invested:
June 2008
Exit:
December 2009








PittaRosso

Fund

III

Invested:
December 2014








Picard

Fund

II
III

Invested:
October 2010








Personna

Fund

I

Invested:
July 2006
Exit:
February 2010








Perricone MD

Fund

III

Invested:
May 2014








Orangina Schweppes

Fund

I

Invested:
February 2006
Exit:
November 2009








Nidan

Fund

II

Invested:
October 2007
Exit:
August 2010








Materne

Fund

I

Invested:
August 2004
Exit:
December 2006








Loungers

Fund

IV

Invested:
December 2016








La Senza

Fund

I

Invested:
July 2006
Exit:
January 2012








Kettle Foods

Fund

I

Invested:
September 2006
Exit:
March 2010








John Varvatos

Fund

III

Invested:
April 2012








Jimmy Choo

Fund

I

Invested:
December 2004
Exit:
February 2007








HEMA

Fund

II

Invested:
July 2007








Grenade

Fund

IV

Invested:
March 2017








ghd

Fund

III

Invested:
March 2013
Exit:
November 2016








Findus Group

Fund

II

Invested:
September 2008








Buscemi

Fund

III

Invested:
November 2015








Bumble Bee Foods

Fund

III

Invested:
December 2010








Authentic Brands Group

Fund

III

Invested:
May 2016








AS Adventure Group

Fund

II

Invested:
February 2008
Exit:
April 2015








Aryzta

Fund

II

Invested:
February 2008
Exit:
April 2009








American Apparel

Fund

II

Invested:
March 2009
Exit:
April 2013








AllSaints

Fund

III

Invested:
May 2011








Alex and Ani

Fund

III

Invested:
September 2014








Alain Afflelou

Fund

III

Invested:
July 2012








Ad van Geloven

Fund

II

Invested:
September 2008
Exit:
May 2015











Ad van Geloven

Industry:
Food & Beverage
Geography:
Benelux
Investment:
September 2008
Exit:
May 2015
Website:
advangeloven.com









Producer of frozen snacks and ready meals 
At the time of Lion Capital’s acquisition, Ad van Geloven, founded in 1960, was the leading branded producer of frozen snacks and meal components in the Benelux with a full range of products across the category and strong market positions in both the foodservice and retail channels. The company produced various meat ragout products (such as croquettes and bitterballs), minced meat products (frikandels and hamburgers), spring rolls, satay, bami and nasi products. Branded operations were anchored by flagship brand, Mora, the most recognised frozen snack brand in the Benelux region, holding leading positions in all category segments. Headquartered in Tilburg, the company employed more than 900 people across five factories in the Netherlands and Belgium. In 2014, the company generated net sales of €195 million.
During Lion’s ownership, the business faced strong headwinds from challenging consumer environments in its key markets and unprecedented raw material inflation levels. Despite this, Lion Capital continued to invest behind the Mora brand, new product development and a stronger management team. The company’s performance bounced back strongly in the most recent periods of Lion’s ownership and reached the highest level of sales and earnings in its history prior to Lion’s sale of the business in 2015 to TowerBrook Capital Partners. 









Alain Afflelou

Industry:
Retail
Geography:
Europe
Investment:
July 2012
Website:
alainafflelou.com









Third-largest branded optical retailer in Europe
Created in 1972 by Alain Afflelou, the company is the third-largest branded optical retailer in Europe, specialising in optical services and sales of lenses, frames, sunglasses, and contact lenses. Alain Afflelou has over 1,160 optical retail stores under the Alain Afflelou and Claro banners across France, Spain, Portugal, Belgium, Luxembourg, Switzerland, Morocco, Lebanon and the Ivory Coast. Built on innovative and value-added product offers for customers, the Afflelou brand enjoys high levels of consumer awareness delivered through strong marketing and advertising. Afflelou is currently the largest optical retail franchisor in France, and the fifth largest optical retail chain in Spain. In its most recent fiscal year, Alain Afflelou generated nearly €650 million in sales across its retail network.









Alex and Ani

Industry:
Retail
Geography:
U.S.
Investment:
September 2014
Website:
www.alexandani.com









Differentiated jewelry and lifestyle brand
Alex and Ani is a highly-differentiated, affordable fashion jewelry and lifestyle brand. Founded in 2004 by Carolyn Rafaelian, the company’s signature product is the expandable and stackable wire bangle.  These are adorned with symbols of empowerment and protection and feature adjustable sizing.  The company also produces earrings, necklaces, rings, home fragrances and candles.  All items are manufactured in America and the materials utilized are sustainable and derived from eco-conscious processes. Since establishing its first retail store in Rhode Island in 2009, Alex and Ani has grown to over 40 stand-alone retail sites in the U.S. and also sells through department stores, gift shops and high-end jewelry chains across the country. Revenues in the most recent fiscal year were $319 million.












AllSaints

Industry:
Apparel & Accessories
Geography:
Global
Investment:
May 2011
Website:
allsaints.com









Contemporary fashion branded retailer
AllSaints is a contemporary fashion branded retailer of menswear, womenswear, footwear, and accessories led by an award-winning in-house design team. Originally established in London in 1994, the company has grown to become a leading global fashion brand with over 130 stand-alone shops and in-store concessions worldwide as well as a world-class digital platform. The brand’s distinctive aesthetic underpins one of the most unique fashion offerings today, supported by a digital strategy focused on providing the best experience at each point in the customer journey. Revenues in its most recent fiscal year were over £230 million.

OUR APPROACH FOR AllSaints
Geographic Expansion
Measured expansion in new and existing markets has accelerated AllSaints financial performance. Under Lion Capital’s ownership, the company has implemented a program to help identify new store locations in select markets across Europe, Asia and North America. During this period, AllSaints has expanded in current markets with 59 new points of sale across North America and Europe, including new flagship stores in Los Angeles, Toronto, Paris and Amsterdam, as well as new locations in South Korea, Taiwan and Dubai. Plans to roll-out the brand into other new geographies are currently underway.

SEE MORE STORIES OF Geographic Expansion >

Operating Improvements
At the time of Lion Capital’s acquisition, AllSaints was operationally and financially challenged following a period of over-expansion. Lion took several material steps to turnaround the business that included wholesale change to the management team, a new distribution centre in the U.S. and rationalisation of the supplier base.

SEE MORE STORIES OF Operating Improvements >




BRAND ACTIVITIES





AllSaints Brand Film 2016







SPRING 2016 RUNWAY
















American Apparel

Industry:
Apparel & Accessories
Geography:
Global 
Investment:
March 2009
Exit:
April 2013
Website:
americanapparel.com









Vertically integrated manufacturer, distributorand retailer of branded fashion-basic apparel
During the time of Lion Capital’s investment, American Apparel was a vertically integrated manufacturer, distributor and retailer of branded fashion basic apparel. Based in downtown Los Angeles, the company operates over 240 retail stores in twenty countries, including the United States, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, United Kingdom, Ireland, Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Australia, Japan, South Korea, and China. American Apparel's global e-commerce site serves over 60 countries worldwide with a leading wholesale business that supplies high quality T-shirts and other casual wear to distributors and screen printers. American Apparel is known for its "Made in Downtown LA" vertically integrated operations which minimise the use of sub-contractors and offshore labor, with knitting, dyeing, sewing, photography, marketing, distribution and design all conducted at the company’s facilities in Los Angeles. American Apparel is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange and reported consolidated net sales of more than $600 million in 2013.
Lion Capital’s investment in American Apparel was made in the form of senior secured notes, which included several million detachable warrants convertible into shares of the company’s common stock.  American Apparel repaid Lion’s notes in early 2013.









Aryzta

Industry:
Food & Beverage
Geography:
Global 
Investment:
February 2008
Exit:
April 2009
Website:
aryzta.com









Global specialty bakery business
At the time of Lion Capital’s investment, Aryzta AG was a worldwide specialty bakery business that serviced an extensive network of customers across North America, Europe, South East Asia, and Australia. The company manufactured and distributed high quality bread, croissants, baked snacks and patisserie products sold to restaurants, food outlets, hotels, grocery stores, catering companies and gas filling stations. Aryzta had 8,000 employees whilst operating 23 manufacturing and 111 distribution facilities. 
Lion Capital’s investment in Aryzta originated with the Firm’s initial investment in Hiestand Holding AG. In February 2008, Lion acquired a 32% stake in publicly-listed Hiestand, a leading European bakery and convenience food company with strong market positions in Switzerland and Germany. In June 2008, Lion sold its stake in Hiestand to IAWS Group plc. The two companies subsequently merged to create Aryzta AG, a new Swiss-based holding company, with dual primary listings on the SWX Swiss and Irish Exchanges. Lion Capital sold its shares in Aryzta in early 2009.









AS Adventure Group

Industry:
Retail
Geography:
Europe
Investment:
February 2008
Exit:
April 2015
Website:
asadventure.com









Specialty retailer of outdoor equipment and clothing
At the time of Lion Capital’s acquisition of the company, AS Adventure Group was a specialty retailer of outdoor equipment and clothing, operating a network of retail stores in Belgium, Luxembourg and France under the AS Adventure brand, in the United Kingdom under the Cotswold Outdoor brand, and in the Netherlands under the Bever brand. The Group’s product offering included biking, trekking, climbing, skiing and camping accessories in addition to casual outdoor clothing across an extensive range of leading outdoor brands and the company’s own-label offering. AS Adventure offered outdoor enthusiasts specialty knowledge, quality products and personal service, delivering each customer a unique shopping experience. In 2014, the company generated net sales of €380 million.
Under Lion Capital’s ownership, AS Adventure nearly doubled its sales and EBITDA increased by almost 70%. The company achieved attractive store growth in all markets, expanding its retail footprint by over 60 stores and significantly growing digital sales. In April 2015, Lion sold the company to PAI Partners. 









Authentic Brands Group

Industry:
Apparel & Accessories
Geography:
Global
Investment:
May 2016
Website:
authenticbrandsgroup.com









Global Brand Development Company
Authentic Brands Group is a brand development company, which builds long-term value through the ownership of intellectual property associated with a global portfolio of prominent consumer brands. ABG's portfolio spans the fashion, sports, celebrity and entertainment segments, and currently includes such brands as Marilyn Monroe, Elvis Presley, Muhammad Ali, Shaquille O’Neal, Michael Jackson, Juicy Couture, Jones New York, Judith Leiber, Hickey Freeman, Hart Schaffner Marx, Spyder, Tapout, Prince, Tretorn, Airwalk, Vision Street Wear, among others. This footprint enables ABG to develop partnerships with best-in-class licensees and key accounts across retail channels from high-end department and specialty stores to mid-tier retailers. ABG was founded in 2010 by current Chairman and CEO, Jamie Salter with the backing of Leonard Green & Partners. Its brands currently generate in excess of $3B in annual retail sales.












Bumble Bee Foods

Industry:
Food & Beverage
Geography:
North America 
Investment:
December 2010
Website:
bumblebee.com









North America's largest branded shelf-stable seafood company 
Founded in 1899, Bumble Bee Foods is North America’s largest branded shelf-stable seafood company, offering a full line of canned and pouched tuna, salmon, sardines, and specialty seafood products. Bumble Bee Foods are marketed in the U.S. under leading brands including Bumble Bee, Brunswick, Sweet Sue, Snow’s, Beach Cliff, Wild Selections, Bumble Bee SuperFresh, and in Canada under the Clover Leaf brand. The company’s diverse product offering is sold through every major U.S. and Canadian food retailer and food distributor including supermarkets, mass merchandisers, drug stores, warehouse clubs and discount stores. The Bumble Bee brand, fully committed to promoting the importance of leading a healthy lifestyle, has established significant consumer awareness and loyalty based on the quality, nutritional value, and affordability of its products. In 2014, the company generated nearly $1 billion of net revenue.

OUR APPROACH FOR Bumble Bee Foods
Category Extension
Under Lion Capital’s ownership, Bumble Bee Foods has pursued several initiatives to leverage its strong credentials in shelf-stable seafood into product assortments beyond the current offerings. Category extensions include the recently launched SuperFresh frozen range, a premium frozen seafood product.

SEE MORE STORIES OF Category Extension >

Product Innovation
Under Lion Capital’s ownership, Bumble Bee Foods has made an aggressive effort to drive innovation and is now at the forefront of innovation within the shelf-stable seafood category. The company has successfully launched several new concepts that meet consumers’ demand for healthy, tasty, convenient and affordable products, including a certified sustainable premium line of seafood and a retro-inspired canned tuna pack.

SEE MORE STORIES OF Product Innovation >










Buscemi

Industry:
Apparel & Accessories
Geography:
Global
Investment:
November 2015
Website:
buscemi.com









Global, Luxury Sneaker Brand
Buscemi is a global, luxury sneaker brand that is achieving explosive growth through a differentiated product offering and passionate dedication to producing the highest quality sneaker in the world. Buscemi was founded in 2013 in Los Angeles by sneaker connoisseur and industry veteran Jon Buscemi, with a vision of combining creative street sneaker style with the highest quality craftsmanship in the world. The company’s signature product is the “100 mm” (millimeter), which is distinguished by a signature gold padlock and retails in the U.S. starting at $890. All products are 100% hand-made in Italy. Buscemi has recently begun to successfully expand its product range to women’s and baby sneakers as well as accessories, including bags and wallets.  Buscemi is currently sold through 180 doors in luxury wholesale department stores worldwide including Selfridges, Harrods, Neiman Marcus, Barneys, Harvey Nichols and Holt Renfrew and influential boutiques and specialty retail accounts in Europe, US, Australia and Asia. Buscemi has achieved record-setting momentum at several of these retailers.









Findus Group

Industry:
Food & Beverage
Geography:
Europe
Investment:
September 2008
Website:
findusgroup.com









One of Europe’s largest frozen food and seafood companies
Findus Group is one of Europe’s largest frozen food and seafood companies. Collectively, the parent group of Findus, Young’s and The Seafood Company, bring together a leading frozen food business in the Nordics, a leading frozen and chilled seafood company in the U.K., and a fast-growing frozen food business in France. In the Nordics, Findus is an iconic brand delivering premium frozen food across all major categories of fish, vegetables, meals and bakery. In the U.K., Young’s has a market leading position in branded seafood through the Young’s brand and supplies most of the major U.K. retailers with private-label chilled seafood. In Southern Europe, Findus is the market leader for frozen food in France, and the market leader in frozen vegetables in Spain. In its most recent fiscal year, the Group reported over £1.2 billion of turnover.












ghd

Industry:
Personal Care
Geography:
Global
Investment:
March 2013
Exit:
November 2016
Website:
ghdhair.com









Premium hair styling appliances and products
Founded in 2001, ghd revolutionised the hair styling market by developing a hair iron based on superior patent-protected technology that enabled stylists to straighten and style hair quickly and with less damage. Today, ghd is a leading manufacturer and retailer of premium hair styling irons, complementary wet products and other hair styling accessories, enjoying unmatched levels of customer loyalty in its core markets. Products are sold through a direct presence in ghd-approved hair salons in 14 countries across several markets in Europe, as well as Australia, South Africa and the U.S., in addition to its own website and via premium high street retailers. In its most recent fiscal year, ghd generated over £155 million in sales.
Behind the leadership of a new management team appointed by Lion Capital, ghd achieved 9% annualized top-line growth supported by the successful expansion of the brand’s core styler range through several new product launches.  The company also capitalized on ghd’s credentials as a technology leader to enter into the hair drying and curling categories.   In November 2016, Lion sold the company to Coty, one of the world’s leading beauty companies.









Grenade

Industry:
Food & Beverage
Geography:
U.K.
Investment:
March 2017
Website:
grenade.com









An innovative, fast-growing active nutrition brand
Grenade is a fast-growing international active nutrition brand based in the UK. The company was founded in 2010, and is particularly well-known for its industry-leading ‘Carb Killa’ range of high-protein, low-sugar snacking bars and drinks. The brand is widely recognised as one of the most innovative players in this fast-growing category, and has a loyal following of consumers across a wide range of demographics. Grenade’s healthy, functional snacking products and supplements are sold in over 100 countries and the company has a number of industry-leading products in major convenience stores, health-food shops and supermarkets. Lion Capital intends to support the brand’s continued growth through new product development as well as expansion of distribution across channels and geographies. 









HEMA

Industry:
Retail
Geography:
Europe
Investment:
July 2007
Website:
hema.nl 









International general merchandise retailer of products under the HEMA brand
HEMA is an international general merchandise retailer with more than 680 stores across the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxemburg, France, Germany and the U.K. selling an extensive product offering in every household category under the HEMA brand. An 80-year old institution, HEMA employs an in-house design and development team that supports the company’s creative, modern product design and strong value pricing. The company is a leader in many product categories in the Netherlands where it enjoys virtually 100% brand awareness.









Jimmy Choo

Industry:
Apparel & Accessories
Geography:
Global 
Investment:
December 2004
Exit:
February 2007
Website:
jimmychoo.com









Iconic luxury fashion brand
At the time of Lion Capital’s acquisition of the company, Jimmy Choo was a leading worldwide luxury brand specialising in women's shoes, known for their sexy cut, fashionable design, and exceptional Italian craftsmanship, and handbags. The company also offered small leather goods, later adding scarves, sunglasses, eyewear, belts, fragrance and men’s shoes. Headquartered in London, Jimmy Choo evolved from a niche shoe producer in 1996 to a global luxury brand, operating more than 150 retail stores in 32 countries, selling through prestigious department and specialty stores worldwide.
Under Lion Capital’s ownership, the company doubled the number of retail points of sale, and achieved 25% annualised growth in shoe sales whilst handbag sales grew at an annualised rate of over 100%. Over this same two-year period, both sales and EBITDA nearly doubled. In February 2007, Lion sold the company to TowerBrook Capital Partners.












John Varvatos

Industry:
Apparel & Accessories
Geography:
U.S./U.K.
Investment:
April 2012
Website:
johnvarvatos.com









Award-winning men's lifestyle brand
John Varvatos is a brand that occupies a unique place in the landscape of American design. It unites old world craftsmanship and refined tailoring with modern innovations in textiles and a rock 'n' roll sensibility. Launched in 2000 with a collection of tailored clothing and sportswear, the brand now represents an entire lifestyle that includes belts, bags, footwear, eyewear, limited edition watches, luxury skincare and fragrances, as well as the younger, edgier John Varvatos Star USA collection, and Converse by John Varvatos. Since launching the company in 2000, designer John Varvatos has been recognised three times by the CFDA with an American Fashion Award for New Menswear Designer (June 2000), Menswear Designer of the Year (June 2001 and June 2005), and was honored as GQ’s “Designer of the Year” in 2007. The collection is distributed in freestanding John Varvatos boutiques across the U.S., through the company’s web-presence, and in high-end department stores throughout the world. In 2014, John Varvatos generated sales of over $130 million.



BRAND ACTIVITIES





SPRING/SUMMER 2016 FASHION SHOW







FALL/WINTER 2015 FASHION SHOW






VIEW PDF













Kettle Foods

Industry:
Food & Beverage
Geography:
U.S./U.K. 
Investment:
September 2006
Exit:
March 2010
Website:
kettlefoods.com









Leading brand of all-natural snacking products
Established in 1978, at the time of Lion Capital’s acquisition Kettle Foods was a pioneer of and one of the leaders in the premium kettle-cooked potato chip category, with a commitment to making every product with all natural ingredients and without trans fats, artificial flavors or preservatives. Packaged in state-of-the-art facilities in the U.S. and U.K. and distributed throughout North America, the U.K., Western Europe and several countries in Asia, Kettle branded products included fried and baked potato chips, along with nuts and nut-mixes. Acknowledged by AC Nielsen as having created the 'premium' chip category in the U.K., the company enjoyed a 60% market share in the natural channel and 18% of the total premium chips category in the U.S.
Under Lion Capital’s ownership from 2006 to 2010, Kettle Foods achieved significant distribution and market penetration gains in the U.K. and the U.S., leading to double-digit annualised growth in group revenues. In 2007, the company added a second manufacturing facility in the U.S., doubling capacity in that market and significantly reducing distribution costs. Strong revenue growth and margin improvements led to 30% annualised growth in profitability over this same period. In the final year of Lion's ownership, Kettle employed over 700 people and generated sales of over $250 million. In March 2010, Lion Capital sold Kettle Foods to Diamond Foods, Inc. (NASDAQ: DMND).









La Senza

Industry:
Apparel & Accessories
Geography:
Europe
Investment:
July 2006
Exit:
January 2012
Website:
lasenza.co.uk









Specialty lingerie retailer in the U.K. and Europe
At the time of Lion Capital’s investment, La Senza was a market leading intimate and lingerie retailer specialising in bras, loungewear, daywear and accessories. Headquartered in London, the company was the largest independent lingerie retailer in the U.K. To differentiate itself, the brand combined a broad product offering, distinctive packaging and superior customer service. This focus offered customers a boutique-like experience at an affordable price, and the company enjoyed a high level of brand awareness, anchored by a strong position with women aged 15 to 29. La Senza sold products through a network of retail outlets that grew to 212 under Lion’s ownership.
Following an initial two years of growth under our ownership, La Senza suffered a significant decline in trading through the year-end holiday season in 2008, primarily due to the difficult high street retail environment in the U.K. In 2009, Lion Capital put in place initiatives to simplify and stabilise the business, and La Senza’s trading levels rebounded. However, the retailing environment in the U.K. deteriorated again in 2011, and La Senza’s performance declined to a point where it was unable to continue trading as a going concern. On 23 December 2011, La Senza U.K. filed for administration citing "trading conditions" as one of the conditions for closure.









Loungers

Industry:
Retail
Geography:
U.K.
Investment:
December 2016
Website:
www.thelounges.co.uk









Chain of informal, all-day neighborhood café-bars
Loungers is a fast-growing UK chain of informal, all-day, neighborhood café-bars, founded in Bristol in 2002. The Lounges are places where families, friends, and local residents can come for a coffee, a drink or something to eat in a relaxed and comfortable environment.  The menu is available all day and offers a wide range of dishes alongside an extensive selection of coffee and loose-leaf teas, cakes & pastries, freshly squeezed juices, wines, draught beers and cocktails. In 2010, Loungers launched a second brand, Cosy Club, which offers a slightly more formal occasion with several upscale additions to its food menu and a more extensive drinks offering. Both formats successfully combine elements of casual dining, British pub and coffee shop culture, appealing to a broad range of occasions and demographics. Loungers has grown rapidly over the past five years to nearly 100 sites across the UK. Lion Capital plans to expand its presence through further rollout into new locations.









Materne

Industry:
Food & Beverage
Geography:
France
Investment:
August 2004
Exit:
December 2006
Website:
materne.fr









Leading manufacturer of branded compotes and jams, as well as industrial preserves
Headquartered in France, at the time of Lion Capital’s acquisition Materne specialised in producing fruit compotes, jams and fillings for consumer products and the foodservice and catering industry. The majority of Materne’s products were sold in France, with a small export component to Benelux countries and the U.K. At the time of Lion’s ownership, Materne was the second largest producer of jams in France through the Materne, Confipote and Pom’Potes brands, and the market leader in France in the fruit snack pouches category under the Pom’Potes brand. Materne was also the market leader of the fruit compotes category within both the pouch and cup formats.
Over the course of our ownership, Lion Capital achieved a turnaround in Materne’s operational performance that led to a near doubling of its profitability by the second year of our investment. In December 2006, Lion sold the company to Activa Capital, owner of Mont Blanc, a leading manufacturer of ambient dairy cream desserts in France.









Nidan

Industry:
Food & Beverage
Geography:
Russia 
Investment:
October 2007
Exit:
August 2010









Russian juice producer
Founded in Siberia in 1998, at the time of Lion Capital’s investment Nidan was the fourth largest juice producer in Russia, selling more than 100 varieties of juices, nectars and fruit drinks, with a number one position in Siberia. Nidan’s portfolio of branded juice products was led by flagship brand, Moya Semya, and included the Sokos, Caprice, Caprice Tea, Champion and Da! brands. The company enjoyed an extensive distribution network across Russia and Eastern Europe. Headquartered in Moscow, Nidan operated 20 production lines in two plants with total capacity of more than 870 million litres of production per annum. 
Under Lion Capital’s ownership, sales growth was reinvigorated through increased investment in Nidan’s leading beverage brands along with a reinvigoration of new product development activities. Lion also undertook certain operational improvements to reduce overhead expenses and increase efficiencies within the production facilities of the business. In August 2010, Lion Capital sold Nidan to The Coca-Cola Company.









Orangina Schweppes

Industry:
Food & Beverage
Geography:
Europe
Investment:
February 2006
Exit:
November 2009
Website:
oranginaschweppes.com









Fruit-based stills and soft drinks beverage company
Headquartered in Paris, during Lion Capital’s ownership Orangina Schweppes was the number three player in the 31 billion-litre European soft drinks market. The company marketed, bottled and distributed several carbonated soft drinks, stills and other beverages across several European markets under five market-leading premium brands (Schweppes, Orangina, La Casera, Oasis and TriNa). At the time of Lion’s exit in 2009, Orangina Schweppes generated annual sales of over €1.0 billion.
Over the course of our investment, several key strategic changes were brought to bear on the operations of the company, supported by a significant number of new appointments to the senior management team.  Increased support of the key brands and investment in innovation led to a reinvigoration of the company’s core brands. Certain non-core businesses were exited whilst several complementary acquisitions expanded the company’s presence in the Ukraine, Portugal and within the French fruit concentrate category. Under the leadership of a largely new senior management team, Orangina Schweppes achieved above-market financial performance that led to Suntory Holdings acquiring the company from co-owners Lion Capital and The Blackstone Group in late 2009.

OUR APPROACH FOR Orangina Schweppes
Geographic Expansion
Driving international business expansion at Orangina Schweppes was an important component of Lion Capital’s growth strategy for the business. Under Lion’s ownership, the company established partnerships in Sweden and Norway and entered emerging markets in India, Vietnam, Russia and Ukraine. Orangina Schweppes also aligned the brand portfolio with a new strategy to focus on fruit-based drinks, specifically within the fast growing stills category, where acquisitions were also made in Portugal and France. 

SEE MORE STORIES OF Geographic Expansion >

Operating Improvements
Prior to our acquisition, Orangina Schweppes brands were suffering declines in volumes, price per litre and market share. Lion Capital pursued change in several areas operationally, implementing cost cutting initiatives and cross-border synergies and streamlining the supply chain. These steps combined with our top line growth strategy led to a turnaround in the business. By the end of Lion's ownership period in 2009, Orangina Schweppes was the fastest-growing food and beverage company in France ahead of Danone, Coca-Cola and Heineken.

SEE MORE STORIES OF Operating Improvements >




BRAND ACTIVITIES



























Perricone MD

Industry:
Personal Care
Geography:
Global 
Investment:
May 2014
Website:
perriconemd.com









Premium anti-ageing skincare
Founded in 1997 by Dr. Nicholas Perricone, Perricone MD is a premium anti-ageing skincare brand that pioneered a ground-breaking approach to impede and help repair damage to skin utilising nutrient antioxidants in cosmeceutical formulations. These advanced anti-ageing topical treatments set a new industry standard for product efficacy, therein creating the ‘cosmeceutical’ category within skincare. Perricone MD has since established itself as the pre-eminent anti-ageing authority with the brand growing to become synonymous with cutting edge innovation in the category of science-based skincare. Today, Perricone MD offers a range of anti-ageing topicals and supplements, underpinned by a library of over 90-patented ingredients and formulas based on decades of research. Headquartered in San Francisco, CA, Perricone MD generated sales of $86 million in 2014.









Personna

Industry:
Personal Care
Geography:
Global
Investment:
July 2006
Exit:
February 2010
Website:
asrco.com









Private-label wet shaving blades and systems manufacturer
Originally founded in 1875, at the time of Lion Capital’s ownership Personna was the leading global manufacturer of private-label wet shaving razors and blades, and industrial and specialty blades. The company’s products were sold in more than 85 countries, with four manufacturing sites, nine packaging locations, and thirteen sales and distribution centres across the globe. Personna operated under two business divisions: a wet shaving division and an industrial division. The company was headquartered in Cedar Knolls, New Jersey.
After an initial few years of sales and earnings growth under Lion Capital’s ownership, Personna’s financial performance began to decline in 2009 when the company faced aggressive competition from certain private label and branded competitors. Following the loss of its largest U.S. customer and the entry into the private-label business by a large branded player (which marked a structural change to competition within the category), Personna’s financial performance deteriorated further. The company filed for protection under Chapter 11 with U.S. federal bankruptcy court in mid-2010 and later that year all of the company’s assets were acquired by Energizer Holdings, Inc.









Picard

Industry:
Retail
Geography:
Europe and Japan
Investment:
October 2010
Website:
picard.fr









Frozen food brand and retailer
Founded in 1974, Picard is the number one frozen food retailer in France, with a network of nearly 1,000 retailing outlets and a product range that offers customers over 1,100 unique offerings under the Picard brand. Picard is consistently recognised by customers for its high quality, choice, convenience and value. In 2014, Picard was voted the favourite retail concept by consumers in France. Picard also operates a much smaller portfolio of stores in Italy and has recently entered key markets in Sweden, Belgium and Luxembourg. In its most recent fiscal year, the company generated total sales of over €1.3 billion.









PittaRosso

Industry:
Retail
Geography:
Europe
Investment:
December 2014
Website:
pittarosso.com









Leading shoe retailer in Italy
Founded in the 1920s by the Pittarello family, PittaRosso is a leading retailer in the Italian footwear market with a network of over 100 stores and a growing international presence of approximately 20 stores across France, Croatia and Slovenia. Through standard format stores averaging 1,500 square meters, PittaRosso sells a wide and diverse offering of footwear and complementary accessories for the whole family at attractive price points. The company is recognised for the quality of its product assortment and compelling value proposition for its customers. With an extensive supplier network in Italy and internationally that includes many leading sport shoe brands, PittaRosso is able to offer on-trend footwear for men, women and children at an unparalleled price-to-value ratio. PittaRosso generated sales of over €230 million in 2014.









Russian Alcohol Group

Industry:
Food & Beverage
Geography:
Russia
Investment:
June 2008
Exit:
December 2009
Website:
www.rusalco.com









Russia's largest producer of vodka and premixed alcoholic beverages 
At the time of Lion’s investment, the Russian Alcohol Group was the leading producer of vodka in Russia, with a portfolio of exceptional brands and the farthest-reaching distribution network in the country. The company’s product range included Zelenaya Marka (Green Mark), the largest vodka brand by volume in Russia and Eastern Europe, and Zhuravli (Cranes), one of the best-performing brands in the premium vodka segment. The company was also a leader in the production of branded ready-to-drink alcoholic cocktails. Headquartered in Moscow, the brand generated sales of over $400 million in 2009.
Lion Capital supported the company through a period of exceptional growth by supplementing the founding management team with experienced international executives, simplifying operations to drive cost efficiencies and service levels, and improving reporting and process disciplines to enable the business to eventually be integrated into a multinational group. During Lion’s ownership, the company’s key brands grew strongly and gained market share. In late 2009, Central European Distribution Corporation, one of the world’s largest spirits businesses, acquired Lion’s stake in Russian Alcohol Group.









Spence Diamonds

Industry:
Retail
Geography:
Canada
Investment:
April 2015
Website:
spencediamonds.com









Leading direct seller of custom-made engagement rings in Canada
Founded in 1978 in Vancouver, Spence is the leading direct seller of custom-made engagement rings with seven showrooms in Canada. Showrooms average 6,000 square feet and feature 2,500+ different ring styles displayed in open showcases to encourage browsing and interaction with the merchandise. The company, recognised for its wide choice of quality diamonds and sought after rings designs, employs highly trained sales consultants who are on hand to guide customers through the ring selection process. By empowering customers with education on diamonds and delivering quality stones at a superior value through vertical integration, Spence has maintained a leadership position in the category for over 30 years. In 2014, the company generated sales of CAD $48 million.









Vaasan Group

Industry:
Food & Beverage
Geography:
Europe 
Investment:
July 2007
Exit:
June 2015
Website:
vaasan.com









Producer of bakery products across Nordic and Baltic regions
At the time of Lion Capital’s acquisition, the Vaasan Group was a leading producer of bakery products across the Nordic and Baltic regions, with a strong portfolio of local champion brands. The Group offered market-leading production and distribution capabilities with a focus on developing healthy snacking products for domestic and international markets. The company operated 18 production sites and distributed its products daily to over 6,500 retail outlets across the Nordic and Baltic region, as well as exporting to over 40 international markets. In 2014, the company generated over €390 million of sales.
In June 2015, Lion Capital sold Vaasan to Lantmännen Group, a Swedish agricultural cooperative and owner of Lantmännen Unibake, an international bakery company and manufacturer of frozen and fresh bread products for both the food service and food retail sectors. The merger of the two businesses created a leading Nordic player in the bakery sector with a broad product range servicing customers across multiple channels.









wagamama

Industry:
Retail
Geography:
U.K. 
Investment:
July 2005
Exit:
April 2011
Website:
wagamama.com









Japanese-inspired noodle bar restaurant chain
At the time of Lion Capital’s acquisition of the company, wagamama was the U.K.’s leading chain of branded Japanese-style noodle bars, offering meals based around ramen and udon noodles in broth, various noodle-based dry dishes, curries and accompaniments as well as fresh juices and smoothies. Since its establishment in 1992, the chain had grown to 32 company-owned restaurants in the U.K., with franchised operations in seven other countries in Europe, the Middle East and Australasia at the time of Lion’s initial investment.
Over the course of Lion Capital’s ownership, wagamama’s restaurant estate more than doubled through the opening of nearly 40 restaurants in the United Kingdom, three in the United States (which was the brand’s first entry into the market), and 25 franchised restaurants in 16 countries in Europe, the Middle East and Australasia. The development of a smaller restaurant format during this period supported the brand’s expansion in the U.K. Several operational improvements supported the expansion of profit margins, enabling the company to grow earnings through a challenging recessionary period. In April 2011, Lion Capital sold the company to Duke Street.

OUR APPROACH FOR wagamama
Geographic Expansion
Under Lion Capital’s ownership, wagamama stepped up its penetration of current and new markets rolling out nearly 70 new restaurants worldwide.  The successful expansion led to strong and consistent sales growth and transformed the brand from a London-focused chain into an international restaurant brand.

SEE MORE STORIES OF Geographic Expansion >













Weetabix

Industry:
Food & Beverage
Geography:
U.K./U.S.
Investment:
February 2004
Exit:
April 2015
Website:
www.weetabix.co.uk









Leading British breakfast cereal company
Founded in 1932, at the time of Lion Capital’s acquisition of the company, Weetabix was a leading manufacturer of cereal and cereal-related products under its own brands and private label in the United Kingdom, exporting to more than 80 countries and operating in North America, South Africa, Germany and Spain. The Weetabix brand was one of the most recognisable names in the grocery sector, with some of the highest levels of awareness by any consumer brand in the market. The company maintained the strongest health credentials of any major cereal manufacturer in the U.K. with a portfolio of well-recognised brands that included Weetabix, Oatibix, Minis, Ready brek, Alpen and Weetos. In 2014, Weetabix generated sales of over £490 million.
Over the course of Lion Capital’s ownership, Weetabix steadily improved its financial performance under a senior management team appointed by Lion. Extensive investment in the company’s brands and a reinvigoration of product innovation led to the launch of several new products, which drove sales growth, whilst improvements in the operations of the company supported profit margins. In late 2012, Lion Capital sold 60% of Weetabix to Bright Food, a multinational food and beverages manufacturing company headquartered in Shanghai, with Lion retaining the remainder of its equity stake in the business. In April 2015, Lion Capital sold its remaining shares in Weetabix to Bright Food.

OUR APPROACH FOR Weetabix
Product Innovation
Lion Capital saw the opportunity to drive growth by Weetabix through new product development especially in the ready-to-eat segment and with on-the-go breakfast solutions, drawing on Weetabix’s reputation for superior product quality and high nutritional profile. Under Lion’s ownership, Weetabix reinvigorated product innovation and brand development activities, launching several new products and range extensions including Weetabix Crispy Minis, Oatibix, Oatiflakes, Alpen Light Bars, Oaty bars and On The Go Breakfast Drink.

SEE MORE STORIES OF Product Innovation >

Operating Improvements
In addition to the recruitment of a new management team, Lion Capital pursued change in several areas operationally that led to improvements in manufacturing and corporate costs, logistics, and raw material purchasing. Operational improvement plans successfully led to significant cost reduction and simplification of Weetabix’s manufacturing and operational footprint. 

SEE MORE STORIES OF Operating Improvements >











WALKER GUIDELINES SUPPORT

INFORMATION RELATED TO WALKER GUIDELINES
 Lion Capital LLP embraces the spirit of the Guidelines for Disclosure and Transparency in Private Equity as recommended by Sir David Walker (the “Guidelines”) and has made a commitment to conform to the recommendations and principles outlined in the Guidelines. This includes promoting conformity with the Guidelines (where relevant) on the part of those companies acquired by its Funds.
 Structure of Lion Capital LLP
 Lion Capital LLP is an English limited liability partnership authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority. It currently manages four funds structured as English limited partnerships, known as Lion Capital Fund I, Lion Capital Fund II, Lion Capital Fund III, and Lion Capital 2015 Fund (the “Funds”). 
History and Investment Approach 
  Please refer to the About and Approach sections within this website. Please also see the Brands section of this website, which contains case study examples of investments made by the Funds. Lion Capital is a long-term investor and, as such, normally holds its investments in companies over several years.
Investments in UK-based Companies 
  The Funds currently hold investments in the following companies that are headquartered or have significant operations in the United Kingdom. 
  Loungers
  Grenade
  Young’s Seafood
Leadership of Lion Capital 
  Lion Capital has an Operating Committee, chaired by Lyndon Lea as Managing Partner. The other members of the Operating Committee are Robert Darwent and Simon Brown. The Operating Committee directs the overall business of Lion Capital. In addition the Investment Committee, comprised of Lyndon Lea (Chair), Robert Darwent and Javier Ferran, makes all investment and divestment decisions in respect of the funds Lion Capital is responsible for managing and/or advising. Please refer to the About section within this website for biographical information on Lion’s senior management team.
 Conflicts of Interest
  Lion Capital LLP has established mechanisms for managing potential conflicts of interest that may arise in the course of its business undertakings (including those of the Funds). These procedures include, but are not limited to, the establishment of internal guidelines that are monitored by the firm’s Compliance Officer and external committees of third-party investors of the Funds for addressing certain potential conflicts related to investment activities.
 Responsible Communications 
  Lion Capital LLP commits, in accordance with the Guidelines, to ensuring timely and effective communication with employees, either directly or through any relevant portfolio company, in particular at the time of a strategic initiative or transaction involving a relevant portfolio company, as soon as confidentiality constraints cease to be applicable. Lion Capital LLP commits to employ industry-established guidelines in the valuation of assets acquired by the Funds.
 Lion Capital Investor Base 
  Over forty institutions have committed capital to the Lion Capital Funds, including some of the largest and most sophisticated institutional investors in the world.


 

  

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



INVESTOR CODE OF CONDUCT

Lion Capital LLP (“Lion Capital” or the “Firm”) is a responsible investment fund manager that strives to maintain the highest standards of integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business. The Firm encourages the furtherance of strong ethical and professional principles across all of its business activities, from its interactions with business owners and executives to its engagement of third-party advisors and its introduction to and ongoing partnership with institutions and individuals that commit capital to Lion Capital Sponsored Funds (“Investors”).
  Lion Capital acknowledges its obligations to its Investors and, in addition to applicable laws, rules and regulations that govern investment firms, Lion Capital has implemented this Code of Conduct (“Code of Conduct”) to set forth certain guiding principles governing its interactions with its Investors and other related matters. 
  This Code of Conduct sets forth the expected standard of ethical and legal behaviour applicable to all Lion Capital Executives, emphasises the necessity of adherence to the highest standards of compliance and regulation and imposes requirements relating to transparency and accountability. All Lion Capital Executives are signatories to this Code of Conduct, which supplements the Firm’s Compliance Manual. Breach of this Code of Conduct is a serious matter for any such person and may lead to disciplinary action and, ultimately, termination of their employment with or membership of the Firm, as applicable. 
  Given the variety and complexity of the arrangements relating to Lion Capital, its business, investments, Investors and other stakeholders, this Code of Conduct necessarily only serves as a guide to the principles to be applied in any particular scenario. In case of any doubt, personnel should seek advice from the Firm’s Compliance Officer (Richard Lewis) or Lyndon Lea to ensure their actions comply with both the letter and spirit of this Code of Conduct.
  Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined, have the meanings given in Section 7.
 Section 1: Conflicts of Interest
  Lion Capital holds itself to the highest standard of conduct with respect to its interactions with Investors. In furtherance of this goal, Lion Capital prohibits activities which may contribute to or do not adequately address any conflict of interest between itself and its Investors. 
  Specifically, Lion Capital will not engage in:
  - “revolving door” employment practices with respect to former employees of its Investors, to include employing or compensating in any way any executive, employee or fiduciary of an Investor for two years after termination of such person’s relationship with the Investor;
  - the pursuit of any direct or indirect financial, commercial or business relationship with any Investor official, executive, employee or fiduciary, an employee or fiduciary of an investment adviser or consultant to an Investor, or any Relatives of such persons;
  - the extension of improper gifts to Investor officials, executives, employees or fiduciaries in breach of section 4 of this Code;
  - the misuse of confidential information supplied by Investors, but will use every effort to protect all sensitive or confidential Investor information and will use such information only for performing the services for which Lion Capital has been engaged.
  Lion Capital is mindful of conflicts that may arise between itself and its Sponsored Funds and complies with both the governing agreements of these Funds in this regard and the regulatory rules and principles applicable to the Firm and its personnel.
  All Executives are obliged to disclose to the Compliance Officer any material transaction or relationship that could give rise to a conflict of interest and may not enter into any such transaction unless and until it has been approved by the Firm. 
  Personal dealing and conflicts of interests are also specifically addressed by the Firm’s Compliance Manual.
 Section 2: Use of Third Parties to Secure Investor Commitments
  Lion Capital has used and is likely to continue to retain third parties in an advisory and/or fund-raising capacity to assist it in raising funds (“Placement Agents”). When engaging a Placement Agent, Lion Capital will enter into a written contract that specifies the scope of services to be performed and the fee arrangement. In addition, Lion Capital will only engage Placement Agents who adhere to (i) the European Private Equity and Venture Capital Association Placement Agents Supplementary Code of Conduct, dated June 2009, as the same may be amended from time to time (the “EVCA Code”) and (ii) this Code of Conduct insofar as it pertains to Placement Agents. 
  A. General Placement Agent Standards 
  Lion Capital will only retain a Placement Agent that:
  - is registered and/or authorised with, and regulated by, as applicable, appropriate regulatory bodies in each jurisdiction in which it undertakes regulated activities; 
  - possesses the licenses or certifications required by legal, governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organisations to which the Placement Agent or its representatives are subject;
  - is in the habitual, systematised business of soliciting capital commitments from prospective Investors; and
  - operates in an environment with established compliance and oversight processes.
  Furthermore, Lion Capital will only engage a Placement Agent that:
  - maintains high standards of probity, integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business;
  - performs reasonable due diligence in respect of potential Investors commensurate with the scope of its engagement;
  - does not make or offer to make any payments or provide other consideration or benefit directly or indirectly with a view to inducing a prospective Investor to enter into contractual negotiations with Sponsored Funds; and
  - employs appropriately qualified staff, authorised and supervised commensurate with the capacity in which they are employed and the jurisdictions in which they operate.
  B. Restrictions on Placement Agents with Respect to Public Pension Funds
  Lion Capital will not directly or indirectly hire, engage, utilise, retain or compensate any person or entity, including but not limited to any Placement Agent, lobbyist, Solicitor, intermediary or consultant, to directly or indirectly communicate for any purpose with any official, executive, employee or fiduciary of a Public Pension Fund in connection with any transaction or investment between Lion Capital and the Public Pension Fund where to do so would violate, or would cause Lion Capital or any of its Executives to violate, any laws, rules, regulations, policy statements or codes of conduct applicable to any such Public Pension Fund. Where appropriate this restriction shall include but shall not be limited to:
  - introducing, finding, referring, facilitating, arranging, expediting, fostering or establishing a relationship with, or obtaining access to a Public Pension Fund.
  - soliciting an investment from a Public Pension Fund; or
  - influencing or attempting to influence the outcome of any investment or other financial decision by a Public Pension Fund.
  For further clarity, the foregoing restrictions do not apply to:
  - any Executive of Lion Capital who is acting within the scope of his or her normal professional duties on behalf of Lion Capital;
  - any person or entity whose sole basis of compensation from Lion Capital is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance that is unrelated to any solicitation, introduction, finding, or referral of clients to Lion Capital or the brokering, fostering, establishing or maintaining of a relationship between Lion Capital and a Public Pension Fund; or
  - lobbying of a government or legislature on issues unrelated to investment or other financial decisions by Public Pension Funds or their Advisors.
 Section 3: Restrictions on Campaign Contributions and Solicitations 
  Lion Capital’s policies on campaign contributions and solicitations are designed to (i) protect the integrity of Lion Capital’s fundraising activities pertaining to its Sponsored Funds by avoiding conflicts or the appearance thereof with politically connected Investors, (ii) prevent any Lion Capital Executive from attributing their personal political activities to Lion Capital and (iii) ensure that Lion Capital complies with applicable restrictions and limits on political contributions and gifts made by employees to any officeholders, candidates for office, and political action committees throughout the world. 
  In connection with the foregoing principles, Lion Capital does not make (nor encourage any Lion Capital Executive to make) Contributions to Officials and Public Pension Fund Officials. Any Lion Capital Executive wishing to make such a contribution privately must have this pre-cleared with the Compliance Officer.
  Lion Capital Executives engaged in personal political activity (e.g., election campaign work, solicitation of contributions), that are not prohibited by this Code of Conduct, must not attribute such activity to Lion Capital. Lion Capital’s name, facilities, property and resources (including e-mails) may not be used in connection with political activities.
  Contributions to any political organisation must be disclosed to, and approved by, the Compliance Officer. 
  New Executives of Lion Capital will be required to disclose to the Compliance Officer all Contributions to any political organisation made by such Executive within two years prior to joining Lion Capital or such longer period of time as may be determined by the Compliance Officer.
 Section 4: Gifts and Business Entertainment 
  It is the general policy of Lion Capital to not provide any of its Investors or prospective Investors with Gifts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood that Lion Capital may hold periodic meetings of (i) some or all of its Investors or (ii) members of its Funds’ Investor Advisory Boards (or equivalent bodies) and attendees at such meetings may receive meals, accommodation, refreshments, participation in customary business-related activities (e.g., a round of golf) and Portfolio Company or Lion Capital branded items (such items limited to a value of $100 in each case). 
  In addition to the foregoing, Lion Capital may provide Business Entertainment to certain Investors (such as individual Investors) who are not subject to the same conflicts of interest considerations as other Investors. Any such entertainment above a de minimis value must be approved by the Compliance Officer. While any Business Entertainment provided to such Investors must be in accordance with the spirit of this Code, it is recognised that such Investors are not subject to the same constraints as individuals who themselves are subject to fiduciary obligations. Nonetheless, no Gift which is (or may be construed as) not customary business practice, or the purpose of which is to gain an unfair business advantage, shall be given or received by the Firm or any Executive. 
 Section 5: Disclosures to Investors or Prospective Investors 
  Upon request by any Lion Capital Investor, Lion will disclose all relevant information related to its engagement of Placement Agents and the qualifications of its Executives engaged in the solicitation of Investor commitments. Lion Capital will also provide a prospective Investor with the same information during such prospective Investor’s due diligence process, subject to such prospective Investor agreeing to customary confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements. 
 Section 6: Education and Training 
  All Lion Capital Executives must sign this Code of Conduct as an affirmation of their commitment to the standards and principles detailed within. Lion Capital will train all new relevant Executives on the requirements set out in the Code within a reasonable time of their joining of the Firm. On an annual basis, the Compliance Officer shall review the requirements set out within this Code with all of the Firm’s Executives and require a certification from each Executive attesting to their completion of the review.
 
 Section 7: Selected Definitions 
  “Business Entertainment” means meals, sporting, theatre, concert and other events requiring tickets, travel, accommodation, conferences and other forms of ordinary course entertainment. 
  “Compliance Officer” means the designated Compliance Officer of Lion Capital or any other member who performs the functions of a compliance officer. 
  “Contribution” means any gift, subscription, loan, advance, or deposit of money or anything of value made for: 
  (i) The purpose of influencing any election for office;
 (ii) Payment of debt incurred in connection with any such election; or
  (iii) Transition or inaugural expenses of the successful candidate for any such election.“Covered Person” means any person or entity that does business with or potentially could conduct business with or on behalf of Lion Capital and includes without limitation Lion Capital’s investors, portfolio companies, vendors, service providers, law firms, investment banks, broker dealers, accounting firms and consultants.
  “Executive” means any partner, member, employee or other officer of the Firm. 
  “Gift” means any object, services, or other item of value (including tickets to an event unless the donor and recipient both attend the event) given or received by an Executive to or from a Covered Person.
  “Government Entity” means a country or a state, or political subdivision of such country or state, including: 
  (i) Any agency, authority, or instrumentality of the country or state or a political subdivision of such;
 (ii) Plan or pools of assets controlled by the country or state or a political subdivision of such or any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof; and
  (iii) Officers, agents, or employees of the country or state or political subdivision of such or any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof, acting in their official capacity.
  “Lobbying” shall mean, for the purposes of this Code of Conduct, any attempt to directly or indirectly influence a determination by a (1) Public Pension Fund Official, (2) Official, (3) any fiduciary of a Public Pension Fund, (4) Public Pension Fund Advisor, or (5) any other person or entity working in cooperation with any of the above, related to a procurement of investment management or advisory services by a Public Pension Fund, including without limitation a determination by a Public Pension Fund to place an investment with the Firm
  “Official” means any person (including any election committee for the person) who was, at the time of a Contribution, an incumbent, candidate or successful candidate: 
  (i) For an elective office of a Government Entity, if the office is directly or indirectly responsible for, or can directly influence the outcome of, the Public Pension Fund’s investment with or engagement of the Firm; or 
 (ii) For any elective office of a Government Entity, if the office has authority to appoint any person who is directly or indirectly responsible for, or can directly influence the outcome of, the Public Pension Fund’s investment with or engagement of the Firm.Communication with an Official includes communications with the employees and advisors of such Official.
  “Placement Agent” means any third party intermediary that is directly or indirectly hired, engaged, utilised, retained or compensated (regardless of whether upon a fixed, contingent or any other basis) or otherwise given any other tangible or intangible item or benefit having monetary value by the Firm for facilitating the placement of an investment in a Sponsored Fund. A Placement Agent does not include a bona fide Executive or any person whose sole basis of compensation from the Firm is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance unrelated to soliciting, introducing, finding, or referring clients to the Firm or attempting to influence in any way an existing or potential investment in or business relationship with the Firm.
  “Public Pension Fund” means any retirement plan established or maintained for its employees (current or former) by the government of any country or political subdivision thereof, or by any agency or instrumentality of any of the foregoing.
  “Public Pension Fund Advisor” means any external firm or individual engaged by a Public Pension Fund to assist in the selection of investments or investment management or advisory services for the Public Pension Fund.
  “Public Pension Fund Official” means any elected or appointed trustee or other official, staff member or employee whose official duties involve responsibility for a Public Pension Fund.
  “Relative” means a person related by blood or affinity (including a domestic partner) who resides in the same household. A person adopted into a family is considered a relative on the same basis as a natural born family member.
  “Solicitor” means any person or entity who in any way, directly or indirectly, solicits, finds, introduces or refers any client to the Firm, including without limitation any intermediary, consultant, broker, introducer, referrer, finder, public- or government-relations expert, or marketer. A Solicitor does not include any bona fide Executive or any person whose sole basis of compensation from the Firm is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance that is unrelated to any solicitation, introduction, finding, or referral of clients to the Firm or the brokering, fostering, establishing or maintaining a relationship between the Firm and a Public Pension Fund.
  “Sponsored Fund” means an investment fund sponsored, managed or advised by the Firm or its affiliate.<



TERMS & CONDITIONS

These Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) apply to the entire contents of this website under the domain name www.lioncapital.com (the “Website”). The Website is owned and operated by Lion Capital LLP (registered number OC308261) whose registered office is at 21 Grosvenor Place, London, SW1X 7HF (“Lion Capital”, also referred to as “our”, “we” or “us”). Lion Capital LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Lion Capital LLP is a member of the BVCA and EVCA. Please read the Terms and Conditions below carefully before using this Website. By using or visiting this Website you accept and agree to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions, do not use this Website.
 1 Introduction
  1.1 These Terms and Conditions, and the additional policy referenced below, (together the “Terms”) set-out how you may make use of the Website, whether as a guest or as a user registered to access secure areas of the Website, and what personal data Lion Capital may collect about you, and how and for what purpose Lion Capital may process data about you. 
  1.2 Our additional policy includes our {Privacy Policy link} which sets-out the terms on which Lion Capital processes any personal data which we collect from you, or that you produce to us. It also sets-out information about and the terms on which cookies are used on the Website. By using the Website, you also confirm that you have accepted the terms of this policy. The definitions used in these Terms and Conditions are also used in the abovementioned policy. 
  1.3 Lion Capital may revise the Terms at any time by amending the same. You should check the Website from time to time to review the current Terms, because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this Website.
 2 Intellectual Property Rights
  2.1 The contents of this Website are protected by international copyright laws and other intellectual property rights.
  2.2 The owner of these intellectual property rights is Lion Capital, its affiliates or other third parties. All such rights are reserved.
  2.3 All product and company names and logos mentioned on this Website are the trade marks, service marks or trading names of their respective owners, including us. Nothing on this Website shall be interpreted as granting any licence or right to use any image, trade mark, logo or service mark on the Website. 
  2.4 You are permitted to print and download extracts from this Website only for your personal reference, and only provided that:
  • no digital or hard copy documents or graphics present on this Website are modified or copied in any way;
  • no graphics on this Website are used separately from accompanying text; and
  • the status of Lion Capital (and that of any identified contributors) as the author of any material on this Website is always acknowledged by you.
  2.5 Other than as detailed in clause 2.4 of these Terms and Conditions, any commercial use or exploitation of this Website or its content is strictly prohibited. No part of this Website may be reproduced or stored, modified, copied, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed, by any means or in any manner, or included in any other website or in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service including but not limited to text, graphics, video, messages, code and/or software without our express prior written consent.
  2.6 Copying or downloading material from this Website does not transfer title to any material on this Website to you. Anything transmitted to this Website by you becomes Lion Capital’s property and may be used by us for any lawful purpose.
  2.7 You must not use this Website or the information and graphics on the Website in any way which infringes Lion Capital’s or any third party’s intellectual property rights.
  2.8 If in our reasonable opinion you have breached or are breaching any of the Terms, your permission to use this Website automatically terminates, we have the right to disable your user account and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed extracts from this Website.
 3 Access
  3.1 While Lion Capital endeavours to ensure that the Website is available 24 hours a day, Lion Capital shall not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time, for any period or for any reason. We reserve the right to make changes or corrections, alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Website, the content or services or products available through it, including your access to it.
  3.2 Lion Capital reserves the right to restrict certain areas of information accessible via the Website to our approved, registered users. If any area of the Website requires you to register with us, then we may accept or refuse your application for registration (in our absolute discretion). You agree to provide at all times truthful and accurate information in applying to register to use the Website and using any registration granted. Your registration will not be transferable and you are solely responsible for any activity which occurs on or through your user name, password or account, whether or not authorised by you and for keeping secure and confidential such details. You must not disclose your account’s user name or password (or other login details) to any third party. You must change your password immediately if you believe that your registration may have been used without your authorisation, and you must inform us of the same at info@lioncapital.com.
  3.3 We will keep your account’s user name and password confidential and it will only be used to support your relationship with Lion Capital. Lion Capital will not disclose or sell that information outside its corporate group, except in connection with the proposed or actual sale of the whole or part of Lion Capital’s business.
  3.4 You acknowledge that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws and regulations that may affect your access to this Website. This Website is not directed at any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this Website is prohibited or restricted, or which would subject Lion Capital to any regulatory or other requirements within such jurisdiction. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions or restrictions apply must not access the other pages on this Website or distribute any materials on the Website to other persons within any such restricted jurisdiction. 
  3.5 Lion Capital reserves the right to terminate your access to the Website at any time without notice.
 4 Acceptable Use
  4.1 You may not: (i) copy, reproduce, reverse engineer, distribute, publish, display, perform, modify, upload any information from, transmit, or in any way exploit the whole or any part of this Website; or (ii) use this Website in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent; or (iii) use the whole or any part of this Website for any public or commercial purpose or in any way exploit the whole or any part of the Website without the prior written permission of Lion Capital. 
  4.2 Information posted on the Website may be accessible to third parties by means of the internet or otherwise. Please do not transmit any confidential information to or through the Website. You acknowledge that communications transmitted by means of the Website are public and not private communications. 
  4.3 You must not use the Website for any unlawful or fraudulent purposes. You must not misuse our Website by introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. In particular, you must not access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt the Website or any part of it; any equipment or network on which the Website is stored; any software used in connection with the provision of the Website; or any equipment, software or website owned or used by a third party. You must not attack our Website via a denial-of-service attack.
  4.4 We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
  4.5 Without prejudice to its other rights or remedies, Lion Capital reserves the right to take legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs or losses (on an indemnity basis) resulting from your breach of this clause 4, and to disclose such information to law enforcement agencies as Lion Capital reasonably believes is necessary.
 5 Disclaimer
  5.1 While Lion Capital endeavours to ensure that the information on this Website is correct, Lion Capital does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the material on this Website or that such material is up to date. Lion Capital is under no obligation to update such material. The Website may contain typographical errors or other inaccuracies. Lion Capital disclaims all liability arising from your use of or reference to any third party content displayed on the Website, or the content of third party websites and resources with respect to which links are provided on the Website (“Third Party Material”).
  5.2 The material on this Website is provided “as is”, without any conditions, warranties or other terms of any kind. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Lion Capital provides you with this Website on the basis that Lion Capital excludes all representations, express or implied warranties, conditions and other terms which but for these Terms and Conditions might have effect in relation to this Website.
  5.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although Lion Capital will use its commercially reasonable efforts to protect your information, it cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to the Website; any transmission is at your own risk.
  5.4 The content of this Website is provided for general information only. No legal, investment or tax advice is being given on this Website. Nothing on this Website should be construed as any offer or invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any investment(s) or to provide any investment services.
  5.5 Lion Capital does not warrant that the Website is secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for ensuring that you have adequate virus protection software in place. 
 6 Liability
  6.1 Commentary and other materials posted on our Website are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. Lion Capital and its respective partners, officers, members, employees and advisers shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive, exemplary or consequential loss or any other damages or loss, nor for any loss of revenue, profit, business opportunity or business interruption, data, goodwill, reputation or anticipated savings suffered by any person as a result of reliance on a statement or omission on, or the use of, this Website. You should independently verify any information before relying on it.
  6.2 Where the Website contains Third Party Material, which is provided for your information only and you use such Third Party Material at your own risk. Lion Capital has no control over the Third Party Material (including any third parties’ data protection or privacy policies), and accepts no responsibility for the Third Party Material or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of or reference to the same, whether actual or consequential. The inclusion of the Third Party Material on the Website does not constitute an endorsement of those third parties’ websites, products or services. 
  6.3 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude or limit Lion Capital’s liability for:
  • death or personal injury caused by negligence (as such term is defined by the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977); or
  • fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or
  • any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law, including the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.
  6.4 To the extent permitted by law, Lion Capital excludes all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to the Website and the Website’s content whether express or implied.
 7 Confidentiality
  You agree that the data and information contained in, or accessible from, this Website have been prepared on a confidential basis solely for the benefit of selected investors. You agree to keep such information confidential (except to the extent otherwise agreed with us in writing).
 8 Trade Marks
  Lion Capital and the Lion Capital logos are registered trade marks of Lion Capital. 
 9 Breach
  Without prejudice to its other rights or remedies, Lion Capital reserves the right to take legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs or losses (on an indemnity basis) resulting from your breach of these Terms, and to disclose such information to law enforcement agencies as Lion Capital reasonably believes is necessary.
 10 Severability
  If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you agree that the other provisions of the Terms will remain in full force and effect in so far as possible.
 11 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
  The Terms are governed by and are to be construed in accordance with English law. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Terms.



PRIVACY POLICY

1 Introduction
  1.1 Lion Capital takes the protection of your privacy and personal data seriously. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather online about you when you visit the Website, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, that information. By using the Website, you consent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not use the Website.
  1.2 Please note that the definitions used in this Privacy Policy are defined in the {Terms and Conditions link}
  1.3 For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is Lion Capital LLP (registered number OC308261) of 21 Grosvenor Place, London, SW1X 7HF with data controller registration number Z1932831.
  1.4 Our nominated representative for the purpose of the Act is Lion Capital’s Compliance Office and Company Secretary, Richard Lewis.
 2 Information we may collect from you
  Lion Capital may collect and process the following data about you:
  • technical information: this will include information such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information (if appropriate), browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; 
  • information about your visit: this will including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Website (including date and time); page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page; 
  • personal information including name and email addresses as may be provided by you by email or telephone when contacting us or creating user profiles; and
  • statistical information about your visit to the Website including the pages you visited and which browsers are used to visit the Website.
 3 Use of information
  3.1 Lion Capital may use information held about you in the following ways:
  • to administer the Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
  • to improve the Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; and
  • as part of our efforts to keep the Website safe and secure.
  3.2 At times, we may utilise e-mail and your personal information to provide you with information that you have requested. 
 4 Disclosure
  4.1 Lion Capital may share your personal information with:
  • any member of the Lion Capital group, which means Lion Capital, our subsidiaries as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006, the general partner of any fund managed or advised by us or our subsidiaries and such general partner’s subsidiaries;
  • members and employees of the Lion Capital group; 
  • affiliates of Lion Capital; and
  • analytics, platform and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Website, including Intralinks. 
  4.2 Lion Capital may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
  • in the event that it sells or buys any business or assets, in which case it may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets or their advisors; 
  • if Lion Capital or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it, including about its investors will be one of the transferred assets; and
  • if it is under a duty to disclose or share your personal data by law or in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply the {Terms and Conditions link}, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Lion Capital.
  4.3 The personally identifiable information that you provide to us may be accessed by (or given to) our staff working outside the UK and the third parties referred to above, some of whom may be located outside the European Economic Area. Countries outside the European Economic Area may not necessarily have adequate data protection laws. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The personal data that we collect from you will be retained for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information was collected or as required by law.
 5 Where we store your personal data
  If you have a password to access secure areas of this Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. This password must not be shared with any third party. 
 6 Your rights
  The Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that Lion Capital does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. We suggest that you carefully review the {Terms and Conditions link} of use, and privacy policies, of each website that you visit before you submit any personal data to these websites. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of those websites linked to from our Website. Other websites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
 7 Access to information
  The Act gives you the right to access information we hold about you. You may exercise your right under the Act to access such information. We will request a fee of £10 to cover our administration costs in providing such information that we hold about you to you.
 8 Protection
  Lion Capital acknowledges your trust and is committed to protecting the information you provide us. Whilst we cannot guarantee the security of your information at all times, in order to prevent unauthorised access, maintain accuracy, and ensure proper use of information, we have employed physical, electronic, and managerial processes to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Any information that you give us is protected by a password for added security. Within our Website, your information is stored in password-protected, limited-access servers. Our servers reside behind a corporate firewall that maintains tight controls on any access to the system from both our internal network and the internet. 
 9 Changes to our Privacy Policy
  Lion Capital may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. You should check the Website from time to time to review the current Privacy Policy because it is binding on you.
 10 Cookies
  10.1 By using the Website with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies you consent to our use of cookies on the Website, which include Google Analytics cookies. We will be using Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use our Website, and we will use this information to improve the Website. These cookies collect information in an anonymous form, and such information includes the number of visitors to the Website, where visitors have come from before visiting the Website and the pages they visit. To learn more about what cookies are set on your computer as you browse the internet and how to manage or delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
  10.2 A cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores on your computer. Cookies allow your browser to remember some specific information which the web server can later retrieve and use. We do not use cookies to store any personal information that could be read or understood by others.
  10.3 We use cookies primarily for administrative purposes, to improve your experience with our Website. We only use cookies to capture anonymous analytics to improve your experience of the Website and its performance. This includes compiling statistical information concerning, among other things, the frequency of use of our Website, the pages visited, and the length of each visit, as well as information about your computer, operating system, browser, language, and country.
 11 Terms and Conditions
  Use of the Website is subject to our {Terms and Conditions link}
 12 Contact
  If you have any questions or requests in relation to this Privacy Policy, please can you address these to Richard Lewis (Compliance Office and Company Secretary) at richard.lewis@lioncapital.com.
 13 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
 
  This Privacy Policy is governed by and is to be construed in accordance with English law. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Privacy Policy.



SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT

SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 54, PART 6 OF THE MODERN SLAVERY ACT 2015 (the “Act”)
  This statement relates to the financial year ended 31 December 2016 and sets out the steps that Lion Capital LLP (“Lion Capital”, the “Firm” or “we”) has taken and intends to take to ensure that slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in its business or supply chains.
Our structure, business and supply chains
  The Firm is a global consumer-focused investor, with offices in London and Los Angeles. The Firm provides investment management services to various investment funds established in the United Kingdom (the “Funds”), which focus on making investments in Europe and North America. 
  As a private equity investor, our immediate supply chain is relatively short, consisting mainly of professional services firms. 
  The Funds that we manage invest in a number of portfolio companies. Though these portfolio companies do not form part of the Firm’s supply chain, we are committed to taking steps to confirm that each portfolio company’s management team understands any responsibilities it has under the Act and the need for it to put in place its own effective controls and training to protect against modern slavery being present in its own business and supply chains.
  To this end, we have written to the management of those portfolio companies that we consider may be subject to the Act, to ensure that they understand their obligations under the Act. In addition, we have representation on each portfolio company board and, although not a standing agenda item, ensuring compliance with the Act and limiting the risk of modern slavery and human trafficking taking place in their business and supply chains remains a key consideration of the companies’ boards. 
Policy Statement
  In pursuit of best-in-class approach, Lion Capital is a signatory of the six UN supported Principles for Responsible Investment. The Firm is a responsible investment fund manager that strives to maintain the highest standards of integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business. Lion Capital expects all of its portfolio companies and employees to comply with ESG-related legislation at a local, national and international level, including but not limited to applicable environmental, health and safety, anti-bribery and corruption and human rights legislation. 
  Lion Capital portfolio companies are actively involved in a collaboration project (“Not for Sale”) which raises awareness about human trafficking and, as an active board member of “Not for Sale”, in 2016 Lion Capital has promoted the prevention of human trafficking at various investor meetings and conferences.
Our approach to due diligence
  As part of the Firm’s standard investment due diligence process, Lion employs external advisers to conduct site visits, management interviews and public searches to diagnose any potential environmental/social liabilities, and ensure portfolio company compliance with Lion’s philosophy in these areas. At the point that a Fund acquires a portfolio
 company, we ensure that such portfolio company’s management team is aware of their potential obligations under the Act.
  We do not consider that the relationships within our immediate supply chain give rise to material risks in this area. However, we will be requiring key suppliers to confirm that their activities accord with the requirements of the Act. 
  We also have a dedicated Compliance Officer, who oversees the above process.
Training
  The Firm has provided details of this policy to all relevant staff. We ensure that all employees, on joining the Firm and periodically thereafter, review and familiarise themselves with the Firm’s policies to ensure that they can identify situations where there is a risk of modern slavery or human trafficking.
Further steps
  Additional steps that we intend to take in order to ensure that modern slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in our business or supply chains are:

to develop and enhance existing policies (if any) or create new policies relating to slavery and human trafficking, in order to provide a framework for identifying and monitoring activities within our business and supply chains that may be in breach of such policies; 
to review our due diligence processes to ensure that they comply with our policies on slavery and human trafficking; and
to review current training provided in respect of our policies and their implementation and ensure the applicable level of training is delivered to employees so that they are more effective in identifying the existence or risk of slavery and human trafficking as part of the investment due diligence process.

  This statement is made in accordance with section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes Lion Capital LLP’s slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ended 31 December 2016. It has been endorsed by the Operating Committee on behalf of the Firm. 
 Robert Darwent
 Designated Member
 30 June 2017



Did you know that there is a newer version of your Internet Browser available?

Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website.
A list of the most poplar web browsers can be found below.
Just click on the icons to get to the download page





Chrome 36





Firefox 30





Internet Explorer 11





Opera 22





Safari 7




Close Window










Log in









Forgot Password?











Forgot Password

























