



























Litman Gregory Asset Management | Wealth & Financial Planning































































Litman Gregory
Providing Disciplined Financial Guidance Since 1987






Individuals & Families
Planning ahead to meet your financial objectives and making smart investment decisions along the way can be daunting. As advisors, we partner with you to navigate the financial markets and implement an organized plan to help you achieve financial confidence.
Our Approach




Endowments & Foundations
Achieving an organization's long-term goals while funding short-term needs can be a challenging task in any market environment. As a fiduciary partner, we help you navigate complex and volatile markets, balancing capital preservation with long-term growth.
Our Approach










Individuals & Families

Planning ahead to meet your financial objectives and making smart investment decisions along the way can be daunting. As advisors, we partner with you to navigate the financial markets and implement an organized plan to help you achieve financial confidence.
Our Approach





Endowments & Foundations

Achieving an organization's long-term goals while funding short-term needs can be a challenging task in any market environment. As a fiduciary partner, we help you navigate complex and volatile markets, balancing capital preservation with long-term growth.
Our Approach












 





























About Litman Gregory | Co-Founded by Ken Gregory & Craig Litman


























































Our Story








Our Beginning
Litman Gregory was co-founded by Ken Gregory and Craig Litman in 1987. The two crossed paths in a post-graduate tax course at Golden Gate University in San Francisco and bonded over their mutual frustration with the then-typical business model of the financial industry. Both recognized that a better model for managing client assets was one that aligned business interests with clients by charging a fee based on assets rather than on transactions and products.
Craig and Ken each brought their areas of specialty to the partnership — Craig on the client side, and Ken on the research side. Their unique combination of skills resulted in the successful investment management firm that is known today for the strength of its independent research as well as for its commitment to serving the needs of individual clients, endowments, and foundations.
Drivers of Our Success
The success of our firm is a direct result of both our culture and our team of highly skilled professionals that share our values. Our core values and principles guide every decision we make on behalf of our clients and for our business.
Core Values
Excellence. Deliver superior services and products.
Integrity. Adhere to the highest standards of fairness, honesty, and independent thinking.
Expertise. Apply specialized knowledge, skill, and ability.
Passion. Demonstrate tremendous enthusiasm and drive.
Core Principles
Clients first. We believe our success will be a result of putting the interests of our clients first.
Disciplined and rational decision making. We pursue excellence with respect to long-term investment returns by making rational decisions that are supported by thorough, fundamental research.
Independent and creative thinking. Thinking outside the box is an important part of our performance edge. By thinking creatively, we have identified what we believe to be uniquely superior investment alternatives.
 
*Litman Gregory and its employees are independent of and are not employees or agents of Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (“Schwab”). Schwab does not prepare, verify or endorse information distributed by Litman Gregory. The IMPACT™ Award is not an endorsement, testimonial endorsement, recommendation or referral to Litman Gregory with respect to its investment advisory and other services. Such rating is not representative of the experience of any single client of Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC and is not indicative of the future performance of the firm.


 Schwab IMPACT® Best-in-Business Award Winner

Litman Gregory is a recipient of the Schwab Institutional® Best-in-Business Award for excellence in independent financial advising.* Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC was recognized for its best-in-class practice management and innovation in serving wealthy individuals, families and institutions. 









Our Community


Meet Our Team









 





























Insight Blog - Investment Guidance & News | Litman Gregory



















































Insight Blog







Categories


View All

Investment Perspectives
Research CommentaryWealth Planning 

News & Updates
Media MentionsLitman Gregory News 




Sign up for Insight





Sign up for Insight
















Second Quarter 2017 Market Review

The second quarter proved to be another very strong period for global stock markets. First half 2017 stock performance was even stronger. Our portfolios are strongly benefiting from their overweight to foreign markets, specifically European and emerging-market stocks.













Second Quarter 2017 Investment Commentary

In this quarter’s commentary, we discuss the relative calmness of financial markets despite significant geopolitical uncertainty, the strong performance of both risky assets (stocks) and defensive assets (bonds), and recent market trends favoring our foreign stock investments.













Putting Bonds to Work in Our Client Portfolios

Flexible bond funds and floating-rate loan funds continue to make up over half of our clients’ fixed-income exposure. We anticipate their returns will far exceed those of core bonds, and recent portfolio performance has borne this out. 













Hope and Luck Are Not Successful Investment Approaches

When markets are turbulent, particularly when stocks fall unexpectedly, resisting the urge to start looking for reasons to bail out of the market can be a tall order. If you have a sound investment process though, these are the times when you really need to stick with it. 













Europe Is An Improving Story

Here are three reasons to stop discounting European stocks: green shoots, growing bottom lines, and good value.













First Quarter 2017 Market Review

The buoyant mood that pushed stocks higher through year-end 2016 continued into the first quarter as signs of an improving global economy continued to mount. Stock indexes were up across the board. Emerging-market stocks were the star performers.



















 





























Frequently Asked Questions | Litman Gregory

























































Top Questions








Frequently Asked Questions
If I decide to become a client, what happens next?
If you’ve reached this point, it means you have already met some or all of the people who would be working on your team. Once you hire us, we’ll start with an official kickoff meeting. We’ll ask you a lot of questions and listen carefully before suggesting a plan that thoughtfully considers your goals and objectives.
How is Litman Gregory paid?
As an independent registered investment advisor, we have a fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of our clients. This means we earn a fee for managing your assets, not for investing in particular investments. This ensures that many conflicts of interest are eliminated in that every investment vehicle we select for your portfolio is based on your needs, not because it’s on a list we are compensated for recommending. Our fees are based on assets under management and typically range from 0.3% to 1.0%. Our fee percentage decreases as the asset level increases. If you would like an estimate for your portfolio, please contact us.
Do you provide custodial services?
No, we do not provide custodial services to our clients. Instead, we utilize the custodial services offered by Charles Schwab & Company and Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC to custody the majority of our clients’ assets. We provide our investment services through a Limited Power of Attorney arrangement. Importantly, this arms-length relationship provides an additional layer of security and service to our clients.
Who owns Litman Gregory?
The firm is owned and operated by its principals. For employees who are not principals, we have established a profit-sharing pool which provides generous incentives to long-term employees.
How large is Litman Gregory?
We currently have 13 principals and about 50 employees, with over $7 billion in assets.
What is your client mix? Do you work mostly with individuals or organizations?
The majority of our clients are individuals and families, and our original business model was based on serving these clients. However, as our business has grown, our investment management client base has expanded to include tax-exempt organizations that are more institutional in nature (e.g., foundations, endowments, and corporate retirement plans). Approximately one third of our current clients are considered institutional. We have found our investment philosophy and approach to be especially appropriate for non-profit organizations as we combine the role of an investment consultant and an investment manager to provide a holistic approach to managing risk and meeting return objectives. Our relationships are all-inclusive as we maintain discretion (within reason) for investment decisions, and, ultimately, investment performance.
How can I be sure my Litman Gregory team will support me through my investment lifetime?
We believe our employee-centric focus benefits our clients by attracting and retaining exceptional staff. Some of the ways in which we ensure we have what it takes to provide you with a lengthy, successful relationship are:

restricting the number of clients managed by each of our investment advisors (to well-below industry norms)
offering ownership opportunities and clear career paths to limit team turnover
earning our fees based on assets under management rather than on commissions
providing transparency in each and every investment and business decision we make
encouraging and supporting a healthy balance in work and life









Contact Us


Meet Our Team









 





























Wealth Management Services for Individuals & Families | Litman Gregory


























































Individuals & Families








Our Work with Individuals and Families
Litman Gregory Asset Management was founded to serve the financial and investment needs of individuals and multi-generational families.
As your advisor, we coordinate all aspects of your financial life by developing a unique, detailed plan for wealth preservation and growth, and then delivering on that vision. In short, we guide you to financial confidence by simplifying and organizing your financial life. This involves working side by side over many years, providing both education and guidance as we adjust the plan’s path through the many challenges and opportunities that life offers.
Our job is to make sure you understand what to expect. We don’t rely on convenient questionnaires that replace common sense: we conduct a thorough interview that helps us understand who you are so we can develop a long-term plan and a portfolio of investments that meet your needs.


 Prudent Investing: Keep Calm and Carry On

The temptation to take action during times of heightened uncertainty can lead to poor investment decisions. In this article, we share a few things investors can do to help instill a long-term mindset.
Read »








Personal Wealth Services


Top Questions











How to Stretch Charitable Dollars

In this video, Senior Investment Advisor Chris Wheaton discusses how he helps his clients drive down the cost of giving though Schwab Charitable accounts.
Read More





Using Tax-Efficient Strategies to Retain More of Your Wealth

As we move closer to year end, we at Litman Gregory start to focus on what we can do with our clients’ investment portfolios to minimize their taxable income.
Read More










 











	Investment Advisor, Investment Research, and Mutual Funds | Litman Gregory










 










about us
people

recognition

contact






 


 
 
Litman Gregory offers wealth management, mutual funds, and research services, all driven by our asset allocation and manager selection expertise.



Wealth Management +
 
Learn more about Litman Gregory’s integrated approach to wealth management for individuals, families, and nonprofits.


Mutual Funds +
 
Learn more about Litman Gregory Masters Funds.


Research and Portfolios forInvestment Professionals +
 
Learn more about Litman Gregory’s solutions for investment professionals including AdvisorIntelligence and Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies.










Litman Gregory Businesses
Litman Gregory Asset Management »
Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies »
Litman Gregory Masters Funds »
Litman Gregory AdvisorIntelligence »


 




1676 N. California Blvd., Suite 500Walnut Creek, CA 94596(925) 254-8999

 






 











Careers | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
©2017 Litman Gregory. All rights reserved. | Powered by PRI







 


































	Meet the Litman Gregory Team | Litman Gregory










 










about us
people

recognition

contact







 
Extraordinary companies are made up of extraordinary people. We seek out people who share our core values of expertise, integrity, commitment to excellence, and a passion for our work. The result is a team of highly skilled professionals that define Litman Gregory.

 
 



People

 

Our teams:

     Executive Team     
Investment Management
Investment Research
Business Operations


 
 

Litman Gregory’s executive team is responsible for the firm’s business management decisions and for leading the partner group.


 
 

 

 
 







Previous
Next



 


AliceLowenstein

Alice Lowenstein, CFP®
Principal, Managing Director, Investment Management Services
Alice joined Litman Gregory Asset Management in 2008 and became a principal in the firm in 2011. She is a member of the firm's Executive Team. Alice oversees Litman Gregory's Investment Management Services (IMS) group which encompasses wealth management and institutional advisory services. In addition, Alice provides executive oversight of the Advisor Services group, which includes turnkey portfolios for investment professionals and AdvisorIntelligence, a web-based research service for professionals. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Alice was a Vice President with Fidelity Investments and held a variety of roles at Morningstar including Associate Editor and Analyst. Alice is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ (CFP®) and is a reviewer for the Journal of Financial Planning.


JenniferCeccarelli

Jennifer Ceccarelli
CRCP, Principal, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Operations Officer - Investment Management Services Group
Jennifer joined Litman Gregory in 1994 and became a principal in 2011. She is a member of the firm's Management Committee, and serves as the firm's chief operations officer. In addition she serves as the firm's chief compliance officer for its Investment Management Services Group. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Jennifer worked as a mutual fund accountant for Robertson Stephens & Company and prior to that for a private fund manager in San Francisco. Jennifer is a graduate from Bentley College (BS - Business Communications) and has earned the designation of Certified Regulatory and Compliance Professional (CRCP) by the FINRA Institute at Wharton. 


SteveSavage

Steve Savage
Principal, CEO
Steve joined Litman Gregory in 1999, became a principal in 2003, and became a CEO in 2010. In addition to overall business management responsibilities, he directly oversees the Litman Gregory Masters Funds mutual fund business. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Steve founded and served as executive director of both Value Line's mutual fund research and electronic publishing divisions. Steve has over 30 years of experience in mutual fund and investment research.










 
 
 


 
 

Our team offers financial planning, wealth management, and advisory services to individuals, multigenerational families, foundations, and endowments. We partner with our clients to offer strategies, education, and ongoing implementation of a personalized financial plan.


 
 

Investment Advisory Team
Client Service Team
Operations

 
 







Previous
Next



 



ChrisWheaton

Chris Wheaton, CPA, CFP®
Principal, Senior Investment Advisor 
Chris joined Litman Gregory in 1997, became a principal of the firm in 2001, and has over 25 years of experience in the investment industry. Chris served as Co-CEO of the Litman Gregory companies and the Managing Principal of the company’s Investment Advisory business from 2010-2015 before returning to his current full-time Senior Investment Advisor role.  Chris' current clients include individuals, family groups, endowments, foundations, and retirement plans. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ (CFP®). Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Chris was a Senior Manager with Arthur Andersen where he served clients in the firm's Investment Advisory and Personal Financial Planning groups. Chris is a graduate of the University of Illinois - Urbana (BS - Accounting).


CraigKeller

Craig Keller, CFA
MBA, Principal, Senior Investment Advisor
Craig joined Litman Gregory in 2003 and became a principal of the firm in 2007. Craig provides investment advisory services to high-net-worth individuals, family groups, foundations, endowments, and retirement plans. His investment experience spans multiple asset classes including venture capital, private equity, and real estate. Craig is a member of the CFA Institute and has earned the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) designation. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Craig managed pension, foundation, and endowment relationships for Global Asset Management in London and Sydney, and worked with various Canadian and U.S.-based financial firms. Craig is a graduate of the University of British Columbia and the London Business School (MBA - Finance).


CraigLitman

Craig Litman
JD, MBA, Co-Founding Principal
Craig co-founded Litman Gregory in 1987 and is a recognized investment expert with over 30 years of experience advising individuals, family groups, and institutional investors. Prior to founding Litman Gregory, Craig was a Vice President and Senior Financial Consultant with Bailard, Biehl & Kaiser Inc., and was a practicing attorney for seven years before entering the investment business. Craig is a graduate of the University of Minnesota (BA – Business), the William Mitchell College of Law (JD), and Golden Gate University (MBA). Though Craig is no longer involved in day-to-day activities at Litman Gregory he remains involved as part of the ownership group.


GretchenHollstein

Gretchen Hollstein, CFP®
Principal, Senior Investment Advisor
Gretchen joined Litman Gregory in 2005 and became a principal in 2010. She provides investment advisory services to individuals, family groups, foundations, endowments, and group retirement plans. Her experience includes extensive work in personal financial analysis, asset allocation, and retirement planning. Gretchen is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ (CFP®) and has served as Board Chairperson for the Financial Planning Association (FPA) of San Francisco. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Gretchen served as Portfolio Manager with Bay Isle Investment Advisors, and previously as Vice President with Fremont Investment Advisors (a division of the Bechtel family office). Gretchen was awarded a Certificate in Personal Financial Planning with Distinction from the University of California - Berkeley Extension, and is a graduate of the University of California - Santa Barbara (BA - Business Economics, BA - Psychology).




JaredNoland

Jared Noland, CFA, CFP®
MBA, Wealth Management Analyst
Jared joined Litman Gregory in 2015 and provides financial and portfolio analysis for our clients as part of the investment advisory team. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Jared served as Associate Portfolio Manager with Fan Asset Management, LLC where he spent ten years providing equity analysis and assisting with portfolio management. Jared is a member of the CFA Institute and has earned the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) designation and is also CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ (CFP®). He is a graduate of California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo (BS – Business Administration), and the University of San Francisco (MBA – Finance & International Business).


JohnBaxman

John Baxman, CFP®
Principal, Senior Investment Advisor
John  Baxman joined Litman Gregory in 2009 and became Principal in 2016. He provides  comprehensive wealth management services to individuals and multi-generational  families that includes retirement planning, portfolio management, and tax  optimization strategies. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, John served for 12  years as Vice President and Senior Account Executive with Fidelity Investments,  where he was responsible for investment guidance and client service in their  Private Client Group. He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ (CFP®) and a graduate  of Sonoma State University (degree in Business, Finance).


LesleyCannan

Lesley Cannan, CFP®
Investment Advisor
Lesley joined Litman Gregory in 2012 and  provides investment advice, financial analysis and portfolio management  services to our clients. Lesley's experience includes working with individuals,  foundations, endowments, and group retirement plans. Prior to joining Litman  Gregory, Lesley managed individual client relationships with Fidelity  Investments, where she was responsible for financial planning, workplace  retirement plan integration, and ongoing investment portfolio monitoring.  Previously, she served with Core Asset Management Company, a New York based  investment management firm providing portfolio management services for families  and charitable foundations. She is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ (CFP®),  earned an Executive Certificate in Financial Planning from San Francisco State  University, and is a graduate of the University of Montana (BA – Liberal Arts).      


MeredithShueyEtherington

Meredith Shuey Etherington
Senior Investment Advisor, MBA
Meredith  joined Litman Gregory in 2013 and provides investment management and advisory  services to high-net-worth individuals, families, nonprofit endowments and  foundations. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Meredith served as Portfolio  Manager with Brown Advisory where she focused on strategic investment and  wealth management solutions for complex, multi-generational families and  institutional clients, including portfolio construction and manager selection,  and previously as a financial analyst at Goldman Sachs. Meredith is a graduate  of Vanderbilt University (BS – Human & Organizational Development, BS -  Fine Arts, magna cum laude) and earned her MBA  at the Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland.  She  serves on the Finance Committee of the St. Agnes Hospital Foundation, the  Financial Advisory Committee of the College of Marin, the San Francisco  Foundation Professional Advisors Council, and as a member of Full Circle Fund.


MonicaMuñoz

Monica Muñoz, CFP®
Investment Advisor
Monica joined Litman Gregory in 2007 within the private client services group, and transitioned to Associate Investment Advisor in 2010, and Investment Advisor in 2013. Monica provides investment advice, financial analysis, and portfolio management services to our clients. Her experience includes working with individuals, family groups, foundations, endowments, and group retirement plans. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, she served as an Account Executive with Paul Financial, LLC, and prior to that, she served in client services at Alders Financial Solutions. Monica is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ (CFP®) earned a certificate in Personal Financial Planning from the University of California Berkeley, Extension, and is a graduate of Sonoma State University (BS - Business Administration; Concentration - Finance).










 
 







Previous
Next



 





JillMcIntosh

Jill McIntosh
Senior Client Service Associate
Jill joined Litman Gregory in 2012 as a Client Service Associate and transitioned to Senior Client Service Associate in 2015. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Jill worked as a Personal Banker at US Bank in San Anselmo, California.


JoshFredricks

Josh Fredricks
Client Service Associate
Josh joined Litman Gregory in 2017 as a member of the Client Service Team. Josh’s prior roles included Senior Investor Services Analyst at SEI Investments Company and Investment Advisor Representative at ING. He is a graduate of Widener University (BS – Economics).


MicheleDunevent

Michele Dunevent
Client Service Coordinator
Michele joined Litman Gregory in 1998, became Manager of Client Service in 2012 and assumed her current roll in 2016. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Michele was a Portfolio Assistant serving both institutional and individual clients at Montgomery Asset Management, LLC in San Francisco.

 








 
 







Previous
Next



 


AnthonyEstrada

Anthony Estrada
Senior Operations Associates
Anthony joined Litman Gregory in 2010 and is a member of the Operations Group where he is responsible for many of the daily tasks, such as reporting, trading, and maintenance of our various portfolio and client relationship databases. Prior to accepting a full-time Operations position in 2013, Anthony worked in a long-term, temporary capacity providing administrative and operational support to our Client Service, Operations, and Compliance teams. In 2012, Anthony worked as an Operations Associate of Client Service at Wetherby Asset Management in San Francisco.  He is a graduate of St. Mary’s College of California (BS - Psychology).


ElizabethMunson

Elizabeth Munson
Operations Associate
Elizabeth joined Litman Gregory in 2016 as a member of the Operations Group. The group supports our IMS clients, Investment Advisors, Client Service, and Private Funds team members. Responsibilities include trade execution, reporting, and maintenance of our portfolio and client databases. Her background includes portfolio accounting, real estate lending, and a small business owner. Elizabeth is a graduate of UC Berkeley Haas School of Business (BS – Finance). 



LauraWhite

Laura White
Senior Operations Associates
Laura joined Litman Gregory in 2006 as Compliance Associate, where she served as the key assistant to our Chief Compliance Officer. In 2012, she transitioned to an operations role within our Private Funds Group, where she is responsible for valuation and transaction maintenance, reporting and client paperwork preparation related to private funds. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Laura was the manager of a small court reporting firm in Oakland, and prior to that she served for many years as Human Resource Manager and Administrative Specialist at Fred Finch Youth Center. Laura is a graduate of St. Mary's College of California (BA - Integral Liberal Arts) and has earned the CFA Institute Investment Foundations certificate. 




SaraRutchena

Sara Rutchena
Operations Manager
Sara joined Litman Gregory in 2012 as a member of the Operations Group. She assumed her current manager role in 2016. Prior to joining the firm, she worked for several years as the Manager of Client Services at Millie Capital Management, LLC.



TishaEhrenberger

Tisha Ehrenberger
Director of Operations
Tisha joined Litman Gregory in 2001 and has held several positions during her tenure at the company including Client Service Manager and Manager of Private Funds and Operations. She assumed her current role in 2015. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Tisha was the Operations Manager for the Periodic Benefit Payment Unit of the Institutional Trust Division of Wells Fargo Bank in San Francisco. Prior to that, she served as Sales Assistant to four financial consultants at Solomon Smith Barney. Tisha is a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley (BA – Social Welfare).










 
 
 


 

 

Litman Gregory’s investment research team is focused on asset allocation research, manager due diligence, and portfolio construction. The team is led by chief investment officer Jeremy DeGroot, CFA®.


 
 

Research Team
Sales & Consulting
Data Operations

 
 







Previous
Next



 



AlistairSavides

Alistair Savides, CFA
MBA, Research Analyst
Alistair joined Litman Gregory in 2013, and is responsible for providing investment research and analytical support across Litman Gregory's asset class and manager research capabilities. His work appears regularly on AdvisorIntelligence. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) designation. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Alistair was Director of Investment Operations at the Principia Endowment Fund and was Director of Research at the investment management firm, StraightLine. Alistair is a graduate of Principia College (BA–Economics and Political Science) and the University of California, Berkeley (MBA).


JackChee

Jack Chee
Principal, Senior Research Analyst
Jack joined Litman Gregory in 2000 and became a principal in 2011. He is Co-Portfolio Manager of the Litman Gregory Masters Smaller Companies Fund and the Litman Gregory Masters Equity Fund. Jack's research responsibilities include asset-class analysis on the majority of fixed-income markets as well as the equity REIT market. He is also responsible for selecting and monitoring equity, fixed-income, and REIT money managers. His analysis appears regularly on AdvisorIntelligence. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Jack was an analyst with Value Line Mutual Fund Survey. Jack is a graduate of Drexel University (BS - Mechanical Engineering).


JasonSteuerwalt

Jason Steuerwalt, CFA
Senior Research Analyst
Jason joined Litman Gregory in 2013. His primary responsibilities include selecting and monitoring investment managers, with a focus on alternatives and the Litman Gregory Masters Alternative Strategies Fund. Jason's analysis appears regularly on AdvisorIntelligence. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) designation. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Jason was a Vice President with Hall Capital Partners, focusing on absolute return hedge funds and opportunistic/ private credit strategies. Jason is a graduate of Brown University (BA - Economics).


JeremyDeGroot

Jeremy DeGroot, CFA
MA, Principal, Chief Investment Officer
Jeremy joined Litman Gregory in 1999 and became a principal in 2003. He is responsible for overseeing the firm's manager due diligence, asset class research, and portfolio allocation decisions. Jeremy is also Portfolio Manager of the Litman Gregory Masters Alternative Strategies Fund and Co-Portfolio Manager of the Litman Gregory Masters Equity, International, and Smaller Companies funds. He is frequently quoted in the national media in the areas of asset allocation and manager selection. Jeremy holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) designation. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Jeremy was an Economic Consulting Services Manager with KPMG Peat Marwick and was a Senior Economist with the Law & Economics Consulting Group. Jeremy is a graduate of University of Wisconsin - Madison (BS - Economics) and University of California - Berkeley (MA - Economics).



KenGregory

Ken Gregory
MBA, Co-Founding Principal
Ken Gregory co-founded Litman Gregory in 1987 and has worked in the investment industry since 1979. Ken has served in multiple roles at Litman Gregory, including as the firm’s Chief Investment Officer for 16 years. Today, Ken provides ongoing analysis on our private real estate investments and continues to serve as a principal of the firm. Ken is a nationally recognized investment authority. He has spoken at numerous industry conferences, and has been frequently interviewed in the national media in the areas of asset allocation and manager due diligence. Ken is a graduate of University of the Pacific (BA – Business) and the University of Michigan Ross School of Business (MBA).


KikoVallarta

Kiko Vallarta, CFA
Research Analyst
Kiko joined Litman Gregory in 2012 as a Research Communications Associate, transitioned to Research Associate in 2013, and to his current role in 2016. He is responsible for providing investment research and analytical support across Litman Gregory's asset class and manager research capabilities. His work appears regularly on AdvisorIntelligence. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) designation. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Kiko was an Associate at a San Diego-based registered investment advisor, providing investment analysis and client support to their team of investment advisors. Kiko is a graduate of San Diego State University (BS–Finance) and St. Mary's College of California (MS–Financial Analysis and Investment Management, with honors).



RajatJain

Rajat Jain, CFA
MBA, Principal, Senior Research Analyst
Rajat joined Litman Gregory in 2003 and became a principal in 2010. He is Co-Portfolio Manager of the Litman Gregory Masters International Fund and the Litman Gregory Masters Equity Fund. Rajat's primary responsibilities include selecting and monitoring equity, fixed-income, and alternative investment money managers, and performing asset-class research for the major equity markets. His analysis appears regularly on AdvisorIntelligence. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) designation. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Rajat was a Vice President with Montgomery Asset Management and was an Associate Director with BARRA Rogers Casey. Rajat is a graduate of St. Stephen's College (BS - Physics) and the University of South Carolina (International MBA).










 
 







Previous
Next



 



CamilaMize

Camila Mize
Research Consulting Associate
Camila joined Litman Gregory in 2015. She serves as a Research Consulting Associate for the Litman Gregory Masters Funds and AdvisorIntelligence. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Camila established a macroeconomic research firm with economist Bernard Connolly. In prior years, she worked for The Center for Emotional Intelligence at Yale University (formerly Health, Emotion, and Behavior Laboratory) and Merrill Lynch in New York City. Camila is a graduate of Fordham University (B.A. Economics, B.S. Psychology). 


ChadPerbeck

Chad Perbeck
Senior Research Consultant
Chad joined Litman Gregory in 2012. He serves as a Senior Research Consultant, providing support to other investment advisors who follow Litman Gregory's research and advice through AdvisorIntelligence or who implement the Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies for their clients.  Prior to joining the firm, Chad co-founded HPS Capital Advisors, Inc., a Registered Investment Advisory firm providing strategic marketing solutions to global investment managers. He began his financial career in the wealth management and private client services division of Bear, Stearns & Co. Chad is a graduate of Tufts University (B.A. Psychology, B.A. Classics) and was co-captain of the Jumbo's basketball team.





MarkFisher

Mark Fisher
Sales Operations Coordinator - Litman Gregory Masters Funds
Mark joined Litman Gregory in 2015 where he serves as a Sales Operations Coordinator with primary responsibilities focused on the Litman Gregory Masters Funds. Prior to this, Mark spent nine years as a Relationship Manager at Firsthand Capital Management where he was involved in mutual fund sales, marketing, and operations. Mark began his professional career at Franklin Templeton Investments followed by TIAA-CREF. Mark is a graduate of San Jose State University (B.A. RTVF).


MikePacitto

Mike Pacitto, CFP®, CIMA®
MBA, National Director of Institutional Relationships – Litman Gregory Masters Funds
Mike joined Litman Gregory in 2013 and serves as the National Director of Institutional Relationships for the Litman Gregory Masters Funds. Prior to joining the firm, Mike was with T. Rowe Price for 15 years in several roles, including National Account Manager for institutional and intermediary clients and Executive for defined contribution/defined benefit platforms. Mike is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ (CFP®) and is a graduate of the University of Michigan (BA – English and Communication) and earned his MBA at the University of Colorado (Finance).



PatrickClancy

Patrick Clancy
Associate Relationship Manager - Litman Gregory Masters Funds
Patrick joined Litman Gregory in 2015 and serves as the Associate Relationship Manager for the Litman Gregory Masters Funds. He provides additional institutional coverage to the Master Funds as well as supervises the day to day internal operations as it relates to business development. Prior to joining the firm, he serviced and advised various alternative investment funds and was previously the National Financial Services Business Development Manager for a well-known global accounting firm. Patrick is a graduate of Saint Mary’s College of California (BS – Accounting / Finance).


PeterSousa

Peter Sousa
Senior Research Consultant
Peter joined Litman Gregory in  2012 and is responsible for providing service and support for the suite of Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies.  Prior to joining the firm, Peter was in a business development role for the iShares group at BlackRock where he worked with registered investment advisors.  Prior to BlackRock, Peter was an Investment Analyst in the Wealth Management divisions at both Lehman Brothers and Credit Suisse.  Peter is a graduate of Saint Mary's College of California (BS – Business Administration and MS – Financial Analysis and Investment Management).


ScottJones

Scott Jones
Institutional Relationship Manager - Litman Gregory Masters Funds
Scott joined Litman Gregory in May 2010 and is responsible for institutional client relationships and business development for the Litman Gregory Masters Funds.  Scott has worked in the financial industry for more than 15 years providing relationship management, sales, and marketing services to financial institutions, independent planners, and wirehouse firms. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Scott was Vice President and Account Manager for Financial Institutions at Lincoln Financial Distributors and held a variety of roles at PLANCO Distributors including Key Accounts Manager and Mutual Fund Service Manager.










 
 







Previous
Next



 



ArturoRamirez

Arturo Ramirez
Data Operations Associate
Arturo joined Litman Gregory in 2014 and serves as a Data Operations Associate. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Arturo was a Trader in the Trade Operations team at AssetMark, Inc. in Concord, where he traded Fund of Funds and ETF strategies.  He has also served in leadership roles in banking and mortgage fraud positions with over 10 years of operations experience. 











 
 
 


 
 

The Litman Gregory business lines are supported by our dedicated business administration teams, each providing specialized expertise to support the day-to-day operations of the business.


 
 

Office Administration
Compliance
Marketing & Communications
Project Management

 
 







Previous
Next



 


CarolFrancisco

Carol Francisco
Office Manager
Carol joined Litman Gregory in 1996 as Office Assistant, and transitioned into her current role as Office Manager in 1998. Carol keeps both the Larkspur and Walnut Creek offices running smoothly, as well as handles employee benefits, company event planning, and managing the Litman Gregory Fun Committee. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Carol worked as a Ski School Director in the Tahoe Basin, and prior to that in Personnel with the California State Park system.


DanielleLockett 

Danielle Lockett
Accounting Manager  
Danielle joined Litman Gregory in 2013.  She works with the Director of Finance to oversee and implement the daily accounting, financial analysis, and reporting of Litman Gregory operations.  Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Danielle was the Accounting Manager for Versant Ventures in Silicon Valley and prior to that she was the Senior Accountant for TeleSoft Partners in Silicon Valley.  She is a graduate of the University of San Francisco (BS – Finance).


DianeZiesing

Diane Ziesing
Director of Finance
Diane joined Litman Gregory in 2007. She works with the Chief Financial Officer to direct the financial affairs of the organization and prepares financial analyses of Litman Gregory operations.  Prior to joining Litman Gregory Diane managed the accounting and human resources at Paradise Foods in Corte Madera. Prior to that she was the Controller for Terrace Consulting in San Francisco and an Accountant for Arthur Andersen & Co. in the audit and tax divisions in San Francisco. She is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and a graduate of the University of California at Berkeley (BS - Accounting and Finance).


DrewStarr

Drew Starr, SPHR
Chief Human Resources Officer
Drew joined Litman Gregory in 2015, and leads our human resources functions.  Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Drew held HR Vice President roles at Wells Fargo, the YMCA of Silicon Valley, and the YMCA of the East Bay.  He is certified as a Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR) and SHRM-SCP, and has an MBA from St. Mary’s College and an MA from the University of Wisconsin.


DougDooley

Doug Dooley
MS, Director of Information Technology
Doug joined Litman Gregory in 2002 as a member of the investment technology team. Doug designs and manages data analysis and information systems used by the Research and Portfolio Management teams. Doug has been in the investment business since 1979. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, he was the Director of Information Technology at Mellon Capital Management, a $70 billion global institutional investment management business. In the early 1990s, Doug managed institutional equity index fund portfolios, and prior to that worked as a consultant on various software and materials science engineering projects. Doug is a graduate of University of California - Berkeley (BS - Engineering Physics; MS - Engineering Science, Ph.D. - Candidate Nuclear Engineering).



GingerTodd

Ginger Todd
Administrative Assistant
Ginger joined Litman Gregory in 2007. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Ginger worked with a large homebuilder in California for over eight years. Prior to that she worked with a medium-sized law firm in San Francisco and, for a large majority of her career, worked in the communications industry.










MelissaLee

Melissa Lee
Executive Assistant
Melissa joined Litman Gregory in 2012 as a member of the Private Funds Group and transitioned to her current role in 2016, and provides support for the CEO and executive team including scheduling, internal communications and project coordination. Prior to joining the firm, Melissa worked for Fidelity Investments as an Investment Data Analyst supporting the data needs of the mutual fund trading operations. Melissa is a graduate of UC Santa Barbara (BA - Economics) and Indiana University (MBA – Operations Management).











 
 







Previous
Next



 


AlexeyVeksler

Alexey Veksler
Operations and Compliance Associate
Alexey joined Litman Gregory in 2015 and is responsible for providing support with compliance, performance, and reporting on the Litman Gregory Masters Funds. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Alexey worked for AssetMark as a Senior Trade Specialist overseeing trading operations. Alexey is a graduate of St. Mary's College of California (BA- Business Administration) and has over 10 years of operations experience.


AmandaBalitsky

Amanda Balitsky
CRCP, Compliance Manager
Amanda joined Litman Gregory in 2010 and is responsible for managing the Compliance Department. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Amanda worked for Conifer Securities (a FINRA member firm) as a Senior Compliance Analyst/AML Compliance Officer for the broker-dealer and served as a Compliance Consultant for State and SEC Registered Investment Advisers. Amanda is a graduate of California State University, Sacramento (BA – Sociology) and has earned the designation of Certified Regulatory and Compliance Professional (CRCP) by the FINRA Institute at Wharton.

JenniferYacoube

Jennifer Yacoube, CFP®
Compliance Associate
Jennifer joined Litman Gregory in 2011 as an Associate Investment Advisor and transitioned to her current role as Compliance Associate in 2014. She is responsible for implementing the daily operations of the Compliance program and assists in the project planning of department initiatives. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, she worked with Larkspur Financial Advisors where she led client services as the Client Services Manager and as an Associate Financial Advisor. She is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL  PLANNER™ (CFP©), and a graduate of Sonoma State University (BA – Sociology). 


JohnCoughlan

John Coughlan
CRCP, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Compliance Officer - Litman Gregory Fund Advisors
John Coughlan serves as the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer of Litman Gregory Fund Advisors, LLC. John also serves as the Treasurer and Chief Compliance Officer of the Litman Gregory Masters Funds Trust. John joined Litman Gregory in 1996, prior to which he served as Controller of Centex Homes of Northern California and Senior Vice President of Countrywide Capital Markets Group. John is a graduate of Loyola Marymount University (BS - Accounting), and has earned the Certified Regulatory Compliance Professional (CRCP) designation from the FINRA Institute at Wharton.


SheilaStych

Sheila Stych
Manager, Mutual Fund Advertising Compliance
Sheila joined Litman Gregory in 2005, and has also served as Administrative Assistant. Her current responsibilities include tracking fund activity and performance and overseeing all compliance aspects of the Litman Gregory Masters Funds’ marketing materials. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Sheila worked in the real estate industry, and prior to that as Call Center Administrator for a national private reading school.










 
 







Previous
Next



 


CorrinaSteinberg

Corrina Steinberg
Marketing Coordinator
Corrina joined Litman Gregory in 2005 and transitioned into her current role in 2016. She coordinates marketing and communications tasks for each of Litman Gregory’s business lines with responsibilities that include email marketing, website content management, organization of sales collateral, and social media. Corrina started as the Administrative Assistant in our Larkspur office before shifting to the marketing team in 2011. Prior to joining the firm, Corrina worked as an Assistant Account Manager for William Lagomarsino & Co., an insurance agency.



EricFigueroa

Eric Figueroa
Digital Content Coordinator 
Eric joined Litman Gregory in 2013. He handles a wide variety of web and content-related responsibilities for AdvisorIntelligence, a web-based investment research service, and Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Eric worked as an intern for the European start-ups CFAR-m and Strategy Foresight Partnership. Eric is a graduate of San Francisco State University (MBA, BA - Cinema) and the University of Nice-Sophia Antipolis, IAE Nice (MIB - International Business).  


MonicaBurns

Monica Burns
Associate Marketing Manager
Monica joined Litman Gregory in 2012 and is responsible for implementing key marketing initiatives for the firm, including advertising campaigns, print collateral projects, prospect and client events, and website development. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Monica was an Account Manager for RBG Advertising in Walnut Creek, where she managed clients' large-scale television, print, and digital campaigns. Monica is a graduate of the University of California, Davis (BA – Design, BA – Spanish) and has earned the CFA Institute Investment Foundations certificate.


ShannonMatthiesen

Shannon Matthiesen
Content Director 
Shannon joined Litman Gregory in 2004 and oversees Litman Gregory’s content development and marketing initiatives. Prior to joining Litman Gregory, Shannon served in a variety of editorial roles in both print and online media, and prior to that worked in media strategy for Starcom MediaVest Group in London and Chicago. Her writing has been published in national newspapers and magazines including FastCompany and American Way. Shannon is a graduate of Northwestern University (BS—Magazine Journalism).










 
 







Previous
Next



 


AmyMueller

Amy Mueller
Project Manager
Amy joined Litman Gregory in 2013 to focus on projects in Operations, Compliance and IT. She currently serves as a member of the Project Management team leading projects that support the firm’s strategic business objectives. She previously provided operations and client support for Marshalla Asset Management in Los Altos, California.  Prior to that, Amy worked for 21 years at Hewlett-Packard in Corporate Network and Office Systems.  She managed several world-wide projects implementing web infrastructure servers, directory services, and email within HP.  Amy is a graduate of Stanford University (BS – Mathematical Sciences, MS - Computer Science).



EricaToomajian

Erica Toomajian
Project Manager
Erica joined Litman Gregory in 2010 and transitioned from our Operations Group to the Project Management Team in 2016. As a Project Manager, she leads projects that support the firm’s strategic business initiatives. Prior to joining the firm, she worked as an Investment Accountant at Springcreek Advisors, LLC, and prior to that worked at Sonic Solutions. Erica is a graduate of San Francisco State University (Business Administration - Decision Sciences).


TheresaMeyer

Theresa Meyer
Manager of Project Management
Theresa joined Litman Gregory in 1995 and has held several positions during her tenure at the company including Office Assistant, Portfolio Administrator, Client Service Manager, Business Analyst and Project Analyst.  She assumed her current role in 2015 and now serves as the Manager of the Project Management Team which is responsible for the initiation, planning and execution of projects that support the firm’s strategic business objectives.  Theresa is a graduate of St. Mary’s College (BA- Psychology).










 
 
 


 

 
 
















 






Careers | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
©2017 Litman Gregory. All rights reserved. | Powered by PRI







 












	Research and Portfolios for Investment Professionals | Litman Gregory










 










about us
people

recognition

contact












Investment Professionals

 






 
                    



 
                    



 
                    






Litman Gregory offers investment professionals:
Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies
Since 1996, Litman Gregory has offered turnkey portfolios of funds or ETFs to other financial advisors through third-party investment management platforms that automate administrative and back office functions including trading, rebalancing, and reporting. Today we are an investment strategist with four leading turnkey asset management platforms. The Portfolio Strategies enable other advisors to efficiently implement client portfolios that harness Litman Gregory’s expertise in research, tactical asset allocation, and manager selection, and that tap into the same investment decision making that we employ for our own client portfolios. Available to individual investors through investment professionals only.
For more information, visit lgportfolios.com. »


AdvisorIntelligence

Through AdvisorIntelligence, Litman Gregory shares the proven investment strategy on which we have built our own wealth management business. We share the in-depth proprietary investment research and model portfolios, along with high-quality client materials necessary to deliver advice with confidence. Whether advisors are coming to us to fully outsource their investment decision-making or as a compliment to their own work, our web-based service allows users to access and implement these materials in a flexible way that meets the unique needs of their practice as they seek to build a scalable and sustainable business.For more information, visit advisorintelligence.com. »

Follow us on LinkedIn to stay updated   

Litman Gregory Masters Funds 
Multi-manager mutual funds that reflect only the most compelling ideas of investment managers we believe are among the best in the business
Litman Gregory Fund Advisors designed the Litman Gregory Masters Funds to build portfolios based on the most compelling ideas of a few exceptionally skilled investment managers. In hiring sub-advisors, we rely on our many years of experience in researching money managers we believe have a sustainable edge.   In addition to serving as core positions in the portfolios we run in our investment management business, the Litman Gregory Masters Funds are widely used by other financial advisors, institutions and individual investors.


For more information visit mastersfunds.com. »

Follow us on LinkedIn to stay updated   

Mutual fund investing involves risk, loss of principal is possible. Please call 1-800-960-0188 to obtain a Prospectus for the Litman Gregory Masters Funds. The Prospectus contains more complete information regarding the risks, costs and expenses of the funds. The Litman Gregory Masters Funds are distributed by ALPS Distributors, Inc.





 








Careers | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
©2017 Litman Gregory. All rights reserved. | Powered by PRI







 






	You are now leaving the Litman Gregory site.
















 
 


 



 
 




 
 
 


 
You are now leaving the Litman Gregory website and entering the AdvisorIntelligence website. 
        Thank you for visiting. (Continue to AdvisorIntelligence)
 


 
 
 



















	Litman Gregory’s Research & Financial Services | Litman Gregory










 










about us
people

recognition

contact












overview


 






Litman Gregory in Focus
Our investment process demands
that we concentrate on what can be
known and 
analyzed with confidence
and requires a very high level of
conviction for any investment
decision. Watch »








About Us
Litman Gregory, co-founded in 1987 by Ken Gregory and Craig Litman, is a nationally recognized boutique wealth management firm based in the San Francisco Bay Area. 
Since its  founding, Litman Gregory Asset Management has provided wealth management services with a  commitment to excellent client service to individuals, multigenerational  families, endowments, and foundations. Litman  Gregory is a recipient of the Schwab IMPACT® Best-in-Business Award1 for  excellence in independent financial advising.
Investment management is core to how we support clients in achieving and maintaining financial independence. We believe that intensive research and a disciplined process are critical to that investment success. 
Over the years, we have had the opportunity to share our research expertise across a number of services: We advise the Litman Gregory Masters Funds, provide Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies on third-party asset management platforms, and publish investment research and portfolio guidance for other investment advisors through AdvisorIntelligence.
The cornerstone of our success is the support and guidance of our team of professionals. Our values and principles guide every decision we make on behalf of our clients and for our business.


The core values behind Litman Gregory are:

Excellence. Deliver superior services and products.
Integrity. Adhere to the highest standards of fairness, honesty, and independent thinking.
Expertise. Apply specialized knowledge, skill, and ability.
Passion. Demonstrate tremendous enthusiasm and drive.

The core principles behind Litman Gregory are:

Clients first. We believe our success will be a result of putting the interests of our clients first.
Disciplined and rational decision making. We pursue excellence with respect to long-term investment returns by making rational decisions that are supported by thorough, fundamental research.
Independent and creative thinking. Thinking outside the box is an important part of our performance edge. By thinking creatively, we have identified what we believe to be uniquely superior investments.






1. Litman Gregory Asset Management is the recipient of the 2008 Schwab IMPACT® Best-in Business Award.  This national award recognizes one independent investment advisory firm for excellence in business management and client services. The criteria include demonstrated success in business planning, practice management, employee development, and client loyalty. Litman Gregory and its employees are independent of and are not employees or agents of Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. ("Schwab"). Schwab does not prepare, verify, or endorse information distributed by Litman Gregory. The IMPACT® Award is not an endorsement, testimonial endorsement, recommendation, or referral to Litman Gregory with respect to its investment advisory and other services. Such rating is not representative of the experience of any single client of Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC and is not indicative of the future performance of the firm.


These videos are provided for informational purposes only and may not be suitable for all investors. They contain forward-looking statements and/or projections that may not come to pass. No statement included herein is to be construed as a solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell a security, or the rendering of personalized investment, tax or legal advice. Past performance may not be indicative of future results and may have been impacted by economic events and market trends that will not recur going forward. Investing involves risk, including the potential loss of principal, and there can be no assurance that any particular investment, asset class or strategy will prove profitable. For additional information about Litman Gregory, please request a copy of our disclosure brochure or visit the SEC's website at  adviserinfo.sec.gov.









Careers | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
©2017 Litman Gregory. All rights reserved. | Powered by PRI







 











	Employment Opportunities at Litman Gregory










 










about us
people

recognition

contact












Contact Information

 






 Stay Connected on 



Larkspur Office
                           					
                            100 Larkspur Landing Circle
                            Suite 204
                            Larkspur, CA 94939
Get Directions

                            Phone: (415) 461-8999
                            FAX: (415) 461-9099


Walnut Creek Office
                           
							1676 N. California Blvd., Suite 500
                            Walnut Creek, CA 94596
Get Directions

                            Phone: (925) 254-8999
                            FAX: (925) 254-0335

















 






Careers | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
©2017 Litman Gregory. All rights reserved. | Powered by PRI







 













	Contact Us | Litman Gregory

















 










about us
people

recognition

contact












Contact Information

 






 Stay Connected on 



Larkspur Office
                           					
                            100 Larkspur Landing Circle
                            Suite 204
                            Larkspur, CA 94939
Get Directions

                            Phone: (415) 461-8999
                            FAX: (415) 461-9099


Walnut Creek Office
                           
							1676 N. California Blvd., Suite 500
                            Walnut Creek, CA 94596
Get Directions

                            Phone: (925) 254-8999
                            FAX: (925) 254-0335







Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns for Litman Gregory, please feel free to contact us anytime. 
Click here for employment opportunities at Litman Gregory.
If you would like more information about our investment services, please fill out the form below and we will respond to your request within the next business day.






* First Name:

Please enter your first name.



* Last Name:

Please enter your last name.



* Email:


Please enter your email address.



Phone:



Address:



 



Country:



City:



State:


Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming




Zip Code:



* How did you hear about us?


Referred by Friend
Media Article
Litman Gregory Masters Funds Investor
Google, Yahoo - Search Engine
Other

Please let us know how you heard about us.



*I am inquiring about your services for:


Wealth Management
Mutual Funds
Solutions for Investment Professionals

Please let us know what you are inquiring about.



* Message:

Please enter your message below.




 
* Required Fields


 








 








 






Careers | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
©2017 Litman Gregory. All rights reserved. | Powered by PRI







 




















	Litman Gregory’s Research & Financial Services | Litman Gregory










 










about us
people

recognition

contact












overview


 






Litman Gregory in Focus
Our investment process demands
that we concentrate on what can be
known and 
analyzed with confidence
and requires a very high level of
conviction for any investment
decision. Watch »








About Us
Litman Gregory, co-founded in 1987 by Ken Gregory and Craig Litman, is a nationally recognized boutique wealth management firm based in the San Francisco Bay Area. 
Since its  founding, Litman Gregory Asset Management has provided wealth management services with a  commitment to excellent client service to individuals, multigenerational  families, endowments, and foundations. Litman  Gregory is a recipient of the Schwab IMPACT® Best-in-Business Award1 for  excellence in independent financial advising.
Investment management is core to how we support clients in achieving and maintaining financial independence. We believe that intensive research and a disciplined process are critical to that investment success. 
Over the years, we have had the opportunity to share our research expertise across a number of services: We advise the Litman Gregory Masters Funds, provide Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies on third-party asset management platforms, and publish investment research and portfolio guidance for other investment advisors through AdvisorIntelligence.
The cornerstone of our success is the support and guidance of our team of professionals. Our values and principles guide every decision we make on behalf of our clients and for our business.


The core values behind Litman Gregory are:

Excellence. Deliver superior services and products.
Integrity. Adhere to the highest standards of fairness, honesty, and independent thinking.
Expertise. Apply specialized knowledge, skill, and ability.
Passion. Demonstrate tremendous enthusiasm and drive.

The core principles behind Litman Gregory are:

Clients first. We believe our success will be a result of putting the interests of our clients first.
Disciplined and rational decision making. We pursue excellence with respect to long-term investment returns by making rational decisions that are supported by thorough, fundamental research.
Independent and creative thinking. Thinking outside the box is an important part of our performance edge. By thinking creatively, we have identified what we believe to be uniquely superior investments.






1. Litman Gregory Asset Management is the recipient of the 2008 Schwab IMPACT® Best-in Business Award.  This national award recognizes one independent investment advisory firm for excellence in business management and client services. The criteria include demonstrated success in business planning, practice management, employee development, and client loyalty. Litman Gregory and its employees are independent of and are not employees or agents of Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. ("Schwab"). Schwab does not prepare, verify, or endorse information distributed by Litman Gregory. The IMPACT® Award is not an endorsement, testimonial endorsement, recommendation, or referral to Litman Gregory with respect to its investment advisory and other services. Such rating is not representative of the experience of any single client of Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC and is not indicative of the future performance of the firm.


These videos are provided for informational purposes only and may not be suitable for all investors. They contain forward-looking statements and/or projections that may not come to pass. No statement included herein is to be construed as a solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell a security, or the rendering of personalized investment, tax or legal advice. Past performance may not be indicative of future results and may have been impacted by economic events and market trends that will not recur going forward. Investing involves risk, including the potential loss of principal, and there can be no assurance that any particular investment, asset class or strategy will prove profitable. For additional information about Litman Gregory, please request a copy of our disclosure brochure or visit the SEC's website at  adviserinfo.sec.gov.









Careers | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
©2017 Litman Gregory. All rights reserved. | Powered by PRI







 
































About Litman Gregory | Co-Founded by Ken Gregory & Craig Litman


























































Our Story








Our Beginning
Litman Gregory was co-founded by Ken Gregory and Craig Litman in 1987. The two crossed paths in a post-graduate tax course at Golden Gate University in San Francisco and bonded over their mutual frustration with the then-typical business model of the financial industry. Both recognized that a better model for managing client assets was one that aligned business interests with clients by charging a fee based on assets rather than on transactions and products.
Craig and Ken each brought their areas of specialty to the partnership — Craig on the client side, and Ken on the research side. Their unique combination of skills resulted in the successful investment management firm that is known today for the strength of its independent research as well as for its commitment to serving the needs of individual clients, endowments, and foundations.
Drivers of Our Success
The success of our firm is a direct result of both our culture and our team of highly skilled professionals that share our values. Our core values and principles guide every decision we make on behalf of our clients and for our business.
Core Values
Excellence. Deliver superior services and products.
Integrity. Adhere to the highest standards of fairness, honesty, and independent thinking.
Expertise. Apply specialized knowledge, skill, and ability.
Passion. Demonstrate tremendous enthusiasm and drive.
Core Principles
Clients first. We believe our success will be a result of putting the interests of our clients first.
Disciplined and rational decision making. We pursue excellence with respect to long-term investment returns by making rational decisions that are supported by thorough, fundamental research.
Independent and creative thinking. Thinking outside the box is an important part of our performance edge. By thinking creatively, we have identified what we believe to be uniquely superior investment alternatives.
 
*Litman Gregory and its employees are independent of and are not employees or agents of Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (“Schwab”). Schwab does not prepare, verify or endorse information distributed by Litman Gregory. The IMPACT™ Award is not an endorsement, testimonial endorsement, recommendation or referral to Litman Gregory with respect to its investment advisory and other services. Such rating is not representative of the experience of any single client of Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC and is not indicative of the future performance of the firm.


 Schwab IMPACT® Best-in-Business Award Winner

Litman Gregory is a recipient of the Schwab Institutional® Best-in-Business Award for excellence in independent financial advising.* Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC was recognized for its best-in-class practice management and innovation in serving wealthy individuals, families and institutions. 









Our Community


Meet Our Team









 



Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC                                                                                     - Walnut Creek                                      , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Walnut Creek



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC
                                    



 





















L 


Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1676 N CALIF BLVD STE 500 WALNUT CREEK, CA 94596
Get Directions



(925) 254-8999
www.litmangregory.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded 1995
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $980,483.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts Craig A Litman                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Litman Gregory Asset Management, Llc                                                                                     is located at 1676 N Calif Blvd Ste 500 in Walnut Creek and has been in the business of Investment Advice since 1995. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 9:06 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. It provides its services to Individuals (other than high net worth individuals and includes trusts, estates, IRAs and 401(k) plans), high net worth individuals, trusts, estates, IRAs and 401(k) plans), pooled investment vehicles (other than Investment Companies), pension and profit sharing plans (but not the plan participants), charitable organizations, corporations, non-profits , and third-party investment advisors. The firm manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. Litman Gregory Asset Management,...
Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. It provides its services to Individuals (other than high net worth individuals and includes trusts, estates, IRAs and 401(k) plans), high net worth individuals, trusts, estates, IRAs and 401(k) plans), pooled investment vehicles (other than Investment Companies), pension and profit sharing plans (but not the plan participants), charitable organizations, corporations, non-profits , and third-party investment advisors. The firm manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC was founded in 1987 and is based in Larkspur, California with an additional office in Orinda, California.
Detailed Description


100 Larkspur Landing CircleSuite 204Larkspur, CA 94939United StatesFounded in 1987



Phone: 415-461-8999

Fax: 415-461-9099

www.lgam.com







Key Executives for Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC




Mr. Christopher C. Wheaton CPA, CFP


      	Co-Chief Executive Officer, Principal, Managing Partner, and Senior Investment Advisor
      








Mr. Steve Savage


      	Co-Chief Executive Officer and Principal
      








Mr. Kenneth Edmond Gregory


      	Co-Founding Principal and Managing Partner
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Craig A. Litman J.D.


      	Co-Founding Principal and Managing Partner
      


Age: 71
        







Ms. Jennifer Ann Ceccarelli


      	Principal, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Ops Officer of Investment Mgmt Svcs Group
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC, please visit www.lgam.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































	Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies

Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies




































  



Home   Contact Us    




About Litman Gregory



Overview
Our People
In the News




Overview



Introduction
Investment Approach
The Model Portfolios
FAQs




Availability



Overview
AssetMark
Envestnet
FTJ FundChoice
Cambridge Investment Research





Research







Advisor Login














 
The Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies website is available to registered investment advisors and is not intended for individuals.
I am a financial professional and I agree to the terms of use and privacy policy.





Terms and Conditions of Use

Any use of our web site is subject to our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
If you are an individual who along with an investment professional 
    has chosen a Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategy, you must contact your advisor if 
    you have questions or changes you wish to make to your account(s). 
    Litman Gregory provides portfolio consulting for Portfolio Strategies but does not 
    directly implement or administer its investment strategy. Implementation is done 
    through financial intermediaries, such as your financial advisor in conjunction 
    with an asset management/custodial firm offering Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies. 



   




Main Website
Litman Gregory Company Website
|
 Privacy Policy
|
Legal Notices
|
Powered by PRI























Video Center | Litman Gregory Masters Funds
































Skip to main content














 
Subscribe
Contact Us
Invest
Account Access


 

 

















 



Video Center




 








Waiting for the "Biggy"
Date: June 12, 2017
Alternative Strategies Fund sub-advisor Jeffrey Gundlach chose not to take advantage of the opportunity in energy-related junk bonds. In his strategy, he prefers to wait to buy junk bonds until there’s a more attractive recession-related downturn, which his firm does not see as imminent.









Investment-Grade Credit is High Risk
Date: June 12, 2017
DoubleLine Capital’s research indicates investment-grade credit is the most overvalued it’s been in its history versus Treasurys. Gundlach sees poor performance if the 10-year rate rises above 3%.









Changing Your Mind
Date: June 12, 2017
Gundlach understands that changing your mind as an investor is very difficult: it can generate feelings of remorse and open oneself up to criticism. But he embraces malleable thinking, having recently changed his long-standing opinions of several asset classes based on the evidence. 









Use of Leverage on the Alternative Strategies Fund
Date: May 18, 2017
Jeremy DeGroot discusses giving the managers the option of using leverage, though it has been used sparingly since inception, in line with our expectations.









Correlation to Stocks and Bonds
Date: May 18, 2017
Our expectation is for Alternative Strategies Fund to exhibit modest correlation to stocks and essentially no correlation to bonds over time, but correlations will move in a range given the flexibility offered to the fund’s sub-advisors.









Selecting the Managers
Date: May 8, 2017
Litman Gregory chief investment officer Jeremy DeGroot explains how extensive due diligence and long prior investment relationships helped his team identify the collection of great managers on the Alternative Strategies Fund.









Allocating Capital to the Managers
Date: May 8, 2017
Jeremy spells out the details of how capital is allocated to the different managers on the Alternative Strategies Fund. 









Incorporating the Alternative Strategies Fund into a Diversified Portfolio
Date: May 8, 2017
We recommend funding a position in the Alternative Strategies Fund with a mix of 20% to 40% stocks and 60% to 80% bonds. Watch for more details. 









A Core Alternatives Position
Date: May 8, 2017
We view our Alternative Strategies Fund as a core holding, rather than a tactical position, and we have sizable allocations to it in both our personal portfolios and the portfolios we manage for private clients.










Jeffrey Gundlach Explains DoubleLine’s Opportunistic Income Strategy
Date: April 20, 2017
Gundlach discusses the evolution of his team’s strategy and his team’s approach, which combines risk management, asset allocation, and security selection. 











Steven Romick Discusses FPA’s Contrarian Opportunity Strategy
Date: April 20, 2017
Romick covers his team’s bottoms-up style and process for evaluating the companies they own in the portfolio. He says they are “price-takers” who have to determine if a particular investment offers a reasonable risk to reward. 











Matt Eagan on Loomis Sayles’s Absolute-Return Fixed-Income Strategy
Date: April 20, 2017
Eagan and the Loomis Sayles team start with a risk framework to guide their best-ideas portfolio for the Alternative Strategies Fund, and then extend out to uncover opportunities where the margin-of-safety is attractive relative to intrinsic price. 











Gregg Loprete on Water Island Capital’s Arbitrage and Event-Driven Strategy
Date: April 20, 2017
Loprete discusses how in the credit opportunities portion of their portfolio they seek returns commensurate with traditional merger-arbitrage trades, but with a fraction of the downside.









A Look Back on Why We Created a Liquid Alternatives Fund & How We've Measured Up
Date: March 31, 2017
The Alternative Strategies Fund (MASFX) has a 5-year track record that includes a 5-Star Morningstar Rating and the highest Sharpe ratio in the Morningstar Multialternative category as of 3/31/2017. In this video, the fund's sub-advisors discuss their respective strategies.









The International Fund: A Distinctive High Active Share Concept with a Compelling Record
Date: March 31, 2017
The International Fund has outperformed its benchmark and peers annualized since inception. In this video, Litman Gregory co-founder Ken Gregory discusses this distinctive fund and its compelling record.









CEO Steve Savage on the Alternative Strategies Fund
Date: November 1, 2016
RIA Channel's Julie Cooling sits down with Litman Gregory's Steve Savage during IMPACT® 2016 to discuss the Litman Gregory Masters Alternative Strategies Fund.









Matt Eagan on Loomis Sayles’s Risk Management Framework 
Date: May 26, 2016
Eagan discusses a tool that allows his team to simulate how their portfolio would perform under similar historical periods to evaluate opportunities and risks in the current credit cycle. 









Steven Romick on FPA’s Contrarian Approach
Date: March 24, 2016
Romick says returns are driven by both what you invest in and what you don’t invest in. This is why his team tries to make investments where they feel the odds are heavily in their favor, irrespective of any kind of benchmark, but are unafraid to hold cash when they can’t find those kinds of opportunities.








Steven Romick on the Return Potential of Illiquid Investments
Date: March 24, 2016
Within their sleeve of the Alternative Strategies Fund, FPA has the ability to invest in illiquid asset classes. While they have made certain illiquid investments during their tenure when they felt the return potential was either higher than or uncorrelated with returns from traditional asset classes, their portfolio is currently tilting toward liquidity.








Steven Romick on his Relationship with Litman Gregory
Date: March 24, 2016
Romick reminisces about his long-time relationship with Litman Gregory and his first meeting with co-founder Ken Gregory. He says Litman Gregory asked tough questions to understand his investment process, giving them faith when he experienced a short-term period of underperformance that eventually reversed itself.








Mark Little on the Attractiveness of Managing a Concentrated Portfolio
Date: December 30, 2015
Lazard's Mark Little says the beauty of running a concentrated sleeve for the Masters Funds is it provides him the opportunity to run a portfolio of just his highest conviction ideas.









Mark Little on Finding Value in Cyclicals and Emerging-Markets Stocks
Date: December 30, 2015
Earlier this year, Little was concerned that both defensive and cyclical stocks were trading at high valuations, which he found to be contradictory. He explains that over the last few months, however, a pullback has led to potential opportunities in cyclical stocks and emerging markets. 









John Orrico on Capital Allocation
Date: December 30, 2015
Water Island's John Orrico discusses the challenge of how to allocate capital among various event-driven sub-strategies and the critical importance of understanding the correlated risks that run through the broader portfolio. 









John Orrico on Risk Management
Date: December 30, 2015
Orrico shares how his firm has expanded its risk management capabilities to deal with changing technologies and an evolving investment landscape.  










Jeffrey Gundlach's Key to Successful Investing
Date: November 6, 2015
For Gundlach, the key to successful investing is memory, and he claims it's what saved him during the financial crisis: "A successful investor … makes all the mistakes everybody else makes, but learns from them."









Jeffrey Gundlach on the High-Yield Market
Date: November 6, 2015
When it comes to the high-yield bond market, Gundlach says we are all "summer insects" because it has only existed during a secular decline in interest rates. What will the default environment be like when companies have to roll over their debt loads at higher interest rates?









Jeffrey Gundlach's "Fiscal Stimulus" Argument
Date: November 6, 2015
Gundlach says it's nutty to think that the economy would benefit from raising the federal funds rate. A better fiscal stimulus would be to provide funds not to savers but to median consumers with the actual propensity to spend.









Jeffrey Gundlach's View on China
Date: November 6, 2015
Gundlach believes that China is the biggest risk now facing the financial markets. Contrary to stated GDP figures, he thinks China is really in recession. Investors are just coming to realize the U.S. economy is not fully insulated from the situation there.






 
 





Key Links

Our Investment Approach

What Others are Saying

Fact Sheets

 

 









×








The Litman Gregory Masters Funds monthly email provides investors a way to stay in touch with us and receive information regarding the Litman Gregory Masters Funds and investment principles in general. Topics may include updates on the funds and managers, further insights into Litman Gregory’s processes, and commentary on various aspects of investing.





 First Name: *








 Last Name: *








 Email: *









 I am an existing shareholder.



 I am a registered investment professional.*
 Yes
                                                         No





Submit * Required



































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






CA7FC4BF (SCB*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Our Latest Thinking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login

























Our Latest Thinking











Identifying the main drivers of long-term change is key to investment success in the 21st century. We believe we are at the beginning of a secular growth phase for the U.S. economy driven largely by the rebalancing of global growth from the developed to the developing world. We focus on the long-term drivers, the macro forces and investment themes at play across industries that are taking us into the next growth cycle.
Learn More






2017 Mid-Year ISO: The Tortoise and the Hare Cycle

Learn More









2017 U.S. Trust Insights on Wealth and Worth®
Our Survey results reveal common success traits that create a picture of modern day wealth in America.
Learn More









Reaping What We Compute
The Future of Technology in Agriculture
Learn More






Making It Your Mission
What values drive and inform your giving?
Learn More






Estate Administration in the Digital Era
Modern technology and antiquated statutes can present estate administrators with unexpected challenges.
Learn More






Highlights from the 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of HNW Philanthropy
Our study reveals a passion for philanthropy but also uncertainty about the impact.
Watch The Video






Capital Acumen Issue 32
 The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






Art in a New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as a part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






The Growing Adoption of Wind Power
 The wind power industry is expected to deliver rapid job growth over the next decade.
Learn More






THE OWNER'S EMOTIONAL JOURNEY
 Lessons Learned Before, During and After the Sale of a Business 
Learn More






2017 Viewpoint: Shifting winds
Navigating Uncertainty with Specialty Assets
Learn More






Market Insights You Can Act On
Having the ability to have a pulse on what's going on around the world is absolutely critical.
Watch The Video









Alternative Energy: Powering a Brighter Future
Conventional sources are expected to continue to dominate the energy mix as the world moves toward a low-carbon economy
Learn More






Technology Is Disrupting Everything—Even Sneakers
CIO Chris Hyzy looks at game-changing innovation across industries and the often unexpected investment opportunities it's creating
Watch The Video






Sci-Fi M.D.: Moore's Law Meets the Hippocratic Oath
With technology generating futuristic advances, look for investment opportunities within healthcare — and beyond
Learn More






The Ripple Effect of Brexit
The repercussions of the UK's vote point to an uncertain future across the Eurozone and elsewhere.
Learn More






New Administration, New Realities for Investors
Optimism about the impact of President Trump's potentially pro-growth policies accelerates tectonic shifts in the markets.
Learn More






Five Investment Themes for 2017
Global equity markets are ending the year on a high note with solid gains for the fourth quarter so far in the U.S., Europe and Japan.
Learn More






PRESIDENT TRUMP: WHAT HIS TAX PROPOSALS COULD MEAN FOR YOU
Mitch Drossman discusses what tax-planning steps individuals and corporations should consider.
Watch The Video






The 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy 
Who's Giving to Which Causes and Why
Read More






Don't Fight the Fed
Despite unfavorable predictions from many economists, a stable dollar and the Federal Reserve's cautious stance seem to have staved off a global recession.
Read More






Investing in Iran: Roses or Thorns?
 In a nation newly open to foreign commerce, we find an abundance of investment opportunities — and caveats
Read More






In Conversation With Jane McGonigal
Shall we play a game? The author and video game designer talks time, gaming and the future.
Read More






IMPACT INVESTING: PEOPLE, THE PLANET AND PROFIT
As Impact Investing Comes Of Age, Investors Can Finally Seek a Better World and Return on Investment.
Learn More






Can China's Economy Bounce Back
DeAnne Steele on the depreciation of the yuan, the changing focus of the Chinese economy, and what it all means for investors.
Read More







Business Owners: You, Your Family, and Your Business
Working with a global financial services company helps enable you to address — and simplify — both your business and personal financial lives.

Learn More  







 KEEPING PENSION FUNDING GOALS IN SIGHT
This white paper investigates the use of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in pension funding strategies.
Learn More 






Investing for Maximum Impact
Today's investors are using their portfolios to change the world-without losing return potential
Learn More




 



Addressing Memory and Your Family
There is no cure for cognitive decline, but we have a partial solution: being prepared for the unexpected.
Watch The Video






Rebuilding America: The Road Ahead
U.S. roads and highways, bridges and power grids, and other critical infrastructure have fallen into dangerous disrepair.
Learn More






Timberland as a Sustainable Investment
Timberland offers an opportunity to pursue both—an environmentally sensitive investment platform and financial advantages.
Learn More







Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, highlights why women are growing into an economic superpower
Learn More







Women and Climate Change
Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, describes how women may be especially vulnerable to the effects of climate change
Learn More






Direct Real Estate Investing
Commercial real estate offers the potential for attractive yields, capital appreciation and valuable tax benefits.
Learn More






A fixed income investment approach designed to optimize after-tax yield and after-tax total return
Learn More






Experiences shared and lessons learned from entrepreneurs who successfully sold or transferred their businesses to family members.
Learn More









Intelligent Outsourcing
This white paper examines when the outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) arrangement may be appropriate for an organization.
Learn More






The Power of Positive Teaching
Educating children about the responsibilities of wealth can help keep them wealth-smart.
Learn More





Mitch Drossman, U.S. Trust's national director of wealth planning strategies, discusses the midterm election results, their possible legislative impact, and the implications from a tax-planning perspective.
Watch The Video












Specialty Asset Management
Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
Learn More






Transitioning America's Farmland
It's clear that over the next decade or so, much of America's farmland — now held or farmed by an aging generation — will need to be transitioned.
Learn More






From Best Practices to Next Practices
In search of long-term and sustained philanthropic impact.
Learn More






Making Specialty Asset Gifts Work for Your Organization
Without the proper planning, accepting gifts of real assets today can lead to unexpected and potentially costly consequences. Are you prepared?
Learn More






Women and Girls Equality Strategy
By applying a gender lens, investors can align their portfolios with the goal of supporting gender equality while seeking a market rate of return.
Learn More






The more successful and established entrepreneurs become, the more likely they are to want a more formal mechanism for giving.
Learn More






Family Wealth Services
Our comprehensive, values-based approach to meeting the wealth management needs of our clients and their families.
Learn More






The ElderCare Planning Program
We are committed to addressing the wealth management needs of our clients and their aging families.
Learn More






Personalized Banking and Credit
Your banking and credit needs deserve the same level of expertise as your investments.
Learn More






Customized Aviation Financing
Developing a financing strategy for your aircraft.
Learn More






Financial Empowerment
Prepare your children for the important financial opportunities that lie ahead.
Learn More






Financing a special and unique asset.
Learn More



 






 







Filter By:





Capabilities


Show All
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring and Planning
Credit & Banking




Topics


Show All

Tax Planning
Trusts and Estates
Non-Financial Assets
Philanthropy










Back to Top




AR-ARTPRMPV-EXP-2018.02.7























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






CA7FC4BF (SCB*******803)



   







U.S. Trust - Credit and Banking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Credit and Banking
Financing and Liquidity Solutions
With our wide array of credit and banking capabilities, we can build a custom credit solution that works for you.






Custom credit
Sophisticated solutions for your credit needs1
Your financial strength allows you to use credit strategically to create and benefit from unique financial opportunities. We can provide financing solutions to help meet immediate short and long-term needs plus specialty financing options when your borrowing need is to acquire assets, including:

Yachts
Aircraft
Fine art
Investor commercial real estate
Hedge funds
Concentrated or restricted stock positions
Recreational real estate


Customized credit solutions can also play a crucial role in implementing your trust and wealth transfer strategies.
Private Client Line2
A flexible line of credit, secured by your investment management accounts at U.S. Trust. The Private Client Line is designed to help you meet liquidity needs and enhance your cash flow without depleting cash reserves or compromising your investment strategy.

Private Client Line 

Liquidity services
Simplified banking and enhanced convenience
A key component of your overall financial strategy should include cash management. At U.S. Trust, we offer traditional banking solutions and services designed to help you:

Manage traditional everyday liquidity
Maximize access and convenience to your funds
Generate competitive returns on your deposit balances

Your client team will develop a tailored financial strategy to help meet your short-term liquidity needs as well as your longer-term personal and financial goals.
Real estate finance
A strategic approach to structuring transactions
The right mortgage can not only meet your residential real estate needs, but can be a cornerstone of managing your wealth. You will be advised by a team of specialists who understand substantial real estate transactions and the importance of personalized loan structures. From traditional or customized mortgages to home equity lines of credit, we will work to find the right solution to help meet your needs.
Financial management tools
Sophisticated and secure account management services
Monitor and manage your U.S. Trust accounts at any time using our sophisticated and secure online and mobile3 banking capabilities. You can also view your accounts at other financial institutions4 and transfer funds from them into your U.S. Trust accounts.
If you own a small business, simplify your business banking and management through our powerful account management service. In addition to these everyday banking services, U.S. Trust offers special resources to families with particularly complex wealth needs and ownership structures.

1 Bank of America, N.A. and its affiliates do not serve in a fiduciary capacity when offering or providing any type of credit solution.
2 The Private Client Line is offered by U.S. Trust and not by or through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated. Credit is subject to approval. Normal credit standards apply.
3 You must first enroll in Online Banking and set up Transfers and Bill Pay. Wireless carrier fees may apply.
4 To view accounts from another financial institution, you must have online access set up with that institution.
Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Banking & Mortgage products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC.
AR-ARJKLDHJ-EXP-2017.12.14






Videos:


Art as a Source of Liquidity



Leveraging Your Art Collection








You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Wealth Structuring
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

Personalized Banking and Credit
Aviation Financing
Customized Marine Financing
Fine Art Lending




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






CA7FC4BF (SCB*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






CA7FC4BF (SCB*******803)




   









gregory litman asset management - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Gregory Litman - Top Deals & Bargains For Penny Savers.



Ad
 ·
LowPriceShopper.com



Top Deals & Bargains For Penny Savers. Shop Gregory Litman!





Circle of Excellence



Sports & Recreation Books



Computer Books




Best Selling Products



Miscellaneous Books



Magazines & Newspapers





Asset Management Information - Search for Asset Management



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​asset/​management



Find Asset Management Results on Alothome.com. Browse Asset Management Listings.




Gregory Litman Revealed - Want Info on Gregory Litman?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Gregory Litman? Just Search A Name and State.





Search Records Now



Learn More



Best Background Check



Best People Search





Searches related togregory litman asset management



litman gregory reviews


litman gregory managed portfolios


litman gregory balanced portfolio


litman gregory walnut creek



litman capital management


litman gregory advisorintelligence


advisor intelligence litman


litman gregory masters alternative fund




Web Results

Litman Gregory - Investment Advisor, Investment Research ...

www.litmangregory.com


Litman Gregory offers wealth management, investment research services, and mutual funds, all driven by our manager selection and asset allocation research expertise.



People



Investment Professionals



AdvisorIntelligence



Overview



Careers



Contact



Litman Gregory Asset Management | Wealth & Financial Planning

https://lgam.com


Since 1987 we have helped individuals, families, endowments, and foundations determine and reach financial goals. Learn more about how we can help you.


Litman Gregory Asset Management

https://portal.lgam.com


Welcome to the Litman Gregory Asset Management client login area. Client Login. We are dedicated to providing you with the highest level of service.


Litman Gregory | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/company/litman-gregory


The Litman Gregory companies are driven by our commitment to in-depth, independent research of managers and asset classes. Our investment management business has ...


Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC: Private Company ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Litman Gregory Asset Management | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/company/litman-gregory-asset-management


Learn more about Litman Gregory Asset Management, part of Litman Gregory. Join LinkedIn today for free. Follow Litman Gregory Asset Management to get updates, news ...


Litman Gregory AdvisorIntelligence

https://www.advisorintelligence.com


Investment professionals can access Litman Gregory's manager selection, asset allocation, and investment research expertise through AdvisorIntelligence.


Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC - BrightScope

https://www.brightscope.com/.../Litman-Gregory-Asset-Management-LLC


Contact Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC or view Litman Gregory Asset Management, LLC's ratings, investment advice, financial planning and insurance services, and ...


Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies

lgportfolios.com


The Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies website is available to registered investment advisors and ... an asset management ... Litman Gregory Portfolio ...










Gregory Litman - Top Deals & Bargains For Penny Savers.



Ad
 ·
LowPriceShopper.com



Top Deals & Bargains For Penny Savers. Shop Gregory Litman!





Circle of Excellence



Sports & Recreation Books



Computer Books




Best Selling Products



Miscellaneous Books



Magazines & Newspapers





Asset Management Information - Search for Asset Management



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​asset/​management



Find Asset Management Results on Alothome.com. Browse Asset Management Listings.




Gregory Litman Revealed - Want Info on Gregory Litman?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Gregory Litman? Just Search A Name and State.





Search Records Now



Learn More



Best Background Check



Best People Search




Searches related togregory litman asset management



litman gregory reviews


litman gregory managed portfolios


litman gregory balanced portfolio


litman gregory walnut creek



litman capital management


litman gregory advisorintelligence


advisor intelligence litman


litman gregory masters alternative fund




12345Next






Answers







Asset management



Asset management, broadly defined, refers to any system that monitors and maintains things of value to an entity or group. It may apply to both...

more






IT asset management



IT asset management (ITAM) is the set of business practices that join financial, contractual and inventory functions to support life cycle management...

more






Brian D. Litman



Brian D. Litman (born May 9, 1954) is an American media, entertainment and technology entrepreneur and inventor. In the seventies, Litman worked as a...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network


















	Investment Advisor, Investment Research, and Mutual Funds | Litman Gregory










 










about us
people

recognition

contact






 


 
 
Litman Gregory offers wealth management, mutual funds, and research services, all driven by our asset allocation and manager selection expertise.



Wealth Management +
 
Learn more about Litman Gregory’s integrated approach to wealth management for individuals, families, and nonprofits.


Mutual Funds +
 
Learn more about Litman Gregory Masters Funds.


Research and Portfolios forInvestment Professionals +
 
Learn more about Litman Gregory’s solutions for investment professionals including AdvisorIntelligence and Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies.










Litman Gregory Businesses
Litman Gregory Asset Management »
Litman Gregory Portfolio Strategies »
Litman Gregory Masters Funds »
Litman Gregory AdvisorIntelligence »


 




1676 N. California Blvd., Suite 500Walnut Creek, CA 94596(925) 254-8999

 






 











Careers | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
©2017 Litman Gregory. All rights reserved. | Powered by PRI







 

















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


