













 





 
































Liu Lei, Longgang, Shenzhen, Guangdong, China, 518173 | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Liu Lei
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Supplier company  China






        See Liu Lei's products and customers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data

2 US import shipments
1 Mexico shipment 

 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
2 U.S. shipments available for Liu Lei, updated weekly since 2007




Date
Supplier
Customer
Details

          41          more fields
        


2016-03-14
See all 2 shipment records for Liu Lei with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

2014-11-30


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Cleaned and organized Mexico shipments
1 Mexico shipment available for Liu Lei




Date
Data Source
Customer
Details


2015-01-30
See all 1 mexico shipment for Liu Lei with Panjiva's Mexico data add-on.Request a DemoorSign Up 


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more. Learn more



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 3 customers of Liu Lei
 Learn more about network view 




Top customers


Empresas De Mensajeria Sin ... 






Sign up to access 







Sign up to access 







3 customers available
        


Top products


lcd tv 





light fitting 





glasses plastic 





cabinet speaker 





furniture 






14 top products available
        





Contact information for Liu Lei


 

Address
ROOM 1210,BUILDING 3,TONGXINYUAN,JINGDU STATION,LUOSHA ROAD,LUOHU DISTRICT, SHENZHEN, 518004, China

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
3 shipment records available



Date
2016-03-14


Shipper Name
Liu Lei


Shipper Address
5-9-2006 ZHENYECHENGII,LONGGANG, DISTRICT SHENZHEN,CHINA, SHENZHEN


Consignee Name
Blue Top Co.


Consignee Address
17 S BEECH ST,OXFORD,OH 45056,USA, OXFORD


Weight
4757


Weight Unit
K


Weight in KG
4757.0


Quantity
221


Quantity Unit
PKG


Country of Origin
China


Details
4,757.0 kgFrom port: Yantian, ChinaTo port: Port of Virginia, Norfolk, Virginia


Place of Receipt
Yantian


Foreign Port of Lading
Yantian, China


U.S. Port of Unlading
Port of Virginia, Norfolk, Virginia


U.S. Destination Port
Port of Virginia, Norfolk, Virginia


Commodity
FURNITURE WALLPAPER CABINET SPEAKER LCD TV LIGHT FITTING GLASSES PLASTIC TABLEWARE PACKING BOX


Container
GVCU9014975


Carrier Name
W & L INTERNATIONAL EXPRESS INC


Vessel Name
CMA CGM LA SCALA


Voyage Number
153US


Bill of Lading Number
WLIRPL2016020075


Master Bill of Lading Number
COSU6121507990


HTS Codes
HTS 3924







 


Suppliers of similar products from China

Chinese cabinet manufacturersChinese furniture manufacturersChinese glasses manufacturersChinese lcd tv manufacturersChinese speaker manufacturers.
            


Suppliers similar to Liu Lei

Chemact Petrolchemical InternationaSourcerite Ind. And Trade Co., Ltd.Zhongshan Rongzhong ClothingEastyida International ExhibitionChangzhou Comwin Plastic Products C.
              






Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 











Lei Liu
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Lei Liu, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Lei Liu

Lei Liu exports to Mr. Lei Liu through the port of New York, New York        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Lei Liu and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 SHIN CATERPILLAR MITSUBISHI        
 DELL PRODUCTS
 PANASONIC CONSUMER ELECTRONICS COMP
 TOYS R-US (WAREHOUSE #0083)
 GENERAL MOTORS CANADA LIMITED
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Lei Liu
Lei Liu exports to Mr. Lei Liu through the port of New York, New York


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



LEI LIU
GEDEMPTE GRACHT 55 EINDHOVEN BZ 5611 NL


MR. LEI LIU
4211 BURTON DR. SANTA CLARES CA 95054 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



MR. LEI LIU
4211 BURTON DR. SANTA CLARES CA 95054 US



MR LEI LIV
MR LEI LIV





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



OOLU4017995760


OOLU8357938
OOLU8357938


Product Description




USED HOUSEHOLD GOODS AND PERSONAL EFFECTS
USED HOUSEHOLD GOODS AND PERSONAL EFFECTS









Bill of LadingFFPV15103726Arrival Date2015-11-10Weight (LB)836Weight (KG)380UnitsCFQuantity1 PKGContainer Count1CBM1Voyage No.030WPort of LoadingROTTERDAMPort of DischargeNEW YORK, NEW YORKVessel NameNYK RUMINACarrier CodeFFPVCountry Of OriginNetherlands 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Lei Liu. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Lei Liu has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Lei Liu







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Lei Liu
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Mediaplus4you Office                                



                                    Yangzhou Jiefeiao Tourism-plastic P                                



                                    Gally Sebastian                                



                                    Shree V Harsha Enterprises India P                                



                                    Sgws Alaska                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.2298
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X
















Liu Lei | Facebook





Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？Liu LeiLiu Lei 正在使用 Facebook。注册 Facebook，与 Liu Lei 建立联系。登录或注册关于 Liu Lei工作QualcommProduct Engineer · 2017年5月7日至今 · 新加坡NXP SemiconductorsProduct and Yield Engineer · 2012年9月 - 2013年9月SSMCProduct Engineer · 2009年6月26日 - 2017年5月4日 · Singapore, SingaporeSSMCIA student · 2007年5月 - 2007年7月GREEN ISLAND TOURSInternship · 2005年1月 - 2005年7月学历National University of Singapore2009 毕业 · Electrical Engineering · 新加坡Eindhoven University of Technology2008 毕业 · Electronics · 埃因霍温National Junior College2004 毕业 · 新加坡Nanyang Girls' High School2002 毕业 · 新加坡所在地和家乡新加坡所在地湖北省 武汉市家乡其他居住过的地方奈梅亨2012年9月16日搬到此处埃因霍温2008年1月搬到此处你关注的主页Music插班生 the Freshman运动员Roger Federer其他GREEN ISLAND TOURS 、FC Barcelona 、 Andrés Iniesta、Bojan Krkić 、 Warner Music Singapore、US OPEN 、 Singapore Photographers、Bojan Krkic 、 Pep Team、Leo Messi 、 Sgexamguru、Jay Shetty 、 National Junior College Singapore、The Library 、 Zone H Residents' Committee at Sengkang South、 Teo Chee Hean、Lianhe Zaobao 联合早报、China Airlines 中華航空、林少緯- Willy Lin、StarHub 、 National Junior College、Andrew Matthews - Author 、Espen Fadnes 、 Sengkang Neighbourhood Police Centre、Lee Hsien Loong 、 Savitar Tennis、Ayara Hilltops Boutique Resort & Spa 、TU Eindhoven 、 Fox Glacier Guiding、ConstantWind Sea Sports Centre 、Vickii Ma 、 PA Water-Venture、Singapore Airlines 、我愛旅行、 Nanyang Girls' High School展开照片+3,039查看更多照片其他也叫 Liu Lei 的人Lei LiuLei  LiuLei Liu刘磊刘蕾Lei LiuLei LiuLei Liu查看更多名叫“Liu Lei”的用户查看湖北省 武汉市更多名叫 Liu Lei 的用户查看新加坡更多名叫 Liu Lei 的用户其他名字相似的用户劉陞宏（劉陞宏）Zihe Ivy LiuMaoyuan LiuSandy LiuHsiou-Chang LiuLiu LiewAliasjia Lei联系方式无联系方式可显示中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




	CYBRDI Trademark of LIU, LEI. Serial Number: 76683876 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
CYBRDI










 
Get FREE email alerts













CYBRDI  Trademark Information
 LIU, LEI
Tissue Array, Blocks and IHC Services




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
tissue   array      blocks   ihc   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CYBRDI trademark by LIU, LEI 
                                in New Market, MD, 21774.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CYBRDI trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner LIU, LEI of the CYBRDI trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CYBRDI trademark.
                           






On Friday, November 9, 2007,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CYBRDI by 
                        LIU, LEI, New Market, MD  21774.
                        The USPTO has given the CYBRDI 
                        trademark serial  number of  76683876.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for CYBRDI is 
                        
                        
                                            Lei Liu of 
                                            11018 COUNTRY CLUB RD,  NEW MARKET, MD 21774-6709,  
                                .
                            The CYBRDI trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CYBRDI 
                            is Tissue Array, Blocks and IHC Services. 
                            





Word mark:
 CYBRDI


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

10/3/2008






  Serial Number:  
76683876


  Filing Date:  
11/9/2007


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Tissue Array, Blocks and IHC Services


 Mark Description: 
The literal element of the mark consists of "Cybrdi". The mark consists of lettering "Cybrdi". The color green appears on the letterings of"Cybrdi". The color blue appears as the dot of the lettering "i".


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

LIU, LEINew Market, MD  21774
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing with Words in Stylized form


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Lei Liu
11018 COUNTRY CLUB RD
NEW MARKET, MD 21774-6709







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
11/10/2002


First Use In Commerce: 
11/10/2002





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CYBRDI trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

10/3/2008
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Lei Liu


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CYBRDI trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search cybrdi on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CYBRDI 




CYBRDI is providing Tissue Array, Blocks and IHC Services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Lei Zhang's Homepage - CS@UIC







  


Lei Zhang (张镭)
Ph.D.
Department of Computer Science
University of Illinois at Chicago ( UIC )




								Email: lzhang32 AT gmail DOT com 
							




About Me
I have received Ph.D. degree in Computer Science from 
				UIC. My advisor is Prof. Bing Liu. 
				I received my Master and Bacholer's degree in Computer Science 
				from Wuhan University, China.
			

Research Interests
My research interests include Opinion 
					Mining / Sentiment Analysis, Text Mining, Data Mining and 
				Machine Learning.
			

Publications  







 Lei 
												Zhang, Bing Liu  "Aspect Extraction for Sentiment Analysis in 
											Social Media", book chapter in Encyclopedia of Social Network Analysis and 
											Mining, Springer, 2016

Lei Zhang, Bing Liu. "Sentiment 
											Analysis and Opinion Mining", book chapter in Encyclopedia of 
									Machine Learning and Data Mining, Springer, 2015
									
Lei Zhang, Bing Liu. "Aspect and Entity Extraction for Opinion 
										Mining", book chapter in Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery for Big Data: 
										Methodologies, Challenges, and Opportunities, Springer, 2014 [pdf]  
									
										Lifeng Jia, Clement Yu, Weiyi Meng and Lei Zhang. Facet-Driven 
										Blog Feed Retrieval. In Proceeding of the 14th International Conference on 
											Intelligent Text Processing and Computational Linguistics (CICLing 
											2013)
									
										Bing Liu, Lei Zhang.   "A  Survey of 
										Opinion Mining and Sentiment Analysis". book chapter in Mining Text Data, 
										 Kluwer Academic Publishers 2012 [pdf]
									
Lei Zhang, Bing Liu. "Extracting 
										Resource Terms for Sentiment Analysis". In Proceeding of the 5th International 
											Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing (IJCNLP 2011) 
										[pdf]
									
Lei Zhang, Bing Liu. "Identifying Noun Product Features that 
										Imply Opinions". In Proceeding of the 49th Annual Meeting of the Association 
											for Computational Linguistics (ACL 2011) [poster][pdf]
									
										Zhongwu Zhai, Bing Liu, Lei Zhang, Hua Xu, Peifa Jia.  
										"Identifying Evaluative Sentences in Online Discussions" In Proceedings of 25th 
											Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI 2011)
									
Malu 
        Castellanos, Umeshwar Dayal, Meichun 
												Hsu, 
Riddhiman Ghosh, Mohamed Dekhil, Yue Lu, Lei Zhang, Mark 
										Schreiman. "LCI : A Social Channel Analysis Platform for Live Customer 
										Intelligence" In Proceedings of the 2011 ACM SIGMOD/PODS Conference
										(SIGMOD 2011)
									
Lei Zhang, Riddhiman Ghosh, Mohamed Dekhil, Meichun Hsu, Bing 
										Liu. "Combining Lexicon-based and Learning-based Methods for Twitter 
										Sentiment Analysis".  Technical Report, HP Labs.[pdf]   
									
									
Lei 
											Zhang, Bing Liu. "Entity Set Expansion in Opinion Documents".In 
											Proceedings of the 22nd ACM Conference on Hypertext and Hypermedia(HT 
											2011) [ppt][pdf][demo][data]
									
Malu Castellanos, Riddhiman Ghosh, Yue Lu, 
                                    Lei Zhang, Perla Ruiz, Mohamed Dekhil, Umeshwar Dayal,Meichun 
												Hsu.  "LivePulse: Tapping Social Media for Sentiments in Real-Time", In 
											Proceedings of the 20th World Wide Web Conference (WWW 
											2011) [system demo]
									
Lei Zhang, Bing Liu, Suk Hwan Lim, Eamonn O'Brien-Strain. 
										"Extracting and Ranking Product Features in Opinion Documents", In 
											Proceedings of the 23rd International Conference on Computational Linguistics
										(COLING 2010) [poster] 
										[pdf] [demo]
									
										Xiaoli Li, Lei Zhang, Bing Liu, See-Kiong Ng. "Distributional 
										Similarity vs. PU Learning for Entity Set Expansion", In Proceedings of the 
											48th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL 
											2010)
									
										Xiaowen Ding, Bing Liu, Lei Zhang. "Entity Discovery and 
										Assignment for Opinion Mining Applications",  In Proceedings of ACM SIGKDD 
											International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD 
											2009)
									
Lei Zhang, Bing Liu, Jeffrey Benkler, Chi Zhou. "Finding 
										Actionable Knowledge via Automated Comparison", In Proceedings of the 25th 
											International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE 2009) [ppt][pdf][similar 
											open source application]
									






Teaching Experience






Teaching Assistant
								,     Department of Computer Science of 
								UIC, U.S.       August 2006 - May 2007
								
Teaching Assistant
								,     Computer School, Wuhan 
								University, China            September 
								2004 - December 2004
								
Teacher,       Hubei 
									Communications Technical 
									College, China                     
									 March 2004 - July 2004








Working Experience






Data Mining Scientist
								,  Linkedin. Mountain View, CA, U.S.  September 2015 - Present
								
Computer Scientist ,  Adobe. 
								San Jose, CA, U.S.  December 2012 -  September 2015
								
Machine Learning Specialist and Software Development Manager
								,  E-Commerce,  Sears Holdings Corporation.  Hoffman 
								Estates, IL, U.S.  May 2011 -  December 2012 
								
Research Associate
								,    Intelligent Information Management Lab at HP Labs, Palo 
								Alto, CA,  U.S.   May - August  2010
								
Graduate Research Assistant
								,    Motorola Labs, 
								Schaumburg, IL, U.S.  May - August 2009
								
Graduate Research Assistant
								,   Motorola Labs, Schaumburg, IL, U.S.  May - August 
								2007
								
Software Engineer,  WHU Firstlink Digital 
									Technology Co., Ltd, Wuhan, Hubei, China.  July 2005 - June 
									2006                 





Talks






"Bussiness Analytics at 
														LinkedIn"   Talk given at Department of EECS, Colorado 
													School of Mine.  April 21, 2016

"Multilingual 
															Sentiment Analysis for Social Media : Technologies and Challenges" 
												Talk given at San Francisco Globalization Meetup. 
													July 13, 2015  

												"Text Analytics for Dig Data"  Talk given 
											at Big Data Forum, iheima.com. March 28, 2015  
											
"Social Media Analytics: Harness 
															Bussiness Intelligence from Big Data"  Talk given at Big 
														Data Forum, Analysys International. Feburary 15, 2015  

												"NLP in the Era of Big Data: a Practioner's Perspective"  
											   Talk given at Multimedia 
											Communication Center, Wuhan University. Janurary 6, 
											2015   
											
"Aspect 
													and Entity Extraction from Opinion Documents"    Ph.D. 
												defense presentation. University of Illinois at Chicago. 
											  March 28, 2012  
											
												"Opinion Mining : 
													A Multifaceted Problem"     Talk given at Machine 
												Learning Group, Online Bussiness Unit,  Sears Holdings Corporation.  
												Feburary 16, 2011        










Professional Services




    Invited Reviewer  


Journal of Knowledge and Information 
												Systems

Journal of Data Mining and 
												Knowledge Discovery

Journal of World Wide 
												Web 
										
KSII Transactions on Internet and Information 
												Systems

International Journal of Asian 
												Language Processing

Journal of 
												Natural Language Engineering

Central European Journal of 
												Computer Science

Journal 
												of Data & Knowledge Engineering


												Journal of Human-Computer Studies

Journal 
												of Information Processing and Management 


												IEEE Computational Intelligence Magazine

IEEE Access

Journal of Neural 
												Networks

Transactions 
												on Audio, Speech and Language Processing

Entropy

Artificial 
												Intelligence Review 

PLOS ONE

Social Network Analysis 
												and Mining 


												Electronic Commerce Research and Applications 

Journal of Systems Science 
												and Systems Engineering 


												Political Science Research and Methods 

Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing										  

5th ACM International Conference on Web 
												Search and Data Mining (WSDM 2012)
  
     Program Committee Member



8th International Joint Conference on Natural Language 
																	Processing ( IJCNLP 2017)

Sentiment Discovery and Opinion 
																		Mining ( WISDOM 2017)

Conference on Empirical Methods on 
																		Natural Language Processing (EMNLP 2017) 

Conference of the Association for 
																		Computational Linguistics (ACL 2017) 

30th International Conference 
															on Industrial, Engineering & Other Applications of Applied Intelligent 
															Systems (IEA/AIE 2017)
													

International AAAI Conference on Web and 
        Social Media (ICWSM 2017 )

Conference of the 
																	European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics
															(EACL 2017)

15th 
																China National Conference on Computational Linguistics (CCL 2016)

26th International Conference 
																on Computational Linguistics (COLING 2016)

Conference
																on Empirical Methods on Natural 
        Language Processing (EMNLP 2016)


Conference of the Association for 
														Computational Linguistics (ACL 2016)

29th International 
													Conference on Industrial, Engineering & Other Applications of Applied 
													Intelligent Systems (IEA/AIE 2016)

Sentiment Discovery and Opinion 
							Mining (WISDOM 2015)

Conference on 
							Natural Language Processing and Chinese Computing
						( NLPCC 2015 )

Conference of the North 
							American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics ( 
							NAACL 2015 )

28th International FLAIRS 
							Conference

28th International 
							Conference on Industrial, Engineering & Other Applications of Applied 
							Intelligent Systems (IEA/AIE 2015)

Sentiment Elicitation from 
							Natural Text for Information Retrieval and Extraction
						(SENTIRE 2014) 

Conference
							on Empirical Methods on Natural Language 
        Processing (EMNLP 2014)

Sentiment 
							Discovery and Opinion Mining (WISDOM 2014)

25th International Conference 
					on Computational Linguistics (COLING 2014)

International AAAI 
					Conference on Weblogs and Social Media (ICWSM 2014)

Conference of the 
					Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL 2014)

23rd 
					International World Wide Web Conference
					(WWW 2014) 

15th 
					Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational 
					Linguistics (EACL 2014) 			

Sentiment 
									Elicitation from Natural Text for Information Retrieval and Extraction (SENTIRE 
									2013)

Conference
								on 
        Empirical Methods on Natural Language Processing (EMNLP 2013) 

Multidisciplinary Approaches to 
							Big Social Data Analysis (MABSDA 2013) Workshop 
						in WWW2013 

Conference of  the North 
							American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics - Human 
							Language Technologies (NAACL-HLT 2013) 

22nd International World 
						Wide Web Conference (WWW 2013)
				

Sentiment Elicitation from 
							Natural Text for Information Retrieval and Extraction (SENTIRE 2012)  Workshop 
						in ICDM 2012 

Sentiment Discovery and Opinion 
					Mining (WISDOM 2012)  Workshop in KDD 2012


Conference
					on Empirical Methods on 
        Natural Language Processing (EMNLP-CoNLL 2012)

23rd ACM Conference on Hypertext 
					and Social Media (Hypertext 2012)

The European Conference on 
					Machine Learning and Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery (ECML-PKDD 
					2012)

Sentiment 
					Analysis for Asian Languages (SAAL)   Special 
				session in IEA/AIE 2012 

Conference of  the North 
					American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics - Human 
					Language Technologies (NAACL-HLT 2012)

13th Conference of the 
					European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (EACL 
					2012)  

5th International Joint 
					Conference on Natural Language Processing (IJCNLP 2011) 

Sentiment 
					Elicitation from Natural Text for Information Retrieval and Extraction (SENTIRE 
					2011)    Workshop in ICDM 2011

3rd International Workshop 
					on Search and Mining User-generated Contents (SMUC 2011)    Workshop in CIKM 
					2011   
   
    Patent Review 
					Committee Member at Adobe ,   
					2015           
             
					 
		

My Deployed Softwares







WZL-1   an image 
								processing software used in radiographic welding seam inspection system. 
								It was deployed in Wuhan Boiler Company, China. 2004. (core 
								contributor)
								
Firstlink secure videoconferencing system   
								a secure videoconferencing system basd on H.235 protocol. It was developed in 
								Firstlink Digital Technology Co., Ltd, China, 2006. (main contributor) 
								
Opportunity Map  a data 
								mining software used for analyzing large data sets. It was deployed 
								in Motorola Labs, U.S.  2008. (core contributor)
								
Compare Search 
											a development and test 
										platform for product search relevancy algorithms. 
										It was deployed in Sears Holdings, 2012. (core 
										contributor) 

Sammy   
										a sentiment analysis system for social media data. It is deployed in 
										Adobe, 2013. (core contributor)        











My Patents






Performing Sentiment Analysis   US 
											20130103385 A1 ; US 
											20130103386 A1

Determining Sentiments of Social Posts Based on User 
												Feedback    (pending by Adobe) 

Trending Topic Extraction from Social Media in Real Time  
											(pending by Adobe)









 
My Research Programs and  Resources








																Entity Finder
														  a program 
											used to find product entities from product reviews.
											

																	Feature Finder   a 
															program used to find product features/aspects from product reviews.

Opinion Lexicon    a list 
												of opinion-bearing words (adjectives, adverbs , nouns, verbs and phrases) 
												used for opinion mining and sentiment analysis   








 

Recent Awards







Sears Holdings Innovation Project Reward, 2012 

SIGWEB Travel Award, 2011

 Presenter's Travel Award, University of 
														Illinois at Chicago  2010, 2011

 Graduate Student Council Award, University of Illinois at 
														Chicago  2010, 2011 












Links







Courses 
															in Computer Science 

Machine 
															Learning and Statistics Tutorials










Chinese Zodiac (生肖)    The pictures are 
												drawn by my father.






    Mouse 
																	(鼠)                     OX 
																	(牛)                          Tiger 
																	(虎)                         
																	Rabbit(兔) 









My son :-)  





 .  









Useful Websites  






Booked
															:     a hotel online 
															reservation service. It contains many valuable customer reviews 
															for hotels.  





									 Created : September 9, 2010 ;  Last 
									Updated: March 21, 2017















 Opinion Mining, Sentiment Analysis, Opinion Extraction

  Opinion Mining, Sentiment Analysis, and Opinion Spam Detection
  Feature-Based Opinion Mining and Summarization
 (or Aspect-Based Sentiment Analysis and Summarization)
 Detecting Fake Reviews

(Media coverage: The New York Times, The Economist, BusinessWeek and more ... ) 

Opinion Lexicon --------- Datasets --------- Talks --------- Publications

 New Book: 
Sentiment Analysis: mining opinions, sentiments, and emotions. Cambridge University Press, 2015.
 Book:  Sentiment Analysis and Opinion Mining (Introduction and Survey), Morgan & Claypool, May 2012. 
 See "Feature-Based Opinion Mining and Summmarization" in Microsoft Live/Bing Search and Google Product Search (paper).

 Note: I don't know the techniques used by Microsoft Live/Bing (9/28/2007), but Google has a paper. To see the model, please check out (Hu and Liu, KDD-2004) and (Liu et al, WWW-2005) below, or the books above (better). Try search for a camera and click on reviews. You will see summarized user opinions on product features/aspects in a bar chart. 

 NLP Handbook Chapter: Sentiment Analysis and Subjectivity, 2nd Edition, Eds: N. Indurkhya and F.J. Damerau, 2010. 

 Opinion Parser: my sentiment analysis system has been licensed to two companies.  

 The system analyzes sentiments, opinions and emotions, extracts sentiment targets: entities, topics and their aspects/features, and handles comparative sentences. 
 I cannot make the system open-source due to its commercial use. If you want to know how it works, please read my new sentiment analysis book, which gives a lot of details.  




Tutorial: Sentiment Analysis Tutorial - (references), given at AAAI-2011, August 8, 2011 - (Check out the new book)
Interesting Piece from New Republic: 
If you want to be a successful novelist, should you be sentimental in your writing or not?

 Recent Keynote and Invited Talks (not updated) (Older Talks)

Invited Talk. “Sentiment Analysis with Lifelong Learning.” ETS, December 7, 2015. 
Invited Talk. “Sentiment Analysis with Lifelong Learning.” Brigham Young University, December. 3, 2015. 
Keynote speech. “Sentiment Analysis, Lifelong Learning and Intelligent Personal Assistants.” The 2015 Conf. on Technologies and Applications of Artificial Intelligence (TAAI-2015). Taiwan, Nov. 20-22, 2015. 
 Invited talk. “Sentiment analysis and lifelong machine learning.” Frontiers in Computational Mathematics: AMS Central Fall Sectional Meeting, October 2-4, 2015.
 Keynote speech. “The State of Sentiment.” Sentiment Analysis Symposium, New York City, July 15-16, 2015.
 Invited tutorial. "Sentiment analysis: mining opinions, sentiments, and emotions." Sentiment Analysis Symposium, New York City, July 15-16, 2015.
 Keynote speech. “Deception Detection via Pattern Mining of Web Usage Behavior” Workshop on Data mining For Big Data: Applications, Challenges & Perspectives, Morocco, March 25, 2015
 Keynote speech. “Social Media Analysis via Continuous Learning.” Adobe Text Analytics Summit, Feb 26, 2015.

Older Talks

1. Introduction 

This work is in the area of sentiment analysis and opinion mining from social media, e.g., reviews, forum discussions, and blogs. In our KDD-2004 paper, we proposed the Feature-Based Opinion Mining model, 
which is now also called Aspect-Based Opinion Mining 
(as the term feature here can confuse with the term feature used in 
machine learning). The output of such opinion mining is a 
feature-based opinion summary 
or aspect-based opinion summary. The commonly known sentiment classification is a sub-task. Our current work is in two main areas, 
which reflect two kinds of opinions (or evaluations)

 Mining regular (or direct) opinions. Ex: (1). This camera is great. (2). After taking the drug, I got stomach pain.
 Mining comparative opinions. Ex: Coke tastes better than Pepsi.

 Since 2006, we have also worked on 

Fake review and opinion spam detection. Fake reviews are also called bogus reviews or fraudulent reviews. See the papers [WWW-2007, WSDM-2008, CIKM-2010a, CIKM-2010b, WWW-2012]


2. Sentiment Analysis or Mining of Regular Opinions

In this research, we aim to mine and to summarize online opinions in reviews, 
tweets, blogs, forum discussions, etc. Specifically, we mine features or aspects of entities (e.g., products) or topics on which people have expressed their opinions and determine whether the opinions are positive or negative. For opinion summarization, we advocate the quantitative aspect and the target of opinions because 50% of the people say something is bad is not the same as 5% say it is bad. 

 Abstraction of the problem: Feature-based opinion mining and summarization (aspect-based opinion mining and summarization) of multiple reviews (KDD-04 and WWW-05)

Formal definitions can be found in my book "Sentiment Analysis and Opinion Mining". They are based on several of our papers in 2004 and 2005. The abstraction provides a model of online opinions, describes what should be extracted from opinion sources (e.g., reviews, forums, and blogs) and how the results 
may be organized and presented to the user. The main mining tasks are:

 mining entities and their features (or aspects) that have been commented on or evaluated by people,
 determining whether the comment/opinion on each entity feature (or aspect) is positive, negative or neutral (aspect-based sentiment classification), and  
 summarizing the results. 

3. Sentiment Analysis of Comparative Opinions 
A comparative sentence usually expresses an ordering relation between two sets 
of entities with respect to some shared features (or aspects). For example, the 
comparative sentence "Canon's optics are better than those of Sony and 
Nikon" expresses the comparative relation: (better, {optics}, {Canon}, 
{Sony, Nikon}). Comparative sentences use different language constructs 
from typical opinion sentences (e.g., "Cannon's optic is great").

Abstraction of the problem: "which is better than which on what". Again, the formal definitions can be found in my book "Sentiment Analysis and Opinion Mining". The main mining tasks are:


 identify comparative sentences from texts, e.g., reviews, forum or blog postings, and news articles.

 extract comparative relations from the identified comparative sentences. 


Opinion Lexicon (or Sentiment Lexicon)

 Opinion Lexicon: 
A list of English positive and negative opinion words or sentiment words
 (around 6800 words). This list was compiled over many years starting from our first paper (Hu and Liu, KDD-2004). 
 Comparative words: A list of non-standard English compariative words and phrases for sentiment analysis. This list was compiled over many years starting from our first paper (Jindal and Liu, SIGIR-2006)
 Although necessary, having an opinion lexicon is far from sufficient for accurate sentiment analysis. See this paper: Sentiment Analysis and Subjectivity or the Sentiment Analysis book.
 Try Search for the Best Restaurant based on specific aspects, e.g., "best burger," "friendliest service." The system is a demo, which uses the lexicon (also phrases) and grammatical analysis for opinion mining. 


Data Sets

 Annotated: Customer Review Datasets (5 products) associated with the paper (Hu and Liu, KDD-2004). 
 Annotated: Additional Customer Review Datasets (9 products) some used in (Ding, Liu and Yu, WSDM-2008), which improves the lexicon-based method proposed in (Hu and Liu, KDD-2004)
 Annotated: More Customer Review Datasets (3 products) used in (Liu et al., IJCAI-2015)

  Amazon Product Review Data (more than 5.8 million reviews) used in (Jindal and Liu, WWW-2007, WSDM-2008; Lim et al, CIKM-2010; Jindal, Liu and Lim, CIKM-2010; Mukherjee et al. WWW-2011; Mukherjee, Liu and Glance, WWW-2012) for opinion spam (fake review) detection. You can also use it for sentiment analysis. It has information about reviewers, review texts, ratings, 
product info, etc. Due to the large file size, you may need to use Download Accelerator Plus (DAP) to download. If you use this data, please cite (Jindal and Liu, WSDM-2008).
 Pros and cons dataset used in (Ganapathibhotla and Liu, Coling-2008) for determining context (aspect) dependent sentiment words, which are then applied to sentiment analysis of comparative sentiences (comparative sentence dataset). The same form of Pros and Cons data was also used in (Liu, Hu and Cheng, WWW-2005). 
 Comparative sentence dataset used in (Jindal and Liu, SIGIR-06) and (Jindal and Liu, AAAI-2006). Comparative sentence dataset used in (Ganapathibhotla and Liu, Coling-2008). 
 Blog author gender classification data set associated with the paper (Mukherjee and Liu, EMNLP-2010)
  Debate data set  used in (Mukherjee and Liu, ACL-2013; Mukherjee et al. ACL-2013 ). 
  Yelp Filtered Reviews for Opinion spam or fake detection associated with the paper (Mukherjee et al.ICWSM-2013).



Publications - (sentiment analysis)                Publications - (opinion spam or fake review detection)


  Konstantin Bauman, Bing Liu, and Alexander Tuzhlin. Aspect Based Recommendations: Recommending Items with the Most Valuable Aspects Based on User Reviews. To appear in Proceedings of SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD-2017). Halifax, Nova Scotia - Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017

  Hao Zhou, Minlie Huang, Tianyang Zhang, Xiaoyan Zhu, Bing Liu. Emotional Chatting Machine: Emotional Conversation Generation with Internal and External Memory. arXiv:1704.01074 [cs.CL], 2017. This paper has been reported extensively in Tech News Media recently (April and May 2017).

 Lei Shu, Hu Xu, and Bing Liu. Lifelong Learning CRF for Supervised Aspect Extraction. To appear in Proceedings of Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL-2017, short paper), July 30-August 4, 2017, Vancouver, Canada.

 Lei Shu, Bing Liu, Hu Xu, and Annice Kim. Lifelong-RL: Lifelong Relaxation Labeling for Separating Entities and Aspects in Opinion Targets. Proceedings of 2016 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP-2016), November 1–5, 2016, Austin, Texas, USA.

  Shuai Wang, Zhiyuan Chen, and Bing Liu. Mining Aspect-Speciﬁc Opinion using a Holistic Lifelong Topic Model. Proceedings of the International World Wide Web Conference (WWW-2016), April 11-15, 2016, Montreal, Canada. 

  Qian Liu, Bing Liu, Yuanlin Zhang, Doo Soon Kim and Zhiqiang Gao. Improving Opinion Aspect Extraction using Semantic Similarity and Aspect Associations. Proceedings of Thirtieth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-2016), February 12–17, 2016, Phoenix, Arizona, USA.

  Zhiyuan Chen, Nianzu Ma and Bing Liu. Lifelong Learning for Sentiment Classification. Proceedings of the 53st Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL-2015, short paper), 26-31, July 2015, Beijing, China. 

  Qian Liu, Zhiqiang Gao, Bing Liu and Yuanlin Zhang. Automated Rule Selection for Aspect Extraction in Opinion Mining.  Proceedings of International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI-2015), July 25-31, 2015.

  Huayi Li, Arjun Mukherjee, Jianfeng Si and Bing Liu. Extracting Verb Expressions Implying Negative Opinions.  Proceedings of Twenty-Ninth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-15). 2015

  Zhiyuan Chen, Arjun Mukherjee, and Bing Liu. Aspect Extraction with Automated Prior Knowledge Learning. Proceedings of the 52nd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL 2014), June 22-27, Baltimore, USA.

 Qian Liu, Zhiqiang Gao, Bing Liu and Yuanlin Zhang.  A Logic Programming Approach to Aspect Extraction in Opinion Mining. Proceedings of IEEE/WIC/ACM International Confernece on Web Intelligence (WI-2013), 2013. 

  Zhiyuan Chen, Arjun Mukherjee, Bing Liu, Meichun Hsu, Malu Castellanos, and Riddhiman Ghosh. Exploiting Domain Knowledge in Aspect Extraction. Proceedings of Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP-2013), October 18-21, 2013, Seattle, USA. 

  Arjun Mukherjee, Vivek Venkataraman, Bing Liu, and Sharon Meraz. Public Dialogue: Analysis of Tolerance in Online Discussions. Proceedings of The 51st Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL-2013), August 4-9, 2013, Sofia, Bulgaria.

  Arjun Mukherjee, Bing Liu. Discovering User Interactions in Ideological Discussions. Proceedings of The 51st Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL-2013), August 4-9, 2013, Sofia, Bulgaria.

  Jianfeng Si, Arjun Mukherjee, Bing Liu, Qing Li, Huayi Li, and Xiaotie Deng. Exploiting Topic based Twitter Sentiment for Stock Prediction. Proceedings of The 51st Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL-2013, short paper), August 4-9, 2013, Sofia, Bulgaria.

  Zhiyuan Chen, Bing Liu, Meichun Hsu, Malu Castellanos, and Riddhiman Ghosh. Identifying Intention Posts in Discussion Forums. Proceedings of The 2013 Conference of the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Human Language Technologies (NAACL-HLT-2013), June 9-15, 2013, Atlanta, USA.   

  Bing Liu. Sentiment Analysis and Opinion Mining. Morgan & Claypool Publishers, May 2012. 

  Arjun Mukherjee and Bing Liu. Modeling Review Comments. Proceedings of 50th Annual Meeting of Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL-2012), July 8-14, 2012, Jeju, Republic of Korea.  

  Arjun Mukherjee and Bing Liu. Aspect Extraction through Semi-Supervised Modeling. Proceedings of 50th Annual Meeting of Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL-2012), July 8-14, 2012, Jeju, Republic of Korea.  

  Arjun Mukherjee and Bing Liu. Mining Contentions from Discussions and Debates. Proceedings of SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD-2012), Aug. 12-16, 2012, Beijing, China.   

  Lei Zhang, Riddhiman Ghosh, Mohamed Dekhil, Meichun Hsu, Bing Liu. Combining Lexicon-based and Learning-based Methods for Twitter Sentiment Analysis. HP Labs Technical Report, 2011.   

  Lei Zhang and Bing Liu. "Extracting Resource Terms for Sentiment Analysis," Proceedings of the 5th International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing (IJCNLP-2011), November 8-13, 2011, Chiang Mai, Thailand.

 Zhongwu Zhai, Bing Liu, Lei Zhang, Hua Xu, Peifa Jia. Identifying Evaluative Opinions in Online Discussions. Proceedings of AAAI-2011, San Francisco, USA, August 7-11, 2011. 

  Lei Zhang and Bing Liu. "Identifying Noun Product Features that Imply Opinions." ACL-2011 (short paper), Portland, Oregon, USA, June 19-24, 2011. 

 Guang Qiu, Bing Liu, Jiajun Bu and Chun Chen.  "Opinion Word Expansion and Target Extraction through Double Propagation." Computational Linguistics, March 2011, Vol. 37, No. 1: 9.27.  

 Zhongwu Zhai, Bing Liu, Hua Xu, Peifa Jia. "Constrained LDA for Grouping Product Features in Opinion Mining." Proceedings of PAKDD-2011, Shenzhen, China, 2011. (Best Paper Award) 

  Lei Zhang and Bing Liu. "Entity Set Expansion in Opinion Documents." Proceedings of the ACM Conference on Hypertext and Hypermedia (HT-2011), Eindhoven, Netherlands, June 6-9, 2011. 

  Zhongwu Zhai, Bing Liu, Hua Xu and Peifa Jia. "Clustering Product Features for Opinion Mining." Proceedings of Fourth ACM 
International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining (WSDM-2011), 
Feb. 9-12, 2011, Hong Kong, China. 

  Arjun Mukherjee and Bing Liu. "Improving Gender Classification 
of Blog Authors." Proceedings of Conference on Empirical 
Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP-10). Oct. 9-11, 2010, MIT, 
Massachusetts, USA. 

  Xiaowen Ding and Bing Liu. "Resolving Object and Attribute 
Coreference in Opinion Mining."  Proceedings of the 23rd 
International Conference on Computational Linguistics 
(COLING-2010), August 23-27, Beijing, China. 

  Zhongwu Zhai, Bing Liu, Hua Xu and Peifa Jia. 
"Grouping Product Features Using Semi-Supervised Learning with Soft-Constraints"  Proceedings of the 23rd International Conference on Computational Linguistics 
(COLING-2010), August 23-27, Beijing, China. 

  Lei Zhang and Bing Liu.  "Extracting and Ranking Product Features
in Opinion Documents."  Proceedings of the 23rd 
International Conference on Computational Linguistics (COLING-2010), 
August 23-27, Beijing, China. 

 Bing Liu. "Sentiment Analysis: A Multifaceted Problem." Invited paper, IEEE Intelligent Systems, 25(3), 2010, pp. 76-80.
 Bing Liu.  "Sentiment Analysis and Subjectivity." Invited Chapter for the Handbook of Natural Language Processing, Second Edition. March, 2010.

 Ramanathan Narayanan, Bing Liu and Alok Choudhary. "Sentiment Analysis of Conditional Sentences." Proceedings of Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP-09). August 6-7, 2009. Singapore. 

 Guang Qiu, Bing Liu, Jiajun Bu and Chun Chen. "Expanding Domain Sentiment Lexicon through Double Propagation." Proceedings of the 21st International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI-09), Pasadena, California, USA, July 11-17, 2009. 

  Xiaowen Ding, Bing Liu and Lei Zhang. "Entity Discovery and Assignment for Opinion Mining Applications,"  Proceedings of ACM SIGKDD Interntaional Conference on Knowledge Disocvery and Data Mining (KDD-09, industrial track), June 28-July 1, 2009, Paris. 

 Bing Liu. "Opinion Mining." Invited contribution to Encyclopedia of Database Systems, 2008.

Murthy Ganapathibhotla and Bing Liu. "Mining Opinions in Comparative Sentences." Proceedings of the 22nd International Conference on Computational Linguistics (Coling-2008), Manchester, 18-22 August, 2008. 

Xiaowen Ding, Bing Liu and Philip S. Yu. "A Holistic Lexicon-Based Appraoch to Opinion Mining." Proceedings of First ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining (WSDM-2008), Feb 11-12, 2008, Stanford University, Stanford, California, USA. 

Xiaowen Ding and Bing Liu. "The Utility of Linguistic Rules in Opinion Mining." SIGIR-2007 (poster paper), 23-27 July 2007, Amsterdam. 

Nitin Jindal and Bing Liu. "Identifying Comparative Sentences in Text Documents" Proceedings of the 29th Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research & Development on Information Retrieval (SIGIR-06), Seattle 2006.

  Nitin Jindal and Bing Liu. "Mining Comprative Sentences and Relations." Proceedings of 21st National Conference on Artificial Intellgience (AAAI-2006), July 16.20, 2006, Boston, Massachusetts, USA. 

  Bing Liu, Minqing Hu and Junsheng Cheng. "Opinion Observer: Analyzing and Comparing Opinions on the Web"Proceedings of the 14th international World Wide Web conference (WWW-2005), May 10-14, 2005, in Chiba, Japan. 

  Minqing Hu and Bing Liu. "Mining Opinion Features in Customer 
Reviews." Proceedings of Nineteeth National Conference on Artificial Intellgience (AAAI-2004), San Jose, USA, July 2004. 

  Minqing Hu and Bing Liu. "Mining and summarizing customer reviews."
Proceedings of the ACM SIGKDD International Conference on 
Knowledge Discovery & Data Mining (KDD-2004, full paper), Seattle, 
Washington, USA, Aug 22-25, 2004. 




 Publications - (Opinion spam or fake review detection)           (Check out my Opinion Spam Detection project homepage)

 Huayi Li, Geli Fei, Shuai Wang, Bing Liu, Weixiang Shao, Arjun Mukherjee and Jidong Shao. Bimodal Distribution and Co-Bursting in Review Spam Detection. To appear in Proceedings of International World Wide Web Conference (WWW-2017), April 3-7, 2017, Perth, Australia.

  Jing Wang, Clement. T. Yu, Philip S. Yu, Bing Liu, Weiyi Meng. “Diversionary comments under blog posts." Accepted. ACM Transactions on the Web (TWEB), 2015.

 Huayi Li, Zhiyuan Chen, Arjun Mukherjee, Bing Liu and Jidong Shao. "Analyzing and Detecting Opinion Spam on a Large-scale Dataset via Temporal and Spatial Patterns." Short paper at ICWSM-2015, 2015. 

 Huayi Li, Arjun Mukherjee, Bing Liu, Rachel Kornfieldz and Sherry Emery. Detecting Campaign Promoters on Twitter using Markov Random Fields. to appear in Proceedings of IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM-2014),  December 14-17, 2014. 

 Huayi Li, Zhiyuan Chen, Bing Liu, Xiaokai Wei and Jidong Shao. Spotting Fake Reviews via Collective Positive-Unlabeled Learning. to appear in Proceedings of IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM-2014, short paper), December 14-17, 2014. 

  Tieyun Qian, Bing Liu. Identifying Multiple Userids of the Same Author. Proceedings of Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP-2013), October 18-21, 2013, Seattle, USA. 

  Arjun Mukherjee, Abhinav Kumar, Bing Liu, Junhui Wang, Meichun Hsu, Malu Castellanos, and Riddhiman Ghosh. Spotting Opinion Spammers using Behavioral Footprints. Proceedings of SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD-2013), August 11-14 2013 in Chicago, USA.    

  Geli Fei, Arjun Mukherjee, Bing Liu, Meichun Hsu, Malu Castellanos, and Riddhiman Ghosh. Exploiting Burstiness in Reviews for Review Spammer Detection. Proceedings of The International AAAI Conference on Weblogs and Social Media (ICWSM-2013), July 8-10, 2013, Boston, USA.

  Arjun Mukherjee, Vivek Venkataraman, Bing Liu, and Natalie Glance. What Yelp Fake Review Filter Might Be Doing. Proceedings of The International AAAI Conference on Weblogs and Social Media (ICWSM-2013), July 8-10, 2013, Boston, USA.

  Arjun Mukherjee, Bing Liu, and Natalie Glance. 

Spotting Fake Reviewer Groups in Consumer Reviews. International 
World Wide Web Conference (WWW-2012), Lyon, France, April 16-20, 2012. 

  Guan Wang, Sihong Xie, Bing Liu, Philip S. Yu. Identify Online Store Review Spammers via Social Review Graph. ACM Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology, accepted for publication, 2011. 

  Guan Wang, Sihong Xie, Bing Liu, Philip S. Yu. Review Graph based Online Store Review Spammer Detection. ICDM-2011, 2011. 

  Arjun Mukherjee, Bing Liu, Junhui Wang, Natalie Glance, Nitin Jindal. Detecting Group Review Spam. WWW-2011 poster paper, 2011. 

  Ee-Peng Lim, Viet-An Nguyen, Nitin Jindal, Bing Liu and Hady Lauw. 
"Detecting Product Review Spammers using Rating Behaviors."
The 19th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge 
Management (CIKM-2010, full paper), Toronto, Canada, Oct 26 - 30, 2010. 

  Nitin Jindal, Bing Liu and Ee-Peng Lim. "Finding Unusual Review 
Patterns Using Unexpected Rules." The 19th ACM 
International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management 
(CIKM-2010, short paper), Toronto, Canada, Oct 26 - 30, 2010. 

Nitin Jindal and Bing Liu. "Opinion Spam and Analysis." Proceedings of First ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining (WSDM-2008), Feb 11-12, 2008, Stanford University, Stanford, California, USA. 

Nitin Jindal and Bing Liu. "Review Spam Detection." Proceedings of WWW-2007 (poster paper), May 8-12, Banff, Canada. 





 


Created on May 15, 2004 by Bing Liu; and Minqing Hu.






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Liu Lei  - MutualArt















MutualArt




Artists


Auctions


Exhibitions


Analysis




Buy & Sell with Us


Appraisals


Log In
Sign Up

Join MutualArt and gain access to price information & more!


Sign up


Log In






























                                        All
                                    


                                        Artists
                                    


                                        Auctions
                                    


                                        Artwork
                                    


                                        Exhibitions
                                    


                                        Art Fairs
                                    


                                        Venues
                                    


                                        Articles
                                    


                                        Cities
                                    














                                            View all results for ‘’



















                            Liu Lei
                        







                                Liu Lei is a visual artist. Liu Lei has had several gallery and museum exhibitions, including at the ifa gallery, downtown Shanghai. Several works by the artist have been sold at auction, including 'Empty Mountain' sold at Poly International Auction Co. 'Modern & Contemporary Arts I' in 2014 for $5,608.
                            





Follow









Artworks (6)
Auction (6)


















 A Motorcycle 










 Empty Mountain 










 Harley 










 Harley Davidson 










View All Artworks







At auction
 



Recent auction results







                Empty Mountain
            


By Liu Lei 




-14%
below estimate




Poly International Auction Co.








                Q2
            


By Liu Lei 








China Guardian Auctions, Beijing








                Harley
            


By Liu Lei 




-31%
below estimate




Zhong Cheng Auction





View All Results


























Feedback

























Auction Results & Upcoming Art Auctions from Auction Houses Worldwide















MutualArt




Artists


Auctions


Exhibitions


Analysis




Buy & Sell with Us


Appraisals


Log In
Sign Up

Join MutualArt and gain access to price information & more!


Sign up


Log In






























                                        All
                                    


                                        Artists
                                    


                                        Auctions
                                    


                                        Artwork
                                    


                                        Exhibitions
                                    


                                        Art Fairs
                                    


                                        Venues
                                    


                                        Articles
                                    


                                        Cities
                                    














                                            View all results for ‘’


















 Search






A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z








Auctions

Upcoming Auctions
Results 











                            Mid-Summer Estates Auction - Day 2
                        
 
                        Austin Auction Gallery 
                    
  USA|Austin
                    

                        July 23 2017 
                    


 43,425 USD total lots sold





  


            2 Works: Portrait of the actor Ichikawa Ennosuke, in the role of Sambaso & Portrait of the actor Ichikawa Danshiro, in the role of Sanbaso
        


By Natori Shunsen 


+12%



  


            Portrait of a Young Girl
        


By Dirk Van Driest 






  


            2 works: Mercury & Fortuna
        


After Giambologna,  Louis Guillaume Fulconis 


+26%







View all lots
















                            Fine & Decorative Arts & Watches
                        
 
                        Morphy Auctions
                    
  USA|Denver
                    

                        July 22 2017 
                    


 83,626 USD total lots sold





  


            A Young Man in a High Collar
        


Style of John Singer Sargent 


-77%



  


            Portrait of a Young Gentleman
        


Style of John Singer Sargent 


+28%



  


            Confetti Poster
        


By Henri Toulouse-Lautrec 


-69%







View all lots
















                            Antiques, Modern & Fine Art Auction
                        
 
                        Litchfield County Auctions
                    
  USA|Litchfield
                    

                        July 22 2017 
                    


 45,665 USD total lots sold





  


            Comedie Humaine
        


By Pablo Picasso 


-62%



  


            Vollkommene Menschen
        


By George Grosz 






  


            Mustachioed Man w/ Plumed Hat
        


Manner of Rembrandt van Rijn 


+260%







View all lots











Stay up-to-date with MutualArt for Free


                            Get unlimited access to news, exhibitions and auction updates. Personalized email alerts allow you to stay up-to-date with the artists you follow.
                        

Get started











Recently ended auctions



  




 
                    Mid-Summer Estates Auction - Day 2
                

 Austin Auction Gallery  

 
                USA|Austin 
                


 Jul 23 2017

 43,425 USD total lots sold




  




 
                    Antiques, Modern & Fine Art Auction
                

 Litchfield County Auctions 

 
                USA|Litchfield 
                


 Jul 22 2017

 45,665 USD total lots sold




  




 
                    Fine & Decorative Arts & Watches
                

 Morphy Auctions 

 
                USA|Denver 
                


 Jul 22 2017

 83,626 USD total lots sold




  




 
                    Catalog Auction - Day 2
                

 Brunk Auctions 

 
                USA|Asheville 
                


 Jul 22 2017

 321,032 USD total lots sold




  




 
                    Art & Antiques Featuring Asian Arts, Works of Art & Clocks Furniture & Rugs Saleroom Two
                

 Rosebery´s Fine Art Auctioneers 

 
                UK|London 
                


 Jul 22 2017

 931 USD total lots sold




  




 
                    Mid-Summer Estates Auction - Day 1
                

 Austin Auction Gallery  

 
                USA|Austin 
                


 Jul 22 2017

 600 USD total lots sold




  




 
                    Estates Auction
                

 New Orleans Auction Galleries 

 
                USA|New Orleans 
                


 Jul 22 2017

 405,819 USD total lots sold




  




 
                    Art & Antiques featuring Ceramics, Jewellery, Silver, Pictures and Books Saleroom One
                

 Rosebery´s Fine Art Auctioneers 

 
                UK|London 
                


 Jul 22 2017

 27,430 USD total lots sold




  




 
                    No. 48 Auction
                

 Ise Art Co. Ltd. 

 
                Japan|Tokyo|Minato-ku 
                


 Jul 22 2017

 1,128,073 USD total lots sold




  




 
                    Style + Design
                

 Charlton Hall Galleries 

 
                USA|Columbia 
                


 Jul 21 2017

 3,775 USD total lots sold




  




 
                    Catalog Auction - Day 1
                

 Brunk Auctions 

 
                USA|Asheville 
                


 Jul 21 2017

 27,742 USD total lots sold




  




 
                    The Art of Gil Elvgren
                

 Wright 

 
                USA|Chicago|Wicker Park 
                


 Jul 20 2017

 165,000 USD total lots sold












Notable lots sold
Some of the highest sale prices at auction  




  


            Isabella and the Pot of Basil
        


By John William Waterhouse 


-8%
(1,496,506 USD)

 Christie's King Street 


  


            LADY LILITH
        


By Dante Gabriel Rossetti 


+36%
(880,507 USD)

 Sotheby's London 


  


            At Prayer
        


By Ludwig Deutsch 


+20%
(782,529 USD)

 Christie's King Street 





































MutualArt - Auctions, Exhibitions and Analysis for over 300,000 artists















MutualArt




Artists


Auctions


Exhibitions


Analysis




Buy & Sell with Us


Appraisals


Log In
Sign Up

Join MutualArt and gain access to price information & more!


Sign up


Log In






























                                        All
                                    


                                        Artists
                                    


                                        Auctions
                                    


                                        Artwork
                                    


                                        Exhibitions
                                    


                                        Art Fairs
                                    


                                        Venues
                                    


                                        Articles
                                    


                                        Cities
                                    














                                            View all results for ‘’















Love Art? The feeling is Mutual




 Search






A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z



 BAAK Je, Petitio Principii 001, 2012 




News, auctions and exhibitions - Your personal art source








  



                    David Shrigley
                

Follow





  



                    Jane & Louise Wilson
                

Follow





  



                    Mike Bouchet
                

Follow





  



                    Jean Michel Basquiat
                

Follow





  



                    Liam Gillick
                

Follow









Join more than 500,000 art lovers already enjoying MutualArt


Get unlimited access to news, exhibitions and auction updates. Personalized email alerts allow you to stay up-to-date with the artists you follow.


GET STARTED



 





Featured auction results








                Andromède
            


By Auguste Rodin 




+257%
above estimate




Artcurial Briest-Poulain-F. Tajan








                Last Warrior / The Unknown Soldier
            


By Yoshitomo Nara 




-14%
below estimate




Phillips Hong Kong








                Magnificence of the Mountains
            


By Zhang Da Qian 




+3%
above estimate




Christie's Hong Kong











Exhibitions near you



Today






Tomorrow






next week















Latest news from the art world










Art Market Focus: June's Record-Breaking London Sales 
14 July, 2017

We share key findings from this year's June's Impressionist and Modern and Contemporary Art sales in London















Dusseldorf museum pulls painting from show after Nazi loot claim











Why Mid-Tier Galleries Leave New York











Armory Week 2018 Fairs to Be Split Between Two Weeks: ADAA Art Show in February, Armory, Independent, NADA in March











Glafira Rosales Ordered to Pay $81 Million to Victims of the Knoedler Art-Fraud Scheme








VIEW ALL ARTICLES






























MutualArt - Auctions, Exhibitions and Analysis for over 300,000 artists















MutualArt




Artists


Auctions


Exhibitions


Analysis




Buy & Sell with Us


Appraisals


Log In
Sign Up

Join MutualArt and gain access to price information & more!


Sign up


Log In






























                                        All
                                    


                                        Artists
                                    


                                        Auctions
                                    


                                        Artwork
                                    


                                        Exhibitions
                                    


                                        Art Fairs
                                    


                                        Venues
                                    


                                        Articles
                                    


                                        Cities
                                    














                                            View all results for ‘’















Love Art? The feeling is Mutual




 Search






A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z



 BAAK Je, Petitio Principii 001, 2012 




News, auctions and exhibitions - Your personal art source








  



                    David Shrigley
                

Follow





  



                    Jane & Louise Wilson
                

Follow





  



                    Mike Bouchet
                

Follow





  



                    Jean Michel Basquiat
                

Follow





  



                    Liam Gillick
                

Follow









Join more than 500,000 art lovers already enjoying MutualArt


Get unlimited access to news, exhibitions and auction updates. Personalized email alerts allow you to stay up-to-date with the artists you follow.


GET STARTED



 





Featured auction results








                Andromède
            


By Auguste Rodin 




+257%
above estimate




Artcurial Briest-Poulain-F. Tajan








                Last Warrior / The Unknown Soldier
            


By Yoshitomo Nara 




-14%
below estimate




Phillips Hong Kong








                Magnificence of the Mountains
            


By Zhang Da Qian 




+3%
above estimate




Christie's Hong Kong











Exhibitions near you



Today






Tomorrow






next week















Latest news from the art world










Art Market Focus: June's Record-Breaking London Sales 
14 July, 2017

We share key findings from this year's June's Impressionist and Modern and Contemporary Art sales in London















Dusseldorf museum pulls painting from show after Nazi loot claim











Why Mid-Tier Galleries Leave New York











Armory Week 2018 Fairs to Be Split Between Two Weeks: ADAA Art Show in February, Armory, Independent, NADA in March











Glafira Rosales Ordered to Pay $81 Million to Victims of the Knoedler Art-Fraud Scheme








VIEW ALL ARTICLES

















