LIXIVIA-INC.COM

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












LIXIVIA-INC.COM










 











LIXIVIANT FOR RARE EARTH PRODUCTION - Lixivia, Inc.






























Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 



















Title:


                                    LIXIVIANT FOR RARE EARTH PRODUCTION                                




Document Type and Number:

                                United States Patent Application 20170166994                            
Kind Code:
                            

                                A1                            







Abstract:

            Hydrometallurgical compositions are described in which organic amine-based lixiviants and organic amine-based pre-lixiviants are utilized in the selective recovery of rare earth elements. The lixiviant species can be regenerated in situ, permitting the organic amine to be used in substoichiometric amounts.         










 





Inventors:

                            Wystra, Michael D. (Santa Barbara, CA, US)                
                            Komon, Zachary J. A. (San Diego, CA, US)                




Application Number:

            15/357865        



Publication Date:

            06/15/2017        



Filing Date:

            11/21/2016        



View Patent Images:

Download PDF 20170166994                 
                  PDF help




Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            Lixivia, Inc. (Santa Barbara, CA, US)                






International Classes:

C22B3/16; C07C215/08; C22B59/00 












Claims:

            What is claimed is:
                1.  A lixiviant mixture for extracting rare earth elements from a raw material, comprising: an organic amine cation; and, a counterion; wherein the organic amine cation is formulated to transfer the counterion to an insoluble rare earth salt content of the raw material to form an uncharged organic amine, and wherein uncharged organic amine is formulated to react with an acid form of the counterion to regenerate the organic amine cation, wherein the organic amine cation is present in the mixture in sub-stoichiometric amounts relative to the insoluble rare earth salt content of the raw material.                    
                    2.  The lixiviant of claim 1, wherein the organic amine has a vapor pressure less than 1% that of ammonia.                    
                    3.  The lixiviant mixture of claim 1, wherein the organic amine has a vapor pressure less than 0.1% that of ammonia.                    
                    4.  The lixiviant mixture of claim 1, wherein the organic amine has a pKa of 8 to 14.                    
                    5.  The lixiviant mixture of claim 1, wherein the organic amine cation is obtained from a biological source.                    
                    6.  The lixiviant mixture of claim 1, wherein the counterion has a pKa of 1 to 6.                    
                    7.  A pre-lixiviant mixture for extracting rare earth elements, comprising: an uncharged organic amine; and a raw material comprising an insoluble salt of a rare earth element, wherein the uncharged organic amine cation is present in the pre-lixiviant mixture in sub-stoichiometric amounts relative to an insoluble rare earth salt content of the raw material, and wherein the uncharged organic amine is effective in solubilizing the insoluble rare earth salt content of the raw material when exposed to a weak acid.                    
                    8.  The pre-lixiviant mixture of claim 7, wherein the uncharged organic amine has a vapor pressure less than 1% that of ammonia.                    
                    9.  The pre-lixiviant mixture of claim 7, wherein the uncharged organic amine has a vapor pressure less than 0.1% that of ammonia.                    
                    10.  The pre-lixiviant mixture of claim 7, wherein the uncharged organic amine has a pKa of 8 to 14.                    
                    11.  The pre-lixiviant mixture of claim 7, wherein the uncharged organic amine is obtained from a biological source.                    
                    12.  The pre-lixiviant mixture of claim 7, wherein the weak acid has a pKa of 1 to 6.                    




Description:

This application is a division of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 14/096,129, filed Dec. 4, 2013, and claims priority to U.S. Provisional Application No. 61/797,355 filed on Dec. 4, 2012. These and all other referenced extrinsic materials are incorporated herein by reference in their entirety. Where a definition or use of a term in a reference that is incorporated by reference is inconsistent or contrary to the definition of that term provided herein, the definition of that term provided herein is deemed to be controlling.FIELD OF THE INVENTIONThe field of the invention is hydrometallurgy, particularly as it is related to the extraction or recovery of rare earth elements or lanthanides.BACKGROUNDRare earth elements, also known as the lanthanide family of elements, are commercially valuable metals that are generally present in low abundance in commercially accessible ores, and often are often found with undesirable contaminating elements (for example, thorium). In a typical process for isolation of a member of the lanthanide family, hot sodium hydroxide at high concentrations is used to generate soluble lanthanide hydroxide and thorium hydroxide from ore. The mixture of hydroxides is then treated with hydrochloric acid to generate lanthanide chlorides, which are soluble and remain in solution, and a sludge of thorium hydroxide (which has reduced solubility at the altered pH). Unfortunately, this process can leave significant amounts of thorium in solution following acid treatment. Since this element is radioactive significant further refinement steps are necessary to assure its removal, adding significantly to processing costs. In addition, the use of a strong base at an elevated temperature both presents a hazard to workers and requires the use of specialized equipment. Thus there is a pressing need for efficient, effective, and scalable methods for the isolation of rare earth elements at high purity.Numerous approaches have been devised to attempt to address these issues. Hydrometallurgy, or the extraction of metals from ores through treatment with lixiviant solutions (i.e. lixiviants) is one approach that has been used successfully for the isolation of metals from a variety of minerals and other sources. In typical hydrometallurgical processes ore is crushed or pulverized to increase surface area prior to exposure to a lixiviant, which contains compounds that render the metal soluble in the solution and leave behind undesirable contaminants. Following collection of the solution the metal can be recovered from the solution by various means, such as by electrodeposition or by precipitation from the solution. Commercial development of hydrometallurgical processes, however, is often hindered by the expenses involved in production and use of the lixiviant, efficient recovery of the desired metal, and difficulties in adapting current commercial plants.In an approach disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 5,939,034 (to Virnig and Michael), metals are solubilized in an aqueous lixiviant containing ammoniacal thiosulfate and extracted into an immiscible organic phase containing guanidyl or quaternary amine compounds. Metals are then recovered from the organic phase by electroplating. A similar approach is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 6,951,960 (to Perraud) in which metals are extracted from an aqueous phase into an organic phase that contains an amine chloride. The organic phase is then contacted with a chloride-free aqueous phase that extracts metal chlorides from the organic phase. Amines are then regenerated in the organic phase by exposure to aqueous hydrochloric acid. Such approaches, however, are hindered by the use of volatile amines in the lixiviant, and necessarily involve the use of expensive and potentially toxic organic solvents.In a related approach, European Patent Application No. EP1309392 (to Kocherginsky and Grischenko) discloses a membrane-based method in which copper is initially complexed with ammonia or organic amines. The copper:ammonia complexes are captured in an organic phase contained within the pores of a porous membrane, and the copper is transferred to an extracting agent held on the opposing side of the membrane. While such an approach minimizes the use of organic solvent, it requires the use of complex equipment that is not readily adaptable to current processing facilities. In addition, the capacity of such a process is necessarily limited by the available surface area of the membrane.Kodama et al. (Energy 33(2008), 776-784) disclose a method for CO2 capture using calcium silicate (2CaO.SiO2) and a solution of ammonium chloride (NH4Cl). This reaction forms soluble calcium chloride (CaCl2), which is reacted with carbon dioxide (CO2) under alkaline conditions to form insoluble calcium carbonate (CaCO3) that captures CO2 while releasing chloride ions (Cl—). Japanese Patent Application No. 2005097072 (to Katsunori and Tateaki) discloses a similar method for CO2 capture, in which ammonium chloride (NH4Cl) is dissociated into ammonia gas (NH3) and hydrochloric acid (HCl), the HCl being utilized to generate calcium chloride (CaCl2) that is mixed with ammonium hydroxide (NH4OH) for CO2 capture. Kodama et al. and Katsunori and Tateaki, however, fail to recognize hydrometallurgical applications of such reactions, and rare earth elements are not considered. In addition, the loss of highly volatile ammonia during processing results in both inefficiencies and the need for specialized equipment to reduce environmental impact.International Application WO 2012/055750 (to Tavakkoli et al.) discloses a method for purifying calcium carbonate (CaCO3), in which CaCO3 from high content sources is converted to calcium oxide (CaO) by calcination. The resulting CaO is treated with an ammonium chloride (NH4Cl) solution to produce calcium chloride (CaCl2), which is subsequently reacted with high purity carbon dioxide (CO2) to produce CaCO3 and NH4Cl. High purity CaCO3 is subsequently recovered from the solution by crystallization using seed crystals. Tavakkoli et al., however, does not consider rare earth elements, and it is not clear if such an approach can be used with low content or highly contaminated starting materials. In addition, utilization on a large scale would require capturing or containing the highly volatile ammonia gas that results from such a process.All publications identified herein are incorporated by reference to the same extent as if each individual publication or patent application were specifically and individually indicated to be incorporated by reference. Where a definition or use of a term in an incorporated reference is inconsistent or contrary to the definition of that term provided herein, the definition of that term provided herein applies and the definition of that term in the reference does not apply.Thus, there is still a need for scalable hydrometallurgical methods that provides simple and economical isolation of rare earth elements.SUMMARY OF THE INVENTIONThe inventive subject matter provides apparatus, systems and methods in which hydrometallurgical processes utilizing lixiviants that contain organic amine cation/counterion anion complexes are used to recover rare earth elements. The organic amine component of the lixiviant is selected to provide selective solubilization of salts of rare earth elements. The organic amine cation/counterion anion complex transfers counterions to rare earth hydroxides, generating soluble rare earth/counterion complexes and uncharged organic amines. The organic amine cation/counterion anion complex is regenerated by the addition of an acid, permitting the organic amine to act as a pseudocatalyst that can be used in substoichiometric amounts.One embodiment of the inventive concept is a lixiviant mixture that includes an organic amine cation that can act as a lixiviant for the rare earth element content of a raw material, which is used in combination with a counterion. The lixiviant species is present in the mixture in sub-stoichiometric amounts relative to the rare earth element content of the raw material being treated. Such an organic amine can have low vapor pressure (e.g. less than 1% or less than 0.1%) relative to that of ammonia, and can be derived from an organic or biological source. In some embodiments the organic amine has a pKa of from 8 to 14, and the counterion can have a pKa of from 1 to 6.Another embodiment of the inventive concept is a pre-lixiviant mixture that includes a raw material containing an insoluble rare earth salt and an uncharged organic amine. The uncharged organic amine does not act as a lixiviant for the rare earth element content of the raw material, but can form a lixiviant cationic species on exposure to a weak acid. The uncharged organic amine is present in the mixture in sub-stoichiometric amounts relative to the rare earth element content of the raw material to be treated. Such an uncharged organic amine can have low vapor pressure (e.g. less than 1% or less than 0.1%) relative to that of ammonia, and can be derived from an organic or biological source. In some embodiments the uncharged organic amine has a pKa of from 8 to 14, and the weak acid can have a pKa of from 1 to 6.Various objects, features, aspects and advantages of the inventive subject matter will become more apparent from the following detailed description of preferred embodiments, along with the accompanying drawing figures in which like numerals represent like components.BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGSFIG. 1 depicts an example of a method of the inventive concept in which cerium is recovered from a thorium contaminated sample, using an organic amine chloride lixiviant that is regenerated. Individual steps of the exemplary method are designated A, B, C, D, E, and F within the figure.FIG. 2 schematically depicts a method of the inventive concept, in which a rare earth elements is recovered from an ore using a lixiviant, which is regenerated.FIG. 3 schematically depicts another method of the inventive concept, in which different rare earth elements are recovered in a stepwise fashion.FIG. 4 schematically depicts an alternative embodiment of the inventive concept, in which different rare earth elements are recovered in a stepwise manner.DETAILED DESCRIPTIONThroughout the following discussion, numerous references will be made regarding lixiviants. A lixiviant should be understood to be a chemical entity that has the ability to selectively extract metals or metal ions from inorganic or organic solids in an aqueous or other solvent mixture. Within the context of this patent the term organic amine encompasses ammonia and ammonia derivatives in addition to nitrogen containing organic compounds.Hydrometallurgical methods, such as leaching, have long been used to recover commercially valuable metals from low yield sources, such as mine tailings. Inventors have discovered a hydrometallurgical method for the recovery of rare earth elements (i.e. rare earth metals), such as members of the lanthanide family, through the use of lixiviants that include organic amines. In addition inventors have determined that such organic amine-based lixiviants can be regenerated during and/or after processing, permitting the organic amines to act in a pseudocatalytic manner. This pseudocatalytic behavior allows the organic amines to be applied in substoichiometric amounts. In addition, the selectivity of certain organic amines can permit stepwise isolation of different rare earth elements from the same sample.In some embodiments, the numbers expressing quantities of ingredients, properties such as concentration, reaction conditions, and so forth, used to describe and claim certain embodiments of the invention are to be understood as being modified in some instances by the term “about.” Accordingly, in some embodiments, the numerical parameters set forth in the written description and attached claims are approximations that can vary depending upon the desired properties sought to be obtained by a particular embodiment. In some embodiments, the numerical parameters should be construed in light of the number of reported significant digits and by applying ordinary rounding techniques. Notwithstanding that the numerical ranges and parameters setting forth the broad scope of some embodiments of the invention are approximations, the numerical values set forth in the specific examples are reported as precisely as practicable. The numerical values presented in some embodiments of the invention may contain certain errors necessarily resulting from the standard deviation found in their respective testing measurements.As used in the description herein and throughout the claims that follow, the meaning of “a,” “an,” and “the” includes plural reference unless the context clearly dictates otherwise. Also, as used in the description herein, the meaning of “in” includes “in” and “on” unless the context clearly dictates otherwise.The recitation of ranges of values herein is merely intended to serve as a shorthand method of referring individually to each separate value falling within the range. Unless otherwise indicated herein, each individual value with a range is incorporated into the specification as if it were individually recited herein. Unless the context dictates the contrary, all ranges set forth herein should be interpreted as being inclusive of their endpoints and open-ended ranges should be interpreted to include only commercially practical values. Similarly, all lists of values should be considered as inclusive of intermediate values unless the context indicates the contrary. All methods described herein can be performed in any suitable order unless otherwise indicated herein or otherwise clearly contradicted by context. The use of any and all examples, or exemplary language (e.g. “such as”) provided with respect to certain embodiments herein is intended merely to better illuminate the invention and does not pose a limitation on the scope of the invention otherwise claimed. No language in the specification should be construed as indicating any non-claimed element essential to the practice of the invention.The following discussion provides many exemplary embodiments of the inventive subject matter. Although each embodiment represents a single combination of inventive elements, the inventive subject matter is considered to include all possible combinations of the disclosed elements. Thus if one embodiment comprises elements A, B, and C, and a second embodiment comprises elements B and D, then the inventive subject matter is also considered to include other remaining combinations of A, B, C, or D, even if not explicitly disclosed. Groupings of alternative elements or embodiments of the invention disclosed herein are not to be construed as limitations. Each group member can be referred to and claimed individually or in any combination with other members of the group or other elements found herein. One or more members of a group can be included in, or deleted from, a group for reasons of convenience and/or patentability. When any such inclusion or deletion occurs, the specification is herein deemed to contain the group as modified thus fulfilling the written description of all Markush groups used in the appended claims.Embodiments of the inventive process can include at least one compound of the general composition depicted in Compound 1 for use with any source of material that contains one or more a form(s) of a lanthanide hydroxide forming species, that can be hydrated to form Ln(OH)x or other hydrated species that would react with lixiviants of the form found in Compound 1. Such hydrated forms may be present in the material as it is obtained from nature or can be introduced by processing (for example through treatment with a base or by oxidation), and can be stable or transient. Selective extraction of the desired lanthanide can be based on the presence of a metal hydroxide that has a stronger basicity than the organic amine-based lixiviants used in the extraction process. In addition, an organic amine based lixiviant and counterion can be selected that permit use of the organic amine in substoichiometric amounts (i.e. as a pseudocatalyst).Organic amines of the inventive concept have the general formula shown in Compound 1, where N is nitrogen, H is hydrogen, and X is a counterion (i.e. a counter anion). Ny,R1,R2,R3,H—Xz Compound 1Suitable counterions can have a pKa ranging from about 1 to about 7, and can be any form or combination of atoms or molecules that produce the effect of a negative charge. Counterions can halides (for example fluoride, chloride, bromide, and iodide), anions derived from mineral acids (for example nitrate, phosphate, bisulfate, sulfate, silicates, carbonate , and bicarbonate), cations derived from organic acids (for example carboxylate citrate, malate, acetate, thioacetate, propionate and, lactate), organic molecules or biomolecules (for example acidic proteins or peptides, amino acids, nucleic acids, and fatty acids), and others (for example zwitterions and basic synthetic polymers). For example, ammonium chloride (NH4Cl) conforms to Compound 1 where there is one nitrogen (N1), R1, R2, and R3 are hydrogen, and there is one counter anion (X1), which is chloride (Cl—). Compounds having the general formula shown in Compound 1 can have a wide range of acidities, and an organic amine of the inventive concept can be selected on the basis of its acidity so that it can selectively react with one or more rare earth metal salts or oxides from a sample containing a mixture of rare earth metal salts or oxides. Such a compound, when dissolved in water or another suitable solvent, can (for example) effectively extract the rare earth element cerium presented in the form cerium hydroxide in a suitable sample (e.g. alkaline opened monazite). Equation 1 depicts a primary chemical reaction in extracting an insoluble lanthanide salt (in this instance a hydroxide salt) from a matrix using an organic amine cation (OA-H+)/counterion (CI−) complex (OA-H+/CI−) as a lixiviant. Note that the OA-H+/CI− complex dissociates in water into OA-H+and CI−. Ln(OH)3(solid)+3 OA-H+(aq)+3 Cl-(aq)4 LnCI3(aq)+3 OA (aq)+3 H2O Equation 1 The counterion (CI−) is transferred from the organic amine cation (OA-H+) to the lanthanide salt to form a soluble lanthanide/counterion complex (LnCI3), an uncharged organic amine (OA), and water. Once solubilized the lanthanide/counterion complex can be recovered from solution by any suitable means. For example, addition of a base that reacts with the lanthanide/counterion complex to form an insoluble lanthanide salt can be used to precipitate the extracted lanthanide from supernatant following removal of unreacted material. Alternatively, pH changes, temperature changes, or evaporation can be used to precipitate the solubilized lanthanide. In other embodiments, the lanthanide could be recovered by electrodeposition processes, such as electrowinning or electrorefining. In still other embodiments of the inventive concept the solubilized lanthanide can be recovered by ion exchange, for example using a fixed bed reactor or a fluidized bed reactor with appropriate media. It should be appreciated that the process of recovering the lanthanide can be selective, and that such selectivity can be utilized in the recovery of multiple lanthanides as described below.The organic amine cation/counterion complex can be produced from the uncharged organic amine to regenerate the OA-H+/CI− lixiviant, for example using an acid form of the counterion (H—CI), as shown in Equation 2. OA(aq)+H—CI(aq)4 OA-H+(aq)+CI− Equation 2 In a preferred embodiment of the inventive concept the reaction described in Equation 2 can occur in parallel with the reaction described in Equation 1, for example by the addition of an acid form of the counterion (HCl) during the period in which the lixiviant is in contact with the sample.It should be appreciated that an important feature of this process is the ability to exploit “chemical gain” through the regeneration of the lixiviant, in which the organic amine acts as a pseudocatalyst. This permits the use of substantially less than stoichiometric amounts of the lixiviant to recover all of the extractable active metal species as a soluble salt. Although it is not necessary to use less than the stoichiometric amount of lixiviant, doing so has the technical effects of reducing the environmental impact of such processes and of substantially reducing expense.Organic amines suitable for the extraction of of rare earth elements (for example from the ores monazite, bastnasite, xenotime and other materials) can have a pKa of about 7 to about 14, and can include protonated ammonium salts (i.e. not quaternary). Suitable organic amines can include ammonia, nitrogen containing organic compounds (for example monoethanolamine, diethanolamine, triethanolamine, morpholine, ethylene diamine, diethylenetriamine, triethylenetetramine, methylamine, ethylamine, propylamine, dipropylamines, butylamines, diaminopropane, triethylamine, dimethylamine, and trimethylamine), low molecular weight biological molecules (for example glucosamine, amino sugars, tetraethylenepentamine, amino acids, polyethyleneimine, spermidine, spermine, putrecine, cadaverine, hexamethylenediamine, tetraethylmethylenediamine, polyethyleneamine, cathine, isopropylamine, and a cationic lipid), biomolecule polymers (for example chitosan, polylysine, polyornithine, polyarginine, a cationic protein or peptide), and others (for example a dendritic polyamine, a polycationic polymeric or oligomeric material, and a cationic lipid-like material), or combinations of these. Such organic amines can range in purity from about 50% to about 100%. For example, an organic amine of the inventive concept can have a purity of about 50%, about 55%, about 60%, about 65%, about 70%, about 75%, about 80%, about 85%, about 90%, about 95%, about 97%, about 99%, or about 100%. In a preferred embodiment of the inventive concept the organic amine is supplied at a purity of about 90% to about 100%. It should be appreciated that such organic amines can differ in their ability to interact with different members of the lanthanide family and with contaminating species, and that such selectivity can be utilized in the recovery of multiple lanthanides as described below.Inventors further contemplate that zwitterionic species can be suitable lixiviants, and note that such zwitterionic species can form cation/counterion pairs with two members of the same or of different molecular species. Examples include amine containing acids (for example amino acids and 3-aminopropanoic acid), chelating agents (for example ethylenediaminetatraacetic acid and salts thereof, ethylene glycol tetraacetic acid and salts thereof, diethylene triamine pentaacetic acid and salts thereof, and 1,2-bis(o-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N′,N′-tetraacetic acid and salts thereof), and others (for example betaines, ylides, and polyaminocarboxylic acids).It is notable that the use of biologically derived organic amines is a sustainable practice, and has the beneficial effect of making this process more environmentally sound. In addition, it should be appreciated that some organic amines, such as monoethanolamine, have a reduced tendency to volatilize during processing than other organic amines, such as ammonia. In some embodiments of the inventive concept an organic amine can be a low volatility organic amine (i.e. having a vapor pressure less than or equal to about 1% that of ammonia under process conditions). In other embodiments of the inventive concept an organic amine can be a non-volatile organic amine (i.e. having a vapor pressure less than or equal to about 0.1% that of ammonia under process conditions). Capture and control of such low volatility and non-volatile organic amines requires relatively little energy and can utilize simple equipment. This reduces the likelihood of such low volatility and non-volatile organic amines escaping into the atmosphere and advantageously reduces the environmental impact of their use.An example of an application of the inventive concept is in the isolation of insoluble cerium hydroxide from a monzanite ore that also includes an undesirable thorium impurity, using an ammonium chloride lixiviant. Equation 3 represents a reaction that takes place on contacting a monzanite process mud with an ammonium chloride lixiviant. Ce(OH)3(solid)+3 NH4+(aq)+3 Cl-(aq)4 CeCl3(aq)+3 NH3(aq)+3 H2O Equation 3 Cerium is extracted from the ore as soluble cerium chloride (CeCl3), with the generation of uncharged ammonia (NH3) and water. The lixiviant is regenerated through the addition of hydrochloric acid (HCl), as shown in Equation 4. NH3(aq)+H+(aq)+Cl-(aq)4 NH4+(aq)+Cl-(aq) Equation 4 Advantageously, lixiviant can be regenerated during the extraction process by the addition of HCl. In such a process production of cerium chloride is controlled by the amount of lixiviant present relative to the amount of extractable metal ions, and the rate at which hydrochloric acid is added to the system. It should be appreciated that in such a process either the organic amine cation (ammonium salt) or the unprotonated organic amine (ammonia) can be used initially. Subsequently once the lixiviant has transferred its anion, fresh acid can be added to support the protonation of the organic amine so that further metal salt can be extracted. Since the protonation of the organic amine occurs in the solution phase, the reaction rate is much greater than direct contact of acid with solid metal oxide/hydroxide. The regenerated lixiviant can then undergo selective reaction with rare earth hydroxides according to Equation 3. In such a process cerium salts can be selectively extracted from process muds in a continuous manner via the reactions in Equation 3 and Equation 4 until all the cerium hydroxide is consumed or the addition of acid is ceased. The extent of reaction can be characterized conveniently by monitoring the pH of the reacting solution. Since thorium hydroxide in the process mud is not sufficiently basic to react with the lixiviant, the cerium hydroxide reacts preferentially and is extracted selectively by the lixiviant. As a result the thorium remains behind in the process mud.It should be appreciated that systems, methods, and compositions of the inventive concept can also be used to selectively extract and/or refine a desired rare earth element (such as cerium) from an ore containing other contaminants, for example other rare earth elements. By using the lixiviants described herein, one skilled in the art can exploit the varying degrees of basicity associated with each rare earth element, and choose a lixiviant of corresponding acidity to achieve selective extraction.It should be noted that the lixiviant allows for the selective extraction of cerium hydroxide in this example because it does not react with other metals or metal oxides/hydroxides of lower basicity that are found in the processing muds and solutions. For example zero valency metals (MO) are not reactive with the lixiviant, as shown in Equation 5). MO(s)+NH4+(aq) 4 NO REACTION Equation 5 This selectivity is in contrast with prior art methods that do not utilize a lixiviant of the inventive concept, where acid will react nonselectively with zero valency metals (Equation 6), cerium hydroxide (Equation 7), and other potential metal oxides/hydroxides, for example thorium oxide (Equation 8). 2M0(s)+6H+(aq)→2M3+(aq)+3H2(g) Equation 6  Ce(OH)3(s)+3H+(aq)→Ce3+(aq)+3H2O Equation 7  ThO2(s)+4H+(aq)→Th4+(aq)+2H2O Equation 8 The use of the lixiviant in this pseudo-catalytic manner, acts as a proton shuttle allowing for the selective reaction with, in this example but not limited to, cerium hydroxide.The soluble cerium salt, for example cerium chloride from Equation 3, and the soluble ammonia from Equation 3 (or soluble ammonium ion if the reaction is metal oxide/hydroxide limited) can easily be separated from the insoluble solid residue. Once separated, the soluble aqueous fraction can be used as-is if the target process can tolerate the small quantity of ammonia or ammonium chloride as a contaminant. Alternatively, the solution can be further processed as needed.As noted above, in some instances the use of a low volatility and/or non-volatile lixiviant is desirable. An example of such a process of the inventive concept is the extraction of cerium (Ce) from an ore using a non-volatile organic amine, such as monoethanolamine hydrochloride, as shown in steps A to F of FIG. 1. As shown instep A of FIG. 1, a tank 100 or other suitable arrangement includes an aqueous solution of an organic amine 110 (in this instance monoethanolamine) and a mud or slurry 120 containing cerium hydroxide (Ce(OH)3), thorium oxide (ThO2) and thorium hydroxide (Th(OH)4). The extraction process can be initiated as shown in step B of FIG. 1 by the addition of an acid form of a counterion 130, in this instance hydrochloric acid (HCl), which generates an organic acid cation/counterion pair 140 (in this instance monoethanolamine hydrochloride (MEA+/Cl—)). Monoethanolamine hydrochloride (MEA.HCl, HOC2H4NH3Cl) conforms to Compound 1 as follows: one nitrogen atom (N1) is bound to one carbon atom (R1=C2H5O) and 3 hydrogen atoms (R2, R3 and H), and there is one chloride counteranion (X1=Cl—). As shown in step C of FIG. 1 this compound, when dissolved in water or another suitable solvent, can enter or mix with the mud/slurry and, as shown in step D of FIG. 1, effectively extract a rare earth hydroxide, for example cerium hydroxide (Ce(OH)3), by the formation of a soluble rare earth cation/counterion pair 150 (in this instance, cerium chloride (Ce(Cl)3)). Equation 9 depicts a critical chemical reaction in such an extraction (in this case cerium, from an alkaline opened mined ore source with significant thorium content). Note that MEA.HCl dissociates in water into monoethanolammonium cation (HOC2H4NH3+(MEAH+)) and chloride anion (Cl—). Ce(OH)3(s)+3 HOC2H4NH3+(aq)+3 Cl-(aq)→CeCl3(aq)+3 HOC2H4NH2 (aq)+3 H2O(1) Equation 9 As illustrated in step D of FIG. 1, this process also generates an uncharged organic amine 160, in this instance monoethylamine (MEA). The organic amine cation/counterion pair 180 can be regenerated, as shown in step E of FIG. 1, from the reaction products of equation 9 by the addition of the corresponding acid 170 (in this instance HCl), as shown in Equation 10. HOC2H4NH2 (aq)+HCl(aq)→HOC2H4NH3+(aq)+Cl— Equation 10 This process can be repeated, eventually leading to the depletion of the rare earth element from the mud or slurry, which retains the unwanted thorium contaminants 180 as shown in step F of FIG. 1.As in the example utilizing ammonium chloride, this process advantageously utilizes “chemical gain”, in which the MEA.HCl acts as a pseudocatalyst. One can use substantially less than stoichiometric amounts of the lixiviant to recover all of the desired extractable active metal species as a soluble salt. This has both economic and environmental benefits and, additionally, simplifies any necessary subsequent product purification steps.The metal salt production is controlled by the amount of lixiviant present relative to the amount of extractable metal ions, and the rate of acid added to the system. When first starting the process either the ammonium salt or the unprotonated organic amine may first be used. Subsequently once the anion is consumed, fresh acid can be added to provide protonation of the organic amine so that further metal salt can be produced. Because the protonation of the organic amine occurs in exclusively in the solution phase, the reaction rate is much greater than direct contact of acid with metal oxide. The regenerated lixiviant can then undergo selective reaction with cerium hydroxide according to Equation 9. In this manner, cerium can selectively be extracted from waste material in a continuous manner via the reactions in Equation 9 and Equation 10 until all the cerium hydroxide is consumed or addition of acid is ceased.It should be reiterated that the lixiviant allows for the selective extraction of cerium in this example because it does not react with other metals or metal oxides/hydroxides in the monazite process mud slag (e.g. thorium oxide does not react with the lixiviant, see Equation 11). ThO2(s)+HOC2H4NH3+(aq)→NO REACTION Equation 11 Whereas, in the absence of the lixiviant, the acid will react unselectively with thorium oxide (Equation 8) and cerium hydroxide (Equation 8), as well as other potential metals and metal oxides/hydroxides.The soluble cerium salt and the soluble MEA from Equation 9 (or soluble MEAH+ if reaction is metal oxide/hydroxide limited) can easily be separated from the insoluble solid residue. Once separated, the soluble aqueous fraction can used as-is if the target process can withstand the small quantity of lixiviant as a contaminant, or the solution can be furthered processed as needed.The rare earth element containing solution can be concentrated or diluted to a desired strength as required by the end user. Alternatively, the solution can be boiled down or evaporated completely, leaving a rare earth element chloride and/or various hydrates thereof, depending on how vigorously the mixture is dried. The residual uncharged organic amine could also be removed by this process and optionally captured for reuse. The dried rare earth element chlorides could be further processed into oxides via thermal oxidation, precipitation with agents such oxalic acid, sodium hydroxide, potassium hydroxide or other precipitating agents.In another embodiment of the inventive concept mixture of rare-earth hydroxides can be extracted for further refinement. In such an embodiment an organic amine lixiviant and reaction conditions can be selected that produce a mixture of rare earth element cation/counterion pairs in solution and leaves undesired contaminants in the insoluble slag. The mixture of rare earth element cation/counterion pairs could be separated from residual lixiviant by, for example, precipitation with a hydroxide. Alternatively, rare earth element salts could be recovered by drying or other solvent removal technique. In such an approach a relatively volatile lixiviant (such as, for example, ammonia) can be selected to simplify removal and recovery of the organic amine. The most basic rare earth element present (for example, lanthanum hydroxide) can be selectively extracted by exposing the rare earth element hydroxide mixture precipitate to an amount of a second amine-based lixiviant that is just acidic enough for the lanthanum to be selectively extracted. The resulting solution could then be concentrated or diluted to a desired strength as required by downstream processes.There are of course many possible lixiviants of the form of Compound 1, and there are likewise many organic amines and rare earth element sources. While the examples provided have described the action of two organic amine lixiviants (i.e. ammonium chloride and monoethanolamine hydrochloride (a.k.a. monoethanolammonium chloride) with one particular cerium source, (monazite) other examples of process of the inventive concept can utilize organic amine cation/counterion pairs such as ammonium acetate, monoethanolammonium acetate, ammonium nitrate, or monoethanolammonium nitrate. Alternatively, biologically derived lixiviants such as the amino acid glycine (or a salt of itself) or the hydrobromide salt of poly-L-lysine can be used. Similarly, while examples note the use of monazite ore, other ores (such as xenotime, euxenite, allanite, loparite, samarskite, aeschynite, fergusonite, parasite, synchisite, tengerite, ancylite, florencite, britholite, thalenite, gadolinite, and eudialyte) are suitable. Alternatively, systems, methods, and compositions of the inventive concept can be utilized to recover rare earth elements from electronic waste, consumer waste, industrial waste, scrap or other excess materials from manufacturing processes, or other post-utilization sources. Any source that contains a basic form of a rare earth metal can be suitable. For example alkali-processed monazite sands that contain thorium compounds can be used as a source material in methods of the inventive concept. In preferred embodiments the rare earth source is a rare earth hydroxide that can be separated from a matrix using an acid, for example HCl.Many rare earth elements on the periodic table can form hydroxides; most of these have very limited solubility in water. These hydroxides also have varying degrees of basicity. While cerium (III) hydroxide as produced from various mineral sources has been cited as an example there are many other rare earth elements that form suitable bases in water. Examples of other elements that, in hydroxide form, are suitable for use in systems and methods of the inventive concept include scandium, yttrium, lanthanum, praseodymium, neodymium, promethium, samarium, europium, gadolinium, terbium, dysprosium, holmium, erbium, thulium, ytterbium, and leutetium. Such salts have different basicities, which can be paired with organic amine based lixiviants of different acidities to provide selective recovery.It should also be noted that systems, methods, and compositions of the inventive concept are not limited to one metal species being extracted with one particular lixiviant or set of anions. Multiple metal species with various organic amine based lixiviants and various anions (or acids) can be used in sequence or in parallel to extract a particular mixture of metals or to produce a particular mixture of metal salts.As described above, lixiviants of the inventive concept can be applied in a variety of methods. Examples of some of these methods are depicted schematically in FIG. 2, FIG. 3, and FIG. 4.FIG. 2 depicts a method of the inventive process 200 in which a sample 210, for example an ore or other source or rare earth metal, is mixed with a lixiviant 220. The lixiviant can include a solvent and one or more organic amine species as described above in the form of a cation, coupled with a suitable counterion (for example, chlorine and/or other halides). Suitable solvents include any protic or highly polar solvent, or any solvent that can solvate large amounts of rare earth metal salts. In preferred embodiments of the inventive concept the solvent is water, a glycol, or a water/glycol mixture.The organic amine component of the lixiviant can be chosen based on selectivity, efficiency, or economic considerations. Suitable organic amine species can be described by Compound 1, above. In some embodiments the organic amine can be a bromide, chloride, acetate, or nitrate salt of diethanolamine or triethanolamine. In other embodiments the organic amine can be a chloride or acetate salt of an amino acid, for example glycine or lysine. In preferred embodiments of the inventive concept the organic amine can be ammonium chloride or monoethanolamine chloride. Similarly, the concentration of organic amine can be selected for optimal or improved performance. As noted above the organic amine can be utilized in substoichiometric amounts, however this is not a requirement. For example, a monovalent organic amine can be used at concentrations and volumes that give about a molar ratio of about 0.01 to about 3.05 relative to the amount of available rare earth metal in the sample. In such an embodiment higher organic amine to rare earth element molar ratios can be utilized in batch processing operations, in which the lixiviant is not constantly regenerated through the addition of acid.The sample 210 can be treated physically and/or chemically prior to mixing with the lixiviant 220. For example, the components of the sample 210 can be reduced in size, for example through milling, grinding, pulverizing, or sifting. In some embodiments components of the sample can have a mean diameter of about 0.005 mm to about 1 mm after such processing. In other embodiments components of the sample can have a mean diameter of about 0.01 mm to about 0.25 mm after such processing. In preferred embodiments of the inventive concept components of the sample can have a mean diameter of about 0.025 mm to about 0.125 mm. Such processes improve the surface area to volume ratio of elements of the sample and can serve to increase reaction rates. In some embodiments a sample can be chemically treated, for example through exposure to strong bases (such as sodium hydroxide), heating, oxidation, or a combination of these. Such chemical treatments can serve to generate rare earth metal salts (for example, hydroxides or oxides) or to alter the physical structure of the sample or components of the sample.On interacting with the lixiviant 220, rare earth elements in the sample interact with organic amine cations and counterions to form a soluble rare earth element cation/counterion complex that is solubilized in the supernatant 230, along with an uncharged organic amine. This extraction process can be rapid, reaching completion in about 0.5 hours to about 24 hours. In preferred embodiments the extraction time is from about 2 hours to about 4 hours. The mass ratio of rare earth element to solvent can be adjusted to improve process efficiency. In some embodiments the ratio of rare earth element to solvent ratio is about 0.02 to about 0.5. In other embodiments the ratio of rare earth element to solvent is about 0.05 to about 0.25. In preferred embodiments of the inventive concept the ratio of rare earth element to solvent is about 0.1 to about 0.15.Other parameters can be adjusted during the extraction process in order to optimize the selectivity and efficiency of the extraction process, for example temperature and mixing speed. In some embodiments the temperature during extraction can be from about 0° C. to about 200° C. In other embodiments the temperature during extraction is about 50° C. to about 150° C. In a preferred embodiment of the inventive concept the temperature during extraction is about 150° C. Similarly, during extraction the mixture of sample and lixiviant can be stirred at about 100 rpm to about 2000 rpm. In preferred embodiments the mixture of sample and lixiviant can be stirred at about 200 rpm to about 500 rpm.In the extraction process unwanted contaminants are not solvated by the lixiviant, and remain behind as insoluble material, for example as a treated sample 240 that can be further processed if desired. The pH of the lixiviant can change during the extraction process, ranging from about pH 6 to about pH 13 at the beginning of the extraction, and from about pH 6 to about pH 9 at the end of the extraction process. Such pH changes can provide an indication of the progress of the reaction, or, alternatively, can be used to indicate a need to regenerate the lixiviant. The supernatant 250 can be separated from the insoluble materials of the treated sample 240 by a variety of processes, including settling, filtration, or centrifugation, either alone or in combination. The rare earth cation 260 can be recovered from the supernatant 250 by any suitable means, including electrodeposition, precipitation (for example, by the addition of a base such as hydroxide), and ion exchange. In a preferred embodiment insoluble materials are removed by filtration. In such embodiments the efficiency of the process can be improved by washing the filter cake of insoluble material to recover additional lixiviant containing solubilised rare earth elements, however this must be weighed against the impact of dilution on subsequent steps. In some embodiments the filter cake is washed with a liquid volume of about 10 times the volume of the cake wetness. In other embodiments the filter cake is washed with a liquid volume of about 5 times the volume of the cake wetness. In preferred embodiments the filter cake is washed with a liquid volume of about 3 times the volume of the cake wetness.The uncharged organic amine remaining in the supernatant 250 can, in turn, be regenerated 270 to form an organic amine cation that can form part of a lixiviant 220 that can be used in the next cycle of the reaction. For example, if a supernatant 250 is treated with an acidic form of the counterion of the lixiviant 220, the uncharged organic amine can be converted to an organic amine cation/counterion pair that can be used as a lixiviant 220 in the next application of the method. In preferred embodiments of the organic concept, an acidic form of the counterion can be added to the mixed first supernatant and sample 230 to regenerate the charged organic amine/counterion pair in situ 280. The acid used for regeneration can be any acid that is able to maintain the rare earth salt solubility in the lixiviant, for example HBr, HCl, or acetic acid. In a preferred embodiment the acid is HCl. It should be appreciated that in such an embodiment the organic amine can act as a pseudocatalyst, serving to shuttle counterions to rare earth element components of the sample while not being consumed. This advantageously permits the use of the organic amine in substochiometric amounts relative to the rare earth element content of the sample, which limits both the environmental impact of such operations and permits considerable savings in materials.Other embodiments of the inventive concept can advantageously utilize the selective complex formation and solubility of components of methods of the inventive concept to recover different rare earth elements from the same sample. One example of such a method is shown in FIG. 3. As shown, such a method can be a chain of reactions that are, essentially, one or more repetitions of the method shown in FIG. 1 applied to a progressively depleted sample. In an example of such a method 300, a sample 305 and a first lixiviant 310 are brought into contact with each other. The first lixiviant 310 includes a first organic amine cation and a counterion, and reaction 315 with the sample 305 produces a first depleted sample 320 and a first supernatant 325 that includes a first rare earth cation, a counterion, and an uncharged organic amine. The first depleted sample 320 includes materials that were not reactive with the first lixiviant, which can include additional rare earth elements, other valuable materials, and unwanted contaminants. It can be separated from the first supernatant 325 by any suitable method, including settling, filtration, and centrifugation, either alone or in combination. The first rare earth cation 330 can be recovered from the first supernatant 325 by any suitable means, including electrodeposition, precipitation (for example, by the addition of a base such as hydroxide), and ion exchange. The uncharged first organic amine remaining in the supernatant 325 can, in turn, be regenerated 360 to give a first organic amine cation that can form part of a first lixiviant 310 that can be used in the next cycle of the reaction. The first depleted sample 320 can, in turn, be contacted 340 with a second lixiviant 335 that includes a second organic amine cation/counterion pair. Reaction with the first depleted sample 240 produces a second depleted sample 350 and a second supernatant 345 that includes a soluble second rare earth element cation/counterion complex and uncharged second organic amine. The second rare earth cation 355 can be recovered from the second supernatant 345 by any suitable means, including precipitation (for example, by treatment with a base that forms an insoluble salt), electrodeposition, and/or ion exchange. Uncharged second organic amine can be treated 365, for example with an acid form of the counterion, to regenerate the second lixiviant 335. In some embodiments of the inventive concept the second depleted sample 350 is subjected to further rounds of treatment with lixiviants in order to recover additional valuable materials. It should be appreciated that, as described in the process illustrated in FIG. 2, that an acid form of the counterion can be added to the mixtures of lixiviant and sample to regenerate the first organic amine cation 361, the second organic amine cation 366, or both the first and second organic amine cations 361, 366 in situ, permitting them to act as pseudocatalysts and permitting the first organic amine, the second organic amine, or both the first and second organic amine to be used in substochiometric quantities. This advantageously permits the use of the organic amine in substochiometric amounts relative to the rare earth element content of the sample, which limits both the environmental impact of such operations and permits considerable savings in materials.Another embodiment of the inventive concept that permits recovery of two or more rare earth elements from a sample is shown in FIG. 4. In such a method 400 a sample 410 is contacted with a lixiviant 420 that includes a first organic amine cation/counterion pair and a second organic amine cation/counterion pair. This mixture 430 results in a treated sample 450 and a first supernatant 440. This first supernatant can include a first rare earth element cation/counterion pair, a second rare earth element cation/counterion pair, a first uncharged organic amine, and a second uncharged organic amine. The first rare earth cation 460 can be recovered from the first supernatant 440 by any suitably selective means, including precipitation with a first precipitant (for example, by treatment with a base that forms an insoluble salt), electroplating, or ion exchange. Recovery of the first rare earth cation 460 from the first supernatant 440 yields a second supernatant 470, which includes a second rare earth element cation/counterion pair, an uncharged first organic amine, and an uncharged second organic amine. The second rare earth cation 480 can be recovered from the second supernatant 470 by any suitable means, such as precipitation with a second precipitant (for example, through treatment with additional amounts of a base that forms an insoluble salt), electrodeposition, or ion exchange. Following extraction of rare earth elements, the second supernatant 470 can be treated (for example, by the addition of an acid form of the counterion) to regenerate the lixiviant 420. In some embodiments of the inventive concept the first organic amine and the second organic amine (and their respective cations) can be different molecular species with different acidities and/or specificities for rare earth elements. In other embodiments of the inventive concept the first organic amine and the second organic amine can be the same molecular species, with selectivity between the first rare earth element and the second rare earth element being provided by the method used for their recovery from supernatants. For example, in some embodiments the first precipitant and the second precipitant are different species that selectively precipitate the first and second rare earth elements, respectively. Alternatively, in other embodiments the first precipitant and the second precipitant are the same species utilized under different conditions, for example at different concentrations and/or temperatures. It should be appreciated that, as described in the processes illustrated in FIG. 2 and FIG. 3, that an acid form of the counterion can be added to the mixtures of lixiviant and sample to regenerate the first organic amine cation, the second organic amine cation, or both the first and second organic amine cations in situ 495, permitting them to act as pseudocatalysts and permitting the first organic amine, the second organic amine, or both the first and second organic amine to be used in substochiometric quantities. This advantageously permits the use of the organic amine in substochiometric amounts relative to the rare earth element content of the sample, which limits both the environmental impact of such operations and permits considerable savings in materials.It should be apparent to those skilled in the art that many more modifications besides those already described are possible without departing from the inventive concepts herein. The inventive subject matter, therefore, is not to be restricted except in the spirit of the appended claims. Moreover, in interpreting both the specification and the claims, all terms should be interpreted in the broadest possible manner consistent with the context. In particular, the terms “comprises” and “comprising” should be interpreted as referring to elements, components, or steps in a non-exclusive manner, indicating that the referenced elements, components, or steps may be present, or utilized, or combined with other elements, components, or steps that are not expressly referenced. Where the specification claims refers to at least one of something selected from the group consisting of A, B, C . . . and N, the text should be interpreted as requiring only one element from the group, not A plus N, or B plus N, etc. 







Previous Patent: Ligand Assisted Chromatography for Metal Ion SeparationNext Patent: ION EXCHANGE RESIN AND METHOD FOR ADSORBING AND SEPARATING METAL











Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 


















Lixivia Reviews - CB Insights


























×
Name your new list


Come up with a name for your new list and we'll add  to it:




Cancel
Create list

 








Customers


Case Studies & Testimonials




All 68 testimonials




Deal Makers

Venture Capital
Corporate Development / M&A
Corporate Venture Capital
Sales & Business Development
Investment Banks
Wealth Management
Growth Equity Investors



Strategy / Product

Corporate Strategy
Corporate Innovation
Competitive Intelligence
Strategy Consulting
Product Development





Advisors / Consulting

Investment Banks
Lawyers
Strategy Consulting



Non-profits

Universities
Economic Development






Platform

Venture Capital Database

Insights & Company Intel

Business Social Graph

Mosaic Rating

Company Mosaic
Investor Mosaic
Market Mosaic



Analytics & Data Viz

Industry Analytics
Investor Analytics
Geo Analytics





Venture Capital and M&A/IPO Data

Deal Feeds & Alerts



Productivity Tools

Chrome browser plugin
Mobile app





Services

On-Demand Research
Custom Content / Marketing Services
Expert By CB Insights


Research

Get our newsletter (145K+ have it)
Reports
Webinars
Research blog
Insurance Tech blog


The Company

About Us
Press
We're hiring
Team Blog


Pricing
Try us for free
Log in





Login


Try us for free


Customers




Case studies & testimonials




Read all 68 testimonials



Deal Makers

Venture Capital Firms
Corporate Venture
Corporate Development / M&A
Growth Equity Investors
Investment Banks
Wealth Management

Advisors / Consulting

Law firms
Strategy Consulting



Strategy / Product

Strategy Consulting
Corporate Strategy
Corporate Innovation
Competitive Intelligence
Product Development
Sales and Business Development

Non-profits

Universities
Economic Development Organizations







Platform





Insights & Company Intel





Business Social Graph








Mosaic Rating

Company Mosaic
Investor Mosaic
Market Mosaic






Venture Capital and M&A/IPO Data

Venture Capital Database
Private Company Valuations & Multiples





Analytics & Data Viz

Industry Analytics
Investor Analytics
Geo Analytics






Productivity Tools






Chrome browser plugin











Mobile app













Services



On-Demand Research
Custom Content / Marketing Services
Expert By CB Insights




Research



Get our newsletter (145K+ have it)
Reports
Webinars
Research blog
Insurance Tech blog




The Company



About Us
Press
We're hiring
Team Blog




Pricing











Already a member? Click here to login  
	              Close



 


 Lixivia 
lixivia-inc.com



Download PDF
Follow






					Public lists:					







Dashboard
Performance
Jobs
Financing
Board
Competitors
Patents








							Lixivia applies proprietary processes and bio-derived/inspired chemicals to improve the recovery of precipitated calcium carbonates, calcium salts and rare earth metals from industrial mineral waste products.							

							Lixivia applies proprietary processes and bio-derived/inspired chemicals to improve the recovery of precipitated calcium carbonates, calcium salts and rare earth metals from industrial mineral waste products.							
Company (Alive / Active)



All investors data
3 Investors

3M New VenturesCycad GroupUndisclosed Investors 



Phone: 805-770-3900
Fax: 



										720 N. Alisos Street  

										Santa Barbara, 										93103 

										California, 										United States 







Latest News








See all 0  articles





See more competitors data Competitors




Total Funding
Date of Last Funding




Lixivia


													$3.3M												



													Jan 20, 2017												




See all 0  competitors














Web Traffic

Rank


Show
(-10)


Engagement (PVPU)


Show
(+1%)


Domain Authority Score
Show
Page Views Per Million (PVPM)
Show
Reach Per Million
Show




Rank
Page Views Per User (PVPU)
Page Views Per Million (PVPM)
Reach Per Million (RPM)




1W
1M
6M
1Y




  





1W
1M
6M
1Y




  





1W
1M
6M
1Y










1W
1M
6M
1Y










 


SEO Statistics




Domain Authority Score
Show


Page Authority Score
Show


No. External Links
Show


No. Links
Show






Web Traffic Statistics - Growth





Per Week
Per Month
Per 6 Months
Per Year




Rank
 Login to see details


Page Views Per Million
 Login to see details


Page Views Per User
 Login to see details


Reach Per Million
 Login to see details












Related Lixivia Jobs

jobs by 






						There is no Financing data available for this company. Please select another tab.
					

Investors




Investor
Investor Type
Location
Participating Rounds








								See all 3  investors
							







						There is no Board of Directors data available for this company. Please select another tab.
					



								Board Members
							




Name
Firm



Login to see detailsCycad Group 









						There is no Competitors data available for this company. Please select another tab.
					



								Competitors
							




Company
Status
Description
Investors






See all 0  competitors







Patents



Title
Application Date
Patent Date
Status (Patent / Application)





													Refining methods and agents for rare earth production												

Dec 04, 2013
Nov 22, 2016
Patent




													Making mineral salts from various sources												

Nov 06, 2013
May 24, 2016
Patent




													Making mineral salts from various sources												

Mar 31, 2016

Application




													Systems and methods for alkaline earth production												

Mar 08, 2016

Application




													Systems and methods for alkaline earth production												

Nov 25, 2014

Application





									See all 6 patents
								




 





























Lixivia, Inc. in Santa Barbara CA - Company Profile

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

California



                
                >
                

Santa Barbara







 Lixivia, Inc.
                        

Active

                                
                                    Santa Barbara,
                                    CA
                                
                        












Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Lixivia, Inc. Overview
  Lixivia, Inc. filed as a Statement & Designation By Foreign Corporation in the State of California on Tuesday, February 26, 2013 and is approximately four years old, according to public records filed with California Secretary of State. A corporate filing is called a foreign filing when an existing corporate entity files in a state other than the state they originally filed in. This does not necessarily mean that they are from outside the United States.   




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Lixivia, Inc.
    




                        Network Visualizer
                    























Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Key People 
Who owns Lixivia, Inc.








Name







                            Michael Wyrsta
                                
                                    3
                                





                                        President
                                    





















 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for Lixivia, Inc.










720 N Alisos St
Santa Barbara, CA 93103










Corporate Filings for Lixivia, Inc.








California Secretary of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Statement & Designation By Foreign Corporation                                



                                    Status:
                                

Active




                                    State:
                                

                                    California
                                



                                        Foreign State:
                                    

Delaware                                    



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    03537405
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Tuesday, February 26, 2013
                                    



                                        Registered Agent
                                    

                                        Michael Wyrsta
                                    









Advertisements










Source







California Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Monday, July 3, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Lixivia, Inc..
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Lixivia, Inc. and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















1
                    Known Addresses
                




                                720 N Alisos St  Santa Barbara, CA 93103

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with Lixivia, Inc. however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




1
                    Corporate Records

                



                                CA

2013
Statement & Designation By Foreign Corporation
                            





                Source
            





                        California Secretary of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,579 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,727 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,188 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,449 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,351 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,734 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,180 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,579 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,064 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,847 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,727 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,867 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,967 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,530 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,175 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,205 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,100 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,571 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,579 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,353 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,914 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,344 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,948 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,781 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,854 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,337 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,479 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,204 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,610 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,570 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,829 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,577 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,392 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,532 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,310 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,013 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,085 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,213 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,670 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        598,000 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,328 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,674 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,012 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,149 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,719 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,367 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,906 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,356 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,449 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,358 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,728 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,590 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,495 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,308 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,732 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,779 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,351 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,233 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,847 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,910 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,188 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,713 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,907 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,910 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,498 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,494 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,074 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,322 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,974 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















California Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































California Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Silverback 5150 Pictures, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Allen Hughes










Entit Software LLC

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeremy K. Cox
Christopher Hsu
Remi Thomas










Dura Logistics, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Chino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Eric James Price
Varoujean Salatian










Big Bay City, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kaley Cuoco Living Trust










Honey and Lace, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beaumont, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Gail Ingram
Dianne Ingram










Sturmer Pippin Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redding, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
H36 Sturmer Pippin Holding Company, LLC










DAR Waterfront & Associates, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sherman Oaks, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daniel A. Rivero










H&S Energy, LLC

                                                
                                                    Orange, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hassan & Sons, Inc.










Unification Technology, LLC

                                                
                                                    Fremont, CA
                                                
                                        










Cleotech Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Altos, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Isabel Ge Mahe










Campion Maverick Inc.

                                                
                                                    La Jolla, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anjum Mahmood
Mukesh Assomull
Priya Assomull










Dissonance, Inc

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Trent Reznor










Wg+R Law Group, PC

                                                
                                                    Alameda, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
D'Anne L. Gleicher
Danne Gleidier










Kai Os Technologies Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daisy Tuen Yi Chan










Hassan & Sons, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Cypress, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Salaheddin Fawzi Hassan
O. Nesheiwat
Brentina Lisa










Mirando Productions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Gatos, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Netflix Studios, Inc.
Netflix Studios, LLC










Off Price Apparel, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Monica, CA
                                                
                                        










Afinarte Music, LLC

                                                
                                                    Ontario, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jorge Gaxiola
Luis M. Magallon










Not Too Big to Fall Association, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nigel Johnson










Sonder Restaurant Bakersfield, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Bakersfield, CA
                                                
                                        










Regalian, LLC

                                                
                                                    Glendale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Justin L M Leong










Duke Partners II, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redondo Beach, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wedgewood LLC
Gregory L. Geiser
David R. Wehrly










Raterlabs, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Pleasanton, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daren Russell Jackson
Monique Jackson










Xcl Titling Trust

                                                
                                                    San Francisco, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wilmington Trust National Association
Xchange Leasing, LLC










Progenitech, LLC

                                                
                                                    Azusa, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Renee Ying
Jeffrey Ying
Renee Chen










Sisyphus Touring, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Dome Garage, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nationwide Theatres Corp.










Breckenridge Property Fund 2016, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redondo Beach, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David R. Wehrly
Gregory L. Geiser
Wedgewood LLC










Imperishable Crown LLC

                                                
                                                    Fresno, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gianeh Arakelyan
Matthew Allen Garabedian










Necronomicom, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Adventures In Wonderland, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Dli Properties LLC

                                                
                                                    Agoura Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Strategic Acquisitions










M&A Instruments Inc

                                                
                                                    Arcadia, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Qiang Zhang










Tectus Systems Corporation

                                                
                                                    Saratoga, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Drew Perkins










Treyball Development, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Harry Smith










Tiger Financial Holdings LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Aysen Ozkan
Brian Ozkan Trust 2/12/
Brian Ozkan Trust Dated 2 12 07










Psiquantum, Corp.

                                                
                                                    Palo Alto, CA
                                                
                                        










Netflix Studios, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Gatos, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Netflix Holdings, LLC










Bender Entertainment Group, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Bakersfield, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bob Earl Bender










Gep Talent Services, LLC

                                                
                                                    Burbank, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gep Atl LLC










Clear Recon Corp

                                                
                                                    San Diego, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Steven W. Pite
David S. Dallal
Arianna L. Black










Modgene Pharma LLC

                                                
                                                    Cardiff, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
J. Gregor Sutcliffe
Brian Hilbush










Kianor Shah DMD, PC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kianor Shahmohammadi










Defcon-1 of Temecula, Lp

                                                
                                                    Temecula, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jacob Goodell
Alan McEwan










Cloudchip, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Cupertino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David D. Tsang
Jun Li










Assembled Productions III LLC

                                                
                                                    Burbank, CA
                                                
                                        










Gemstra Inc

                                                
                                                    Brea, CA
                                                
                                        










Three Sons & A Dog, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Granada Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Fordall Cole
Ford V. Cole










Nivano Physicians, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Grass Valley, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Venu M. Kondle
Robert E. Michelin
Thomas W. Luisetti










West Brands, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kanye West
Charlie Wilhoit
Charles Willhoit



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Lightning Credit Solutions LLC
19 days ago


Los Angeles




Brainesis Inc
19 days ago


San Gabriel




Field/Paoli Architects, Inc.
19 days ago


San Francisco




Asm Equities, Inc.
19 days ago


Los Angeles




I’'ll Just Open A Shop Inc
19 days ago


Alhambra




Adamas Pharma, LLC
19 days ago


Emeryville




Ring Protect Inc.
19 days ago


Santa Monica




Coresystems USA Inc.
21 days ago


San Francisco




Reason 4 Sports LLC
21 days ago


Encino




Pevii Plano Block A, LLC
21 days ago


Los Angeles




Vicura Dfw, LLC
21 days ago


Corona del Mar




Windsor 5250 Spe, LLC
21 days ago


Newport Beach




Cwsfg 17 Galleria 5250, LLC
21 days ago


Newport Beach




Teledyne E2V, Inc.
21 days ago


Milpitas




Cws Galleria 5250, L.P.
21 days ago


Newport Beach




Regents 5250 Spe, LLC
21 days ago


Newport Beach




Msl Sacto, LLC
21 days ago


Costa Mesa




Smith Legacy, LLC
21 days ago


Encino




Wip - Arbor Vista 2, LLC
21 days ago


San Francisco




Hill Country Elephant Preserve
21 days ago


Perris




Gokairav Tx LLC
21 days ago


Tustin




Eternity Bay Group LLC
21 days ago


Danville




2020 Beast Holdings, LLC
21 days ago


City of Industry




Miami Color Creations LLC
21 days ago


Encino




Beakerbox, LLC
21 days ago


Los Angeles




Moonlights LLC
22 days ago


Reseda




Squire Financial Services LLC
22 days ago


La Quinta




Pelican Ranch LLC
22 days ago


Valley Village




Metalk and His Friends Technology, LLC
22 days ago


San Jose




Tech Financial, LLC
22 days ago


Beverly Hills




Unvig, LLC
22 days ago


Los Angeles




Carlmont Hills, LLC
22 days ago


Los Altos Hills




A Better Community LLC
22 days ago


Bakersfield




Golestan Properties, LLC
22 days ago


Los Gatos




Financial Reporting Specialists LLC
22 days ago


Glendale




J & R Restaurants, LLC
22 days ago


Bassett




Alt Services LLC
22 days ago


Pioneer




Nabuk Services, LLC
22 days ago


Bakersfield




Los Angeles Basketball Academy LLC
22 days ago


Los Angeles




Golden Fabricates LLC.
22 days ago


Turlock




Memo's Tires & Auto Repair, LLC
22 days ago


Kerman




Hello June Films LLC
22 days ago


North Hollywood




O'Dell Farms, LLC
22 days ago


Cardiff




Plebs and Largess LLC
22 days ago


Pacific Palisades




Dillon J Shook, LLC
22 days ago


Encino




Terra Luna Farms, LLC
22 days ago


Rohnert Park




Atlas Behavior Services LLC
22 days ago


Sherman Oaks




So On Music LLC
22 days ago


Los Angeles




Citygirlgonemom, LLC
22 days ago


Carlsbad




Cape Nano Products LLC
22 days ago


San Diego









Top cities in California





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                799,067
            



                2
            


                    San Diego
                


                349,385
            



                3
            


                    San Francisco
                


                318,067
            



                4
            


                    San Jose
                


                179,352
            



                5
            


                    Sacramento
                


                146,372
            



                6
            


                    Irvine
                


                137,616
            



                7
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                115,428
            



                8
            


                    Newport Beach
                


                93,146
            



                9
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                89,770
            



                10
            


                    Oakland
                


                89,047
            



                11
            


                    Long Beach
                


                88,013
            



                12
            


                    Fresno
                


                80,971
            



                13
            


                    Santa Ana
                


                76,441
            



                14
            


                    Anaheim
                


                75,623
            



                15
            


                    Glendale
                


                73,389
            



                16
            


                    Bakersfield
                


                67,524
            



                17
            


                    Pasadena
                


                64,698
            



                18
            


                    Riverside
                


                63,638
            



                19
            


                    Torrance
                


                59,866
            



                20
            


                    Huntington Beach
                


                58,605
            



                21
            


                    Encino
                


                53,896
            



                22
            


                    Woodland Hills
                


                53,518
            



                23
            


                    Santa Barbara
                


                51,953
            



                24
            


                    Costa Mesa
                


                51,517
            



                25
            


                    Orange
                


                50,335
            



                26
            


                    Sherman Oaks
                


                50,045
            



                27
            


                    Burbank
                


                48,406
            



                28
            


                    Palo Alto
                


                48,091
            



                29
            


                    Fremont
                


                48,000
            



                30
            


                    Carlsbad
                


                47,048
            



                31
            


                    Van Nuys
                


                46,072
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                42,617
            



                33
            


                    Santa Rosa
                


                42,557
            



                34
            


                    North Hollywood
                


                41,253
            



                35
            


                    San Mateo
                


                41,067
            



                36
            


                    Stockton
                


                39,492
            



                37
            


                    Santa Clara
                


                38,274
            



                38
            


                    Rancho Cucamonga
                


                36,698
            



                39
            


                    Walnut Creek
                


                35,790
            



                40
            


                    Chula Vista
                


                34,464
            



                41
            


                    La Jolla
                


                34,000
            



                42
            


                    Sunnyvale
                


                33,792
            



                43
            


                    Fullerton
                


                33,733
            



                44
            


                    Escondido
                


                33,649
            



                45
            


                    Garden Grove
                


                33,250
            



                46
            


                    Modesto
                


                33,096
            



                47
            


                    Berkeley
                


                32,758
            



                48
            


                    West Hollywood
                


                32,385
            



                49
            


                    Temecula
                


                32,003
            



                50
            


                    Tustin
                


                31,029
            



                51
            


                    Roseville
                


                30,902
            



                52
            


                    Ontario
                


                30,551
            



                53
            


                    El Cajon
                


                30,360
            



                54
            


                    Redwood City
                


                29,912
            



                55
            


                    Hayward
                


                29,823
            



                56
            


                    Arcadia
                


                29,379
            



                57
            


                    Thousand Oaks
                


                29,135
            



                58
            


                    Oceanside
                


                29,089
            



                59
            


                    Ventura
                


                29,076
            



                60
            


                    Alhambra
                


                29,007
            



                61
            


                    San Rafael
                


                28,826
            



                62
            


                    Mission Viejo
                


                28,037
            



                63
            


                    San Bernardino
                


                27,266
            



                64
            


                    Culver City
                


                26,766
            



                65
            


                    Redondo Beach
                


                26,495
            



                66
            


                    Gardena
                


                26,194
            



                67
            


                    Mountain View
                


                26,120
            



                68
            


                    Simi Valley
                


                25,653
            



                69
            


                    Calabasas
                


                25,004
            



                70
            


                    Whittier
                


                24,942
            



                71
            


                    Concord
                


                24,930
            



                72
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                24,750
            



                73
            


                    San Clemente
                


                24,265
            



                74
            


                    Encinitas
                


                24,215
            



                75
            


                    Menlo Park
                


                24,054
            



                76
            


                    Murrieta
                


                23,875
            



                77
            


                    Northridge
                


                23,777
            



                78
            


                    Oxnard
                


                23,294
            



                79
            


                    Inglewood
                


                23,085
            



                80
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                23,012
            



                81
            


                    Laguna Niguel
                


                22,753
            



                82
            


                    Redding
                


                22,679
            



                83
            


                    Fontana
                


                22,678
            



                84
            


                    Vista
                


                22,678
            



                85
            


                    Monterey Park
                


                22,674
            



                86
            


                    Studio City
                


                22,417
            



                87
            


                    Marina Del Rey
                


                22,316
            



                88
            


                    Palm Desert
                


                22,140
            



                89
            


                    Napa
                


                22,104
            



                90
            


                    Santa Cruz
                


                21,987
            



                91
            


                    Burlingame
                


                21,744
            



                92
            


                    San Ramon
                


                21,744
            



                93
            


                    Walnut
                


                21,646
            



                94
            


                    Tarzana
                


                21,532
            



                95
            


                    Valencia
                


                21,496
            



                96
            


                    San Gabriel
                


                21,443
            



                97
            


                    Los Gatos
                


                21,370
            



                98
            


                    Upland
                


                21,308
            



                99
            


                    Salinas
                


                21,077
            



                100
            


                    Downey
                


                20,976
            



                101
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                20,812
            



                102
            


                    San Marcos
                


                20,479
            



                103
            


                    Manhattan Beach
                


                20,454
            



                104
            


                    Rowland Heights
                


                20,228
            



                105
            


                    Lancaster
                


                20,170
            



                106
            


                    Camarillo
                


                20,077
            



                107
            


                    Chatsworth
                


                20,045
            



                108
            


                    Laguna Hills
                


                19,889
            



                109
            


                    West Covina
                


                19,518
            



                110
            


                    Westminster
                


                19,387
            



                111
            


                    Lake Forest
                


                19,230
            



                112
            


                    Pomona
                


                19,226
            



                113
            


                    Cupertino
                


                19,151
            



                114
            


                    Visalia
                


                19,151
            



                115
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                19,127
            



                116
            


                    Chino
                


                19,120
            



                117
            


                    La Mesa
                


                19,111
            



                118
            


                    Danville
                


                19,049
            



                119
            


                    Canoga Park
                


                18,952
            



                120
            


                    Los Altos
                


                18,895
            



                121
            


                    Fountain Valley
                


                18,721
            



                122
            


                    Cerritos
                


                18,507
            



                123
            


                    Yorba Linda
                


                18,303
            



                124
            


                    Chico
                


                18,269
            



                125
            


                    Campbell
                


                18,188
            



                126
            


                    San Leandro
                


                18,103
            



                127
            


                    San Luis Obispo
                


                17,902
            



                128
            


                    El Monte
                


                17,776
            



                129
            


                    Diamond Bar
                


                17,721
            



                130
            


                    Palmdale
                


                17,572
            



                131
            


                    Laguna Beach
                


                17,372
            



                132
            


                    Brea
                


                16,964
            



                133
            


                    Moreno Valley
                


                16,908
            



                134
            


                    Venice
                


                16,878
            



                135
            


                    Milpitas
                


                16,869
            



                136
            


                    El Segundo
                


                16,820
            



                137
            


                    Carson
                


                16,609
            



                138
            


                    Aliso Viejo
                


                16,433
            



                139
            


                    Buena Park
                


                16,365
            



                140
            


                    Agoura Hills
                


                16,341
            



                141
            


                    Novato
                


                16,215
            



                142
            


                    Covina
                


                16,187
            



                143
            


                    Clovis
                


                16,129
            



                144
            


                    Livermore
                


                16,098
            



                145
            


                    Petaluma
                


                16,043
            



                146
            


                    Redlands
                


                16,040
            



                147
            


                    Folsom
                


                15,585
            



                148
            


                    Santa Maria
                


                15,556
            



                149
            


                    South San Francisco
                


                15,154
            



                150
            


                    Alameda
                


                15,108
            



                151
            


                    Malibu
                


                15,091
            



                152
            


                    Santa Fe Springs
                


                15,041
            



                153
            


                    Rancho Cordova
                


                15,000
            



                154
            


                    Citrus Heights
                


                14,830
            



                155
            


                    Chino Hills
                


                14,781
            



                156
            


                    Compton
                


                14,606
            



                157
            


                    Mill Valley
                


                14,602
            



                158
            


                    Hacienda Heights
                


                14,555
            



                159
            


                    Fairfield
                


                14,554
            



                160
            


                    San Juan Capistrano
                


                14,549
            



                161
            


                    Victorville
                


                14,464
            



                162
            


                    Vallejo
                


                14,397
            



                163
            


                    La Puente
                


                14,385
            



                164
            


                    Santa Clarita
                


                14,035
            



                165
            


                    Rosemead
                


                13,979
            



                166
            


                    Poway
                


                13,905
            



                167
            


                    Monterey
                


                13,725
            



                168
            


                    Pacific Palisades
                


                13,441
            



                169
            


                    Granada Hills
                


                13,276
            



                170
            


                    South El Monte
                


                13,167
            



                171
            


                    San Pedro
                


                13,145
            



                172
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                12,967
            



                173
            


                    Rocklin
                


                12,960
            



                174
            


                    Tracy
                


                12,667
            



                175
            


                    Reseda
                


                12,635
            



                176
            


                    Auburn
                


                12,633
            



                177
            


                    Hemet
                


                12,430
            



                178
            


                    Dana Point
                


                12,358
            



                179
            


                    La Habra
                


                12,202
            



                180
            


                    Vacaville
                


                12,186
            



                181
            


                    Richmond
                


                12,161
            



                182
            


                    Lafayette
                


                12,083
            



                183
            


                    Saratoga
                


                11,971
            



                184
            


                    Daly City
                


                11,801
            



                185
            


                    Del Mar
                


                11,698
            



                186
            


                    Glendora
                


                11,657
            



                187
            


                    Antioch
                


                11,640
            



                188
            


                    Solana Beach
                


                11,488
            



                189
            


                    San Carlos
                


                11,449
            



                190
            


                    Yuba City
                


                11,371
            



                191
            


                    City of Industry
                


                11,265
            



                192
            


                    Lodi
                


                11,253
            



                193
            


                    Rancho Palos Verdes
                


                11,217
            



                194
            


                    Carmichael
                


                11,207
            



                195
            


                    Placentia
                


                11,183
            



                196
            


                    Palos Verdes Peninsula
                


                11,089
            



                197
            


                    Dublin
                


                11,072
            



                198
            


                    Lakewood
                


                11,011
            



                199
            


                    Norwalk
                


                11,009
            



                200
            


                    Hesperia
                


                10,975
            



                201
            


                    Fallbrook
                


                10,864
            



                202
            


                    San Dimas
                


                10,716
            



                203
            


                    Bellflower
                


                10,697
            



                204
            


                    Cypress
                


                10,635
            



                205
            


                    Morgan Hill
                


                10,621
            



                206
            


                    Fair Oaks
                


                10,559
            



                207
            


                    Monrovia
                


                10,545
            



                208
            


                    Montebello
                


                10,527
            



                209
            


                    Grass Valley
                


                10,502
            



                210
            


                    Sylmar
                


                10,495
            



                211
            


                    El Dorado Hills
                


                10,428
            



                212
            


                    Davis
                


                10,405
            



                213
            


                    Rancho Santa Margarita
                


                10,366
            



                214
            


                    Newbury Park
                


                10,343
            



                215
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                10,266
            



                216
            


                    Valley Village
                


                10,265
            



                217
            


                    La Mirada
                


                10,241
            



                218
            


                    Paso Robles
                


                10,221
            



                219
            


                    Apple Valley
                


                10,173
            



                220
            


                    Indio
                


                10,157
            



                221
            


                    Canyon Country
                


                10,155
            



                222
            


                    Hermosa Beach
                


                10,115
            



                223
            


                    Union City
                


                10,110
            



                224
            


                    Baldwin Park
                


                10,047
            



                225
            


                    Emeryville
                


                9,905
            



                226
            


                    South Pasadena
                


                9,820
            



                227
            


                    Sausalito
                


                9,766
            



                228
            


                    Temple City
                


                9,659
            



                229
            


                    Lake Elsinore
                


                9,527
            



                230
            


                    Castro Valley
                


                9,440
            



                231
            


                    Rancho Santa Fe
                


                9,412
            



                232
            


                    Turlock
                


                9,336
            



                233
            


                    Sonoma
                


                9,281
            



                234
            


                    Los Alamitos
                


                9,146
            



                235
            


                    Merced
                


                9,030
            



                236
            


                    La Quinta
                


                9,024
            



                237
            


                    Watsonville
                


                9,014
            



                238
            


                    Claremont
                


                8,997
            



                239
            


                    West Hills
                


                8,995
            



                240
            


                    Gilroy
                


                8,993
            



                241
            


                    Corona Del Mar
                


                8,913
            



                242
            


                    Santee
                


                8,887
            



                243
            


                    Rialto
                


                8,828
            



                244
            


                    Pleasant Hill
                


                8,778
            



                245
            


                    Brentwood
                


                8,665
            



                246
            


                    National City
                


                8,538
            



                247
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                8,508
            



                248
            


                    San Marino
                


                8,450
            



                249
            


                    Granite Bay
                


                8,415
            



                250
            


                    Rancho Mirage
                


                8,310
            



                251
            


                    Martinez
                


                8,290
            



                252
            


                    Madera
                


                8,243
            



                253
            


                    Paramount
                


                8,214
            



                254
            


                    Sebastopol
                


                8,185
            



                255
            


                    Belmont
                


                8,169
            



                256
            


                    South Gate
                


                8,116
            



                257
            


                    Manteca
                


                8,112
            



                258
            


                    Newark
                


                8,087
            



                259
            


                    Perris
                


                8,064
            



                260
            


                    La Crescenta
                


                7,984
            



                261
            


                    Eureka
                


                7,941
            



                262
            


                    West Sacramento
                


                7,854
            



                263
            


                    San Bruno
                


                7,788
            



                264
            


                    Woodland
                


                7,730
            



                265
            


                    Seal Beach
                


                7,695
            



                266
            


                    Goleta
                


                7,562
            



                267
            


                    Altadena
                


                7,522
            



                268
            


                    Placerville
                


                7,494
            



                269
            


                    Cathedral City
                


                7,479
            



                270
            


                    Moorpark
                


                7,420
            



                271
            


                    Huntington Park
                


                7,374
            



                272
            


                    Newhall
                


                7,302
            



                273
            


                    Coronado
                


                7,293
            



                274
            


                    North Hills
                


                7,148
            



                275
            


                    Orinda
                


                7,118
            



                276
            


                    Ramona
                


                6,989
            



                277
            


                    Aptos
                


                6,986
            



                278
            


                    Porter Ranch
                


                6,968
            



                279
            


                    Trabuco Canyon
                


                6,830
            



                280
            


                    La Verne
                


                6,796
            



                281
            


                    Panorama City
                


                6,776
            



                282
            


                    Pittsburg
                


                6,760
            



                283
            


                    Arroyo Grande
                


                6,748
            



                284
            


                    Yucaipa
                


                6,735
            



                285
            


                    Colton
                


                6,683
            



                286
            


                    Azusa
                


                6,624
            



                287
            


                    Carmel
                


                6,588
            



                288
            


                    Pico Rivera
                


                6,586
            



                289
            


                    Lincoln
                


                6,556
            



                290
            


                    Pacoima
                


                6,513
            



                291
            


                    Truckee
                


                6,483
            



                292
            


                    Benicia
                


                6,453
            



                293
            


                    South Lake Tahoe
                


                6,422
            



                294
            


                    Hanford
                


                6,380
            



                295
            


                    Atascadero
                


                6,336
            



                296
            


                    Lakeside
                


                6,291
            



                297
            


                    Norco
                


                6,221
            



                298
            


                    Montclair
                


                6,217
            



                299
            


                    Winnetka
                


                6,206
            



                300
            


                    Alamo
                


                6,202
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Santa Barbara, California Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Santa Barbara, CA Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

California








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Esperer Holdings, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
D. S. Sorensen
Shannon P. Sorensen
David S. Sorensen










Pivit Global, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Justin Sparks










Olaplex LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Dean V. Christal










Fiore Management LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Adrian Sedlin
Richard E. Fisher










Quest Diagnostics Incorporated

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        










Omnis Mineral Technologies, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Omnis Global Technologies, LLC
Simon Hodson










Lehrer Family Properties, L.P.

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Seymour Lehrer
Shirley Lehrer
Ellen L. Orlando










Prime Source Enterprises, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Murray Kerdman










Trico Leasing Company, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Cubes Inc










Prospect Hotels LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Neil Dipaola
Mesa Lane Holdings LLC
Ryan Miller










Omnis Global Technologies, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hodson Investments, LLC










Greenwich Investors Xxxv Reo, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wmd Asset Management LLC
Wmd Asset Management










Scm Dfw Lakes Sidecar, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Somera Capital Management, LLC










C. E. Howard Corporation

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Dick Madison










Ferno Grills, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Peck Euwer










Partners Personnel Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Scott Garber










Riviera Pch, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Pacific Apartment Homes, LLC










Martin Energy Associates, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mathew Sheldon Martin
David R. Martin










Hi-Luck, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Yue Wu










Lull Ventures, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sven Klein










Crr Investors, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Charles Rudd










Power Purpose Marketing, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        










Prospect Hotel Management, Inc

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Neil Dipaola










Phi Building Systems, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sonny Urzua










4 Rascals, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        










Windy Hill Brands, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        










Arborology, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        










Eb Supply Chain Holdings LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        










Anarad, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Hammond










Infinity Wind Holdings, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Aaron Zubaty
Matt Riley
Derek Harding










Kinevan Ranch, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joan K. Gresh
Mark T. Kinevan
Mark T Kinevan Trustee










Montesano Group, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gasper Gene Montesano
Gene Montesano










Blazing Oak Inc

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Phillip L. Stephen
Julia A. Stephen










Hurst Family San Andres Lp

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hurst Enterprises, Inc.










Buck McDonald Productions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Steve O'Brien
Donna Henry
David Ross










Xclusive Sports Management, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kyle Dison
Matt Lohn










Landmark Ranch Properties, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jon M. Ziehl
Landmark Investments, LLC










Gordon III Properties II, LLC

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sharon Gordon
James C "Jc" Gordon










Alanmar Asset Management Inc

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
C. William Braun










Advanced Services Law Group, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Scott J. Kvancz




















                    Recently found companies in Santa Barbara
                





Company
Found




El Centro Building LLC


                22 days ago
            



Abundant Wealth Partners, LLC


                22 days ago
            



68 Metsko Lane, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Tmc Management Consulting, LLC


                22 days ago
            



436 Bath, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Kb Construction and Design LLC


                22 days ago
            



Cabanta, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Bath Street Partners, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Igsb Ivp IV, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Igsb Internal Venture Fund IV, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Mam Company, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Valerio Consulting, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Sophisticated Gypsy, LLC, The


                22 days ago
            



Job and Language Group LLC


                22 days ago
            



Monarch Estate Management LLC


                22 days ago
            



Miso Hungry, Lp


                22 days ago
            



Compliant Lady LLC


                22 days ago
            



Partners Personnel - Gold Coast II, Corp.


                22 days ago
            



Teyte, Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Partners Personnel - Gold Coast III, Corp.


                22 days ago
            



Partners Personnel - Gold Coast, Corp.


                22 days ago
            



Michael Shenoda, M.D., Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Handlebar Cafe, Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Sv Drive Home Owners Association


                22 days ago
            



Santa Barbara Young Professionals Club Foundation


                22 days ago
            



El Pescadero Stupa Fund


                22 days ago
            



Blue Bee Apparel Company


                22 days ago
            



Indikeat Corporation


                22 days ago
            



Opulent Beach Rentals, LLC


                29 days ago
            



900 Park Lane, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Sudabe, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Beach Baby Nannies LLC


                29 days ago
            



Love of The Game Books, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Amazon Stores 4 You LLC


                29 days ago
            



240 Las Entradas, LLC


                29 days ago
            



De La Guerra Ventures, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Clarity Ventures VI, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Rise Coffee Roasters, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Chief USA, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Sweat Republic LLC


                29 days ago
            



Lone Palm, Inc.


                29 days ago
            



Iconic Services, Inc.


                29 days ago
            



Matthew B. Koger, MD A Professional Corporation


                29 days ago
            



Sitio De Arte Popular Inc.


                29 days ago
            



Day 1 Dynamics


                29 days ago
            



Creature Comforts Inc


                29 days ago
            



Partners Personnel - Management Services, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Ak Investors, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Goodland Partners, LLC


                1 month ago
            



CCGW1 Lp


                1 month ago
            








Top cities in California





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                799,067
            



                2
            


                    San Diego
                


                349,385
            



                3
            


                    San Francisco
                


                318,067
            



                4
            


                    San Jose
                


                179,352
            



                5
            


                    Sacramento
                


                146,372
            



                6
            


                    Irvine
                


                137,616
            



                7
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                115,428
            



                8
            


                    Newport Beach
                


                93,146
            



                9
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                89,770
            



                10
            


                    Oakland
                


                89,047
            



                11
            


                    Long Beach
                


                88,013
            



                12
            


                    Fresno
                


                80,971
            



                13
            


                    Santa Ana
                


                76,441
            



                14
            


                    Anaheim
                


                75,623
            



                15
            


                    Glendale
                


                73,389
            



                16
            


                    Bakersfield
                


                67,524
            



                17
            


                    Pasadena
                


                64,698
            



                18
            


                    Riverside
                


                63,638
            



                19
            


                    Torrance
                


                59,866
            



                20
            


                    Huntington Beach
                


                58,605
            



                21
            


                    Encino
                


                53,896
            



                22
            


                    Woodland Hills
                


                53,518
            



                23
            


                    Santa Barbara
                


                51,953
            



                24
            


                    Costa Mesa
                


                51,517
            



                25
            


                    Orange
                


                50,335
            



                26
            


                    Sherman Oaks
                


                50,045
            



                27
            


                    Burbank
                


                48,406
            



                28
            


                    Palo Alto
                


                48,091
            



                29
            


                    Fremont
                


                48,000
            



                30
            


                    Carlsbad
                


                47,048
            



                31
            


                    Van Nuys
                


                46,072
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                42,617
            



                33
            


                    Santa Rosa
                


                42,557
            



                34
            


                    North Hollywood
                


                41,253
            



                35
            


                    San Mateo
                


                41,067
            



                36
            


                    Stockton
                


                39,492
            



                37
            


                    Santa Clara
                


                38,274
            



                38
            


                    Rancho Cucamonga
                


                36,698
            



                39
            


                    Walnut Creek
                


                35,790
            



                40
            


                    Chula Vista
                


                34,464
            



                41
            


                    La Jolla
                


                34,000
            



                42
            


                    Sunnyvale
                


                33,792
            



                43
            


                    Fullerton
                


                33,733
            



                44
            


                    Escondido
                


                33,649
            



                45
            


                    Garden Grove
                


                33,250
            



                46
            


                    Modesto
                


                33,096
            



                47
            


                    Berkeley
                


                32,758
            



                48
            


                    West Hollywood
                


                32,385
            



                49
            


                    Temecula
                


                32,003
            



                50
            


                    Tustin
                


                31,029
            



                51
            


                    Roseville
                


                30,902
            



                52
            


                    Ontario
                


                30,551
            



                53
            


                    El Cajon
                


                30,360
            



                54
            


                    Redwood City
                


                29,912
            



                55
            


                    Hayward
                


                29,823
            



                56
            


                    Arcadia
                


                29,379
            



                57
            


                    Thousand Oaks
                


                29,135
            



                58
            


                    Oceanside
                


                29,089
            



                59
            


                    Ventura
                


                29,076
            



                60
            


                    Alhambra
                


                29,007
            



                61
            


                    San Rafael
                


                28,826
            



                62
            


                    Mission Viejo
                


                28,037
            



                63
            


                    San Bernardino
                


                27,266
            



                64
            


                    Culver City
                


                26,766
            



                65
            


                    Redondo Beach
                


                26,495
            



                66
            


                    Gardena
                


                26,194
            



                67
            


                    Mountain View
                


                26,120
            



                68
            


                    Simi Valley
                


                25,653
            



                69
            


                    Calabasas
                


                25,004
            



                70
            


                    Whittier
                


                24,942
            



                71
            


                    Concord
                


                24,930
            



                72
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                24,750
            



                73
            


                    San Clemente
                


                24,265
            



                74
            


                    Encinitas
                


                24,215
            



                75
            


                    Menlo Park
                


                24,054
            



                76
            


                    Murrieta
                


                23,875
            



                77
            


                    Northridge
                


                23,777
            



                78
            


                    Oxnard
                


                23,294
            



                79
            


                    Inglewood
                


                23,085
            



                80
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                23,012
            



                81
            


                    Laguna Niguel
                


                22,753
            



                82
            


                    Redding
                


                22,679
            



                83
            


                    Fontana
                


                22,678
            



                84
            


                    Vista
                


                22,678
            



                85
            


                    Monterey Park
                


                22,674
            



                86
            


                    Studio City
                


                22,417
            



                87
            


                    Marina Del Rey
                


                22,316
            



                88
            


                    Palm Desert
                


                22,140
            



                89
            


                    Napa
                


                22,104
            



                90
            


                    Santa Cruz
                


                21,987
            



                91
            


                    Burlingame
                


                21,744
            



                92
            


                    San Ramon
                


                21,744
            



                93
            


                    Walnut
                


                21,646
            



                94
            


                    Tarzana
                


                21,532
            



                95
            


                    Valencia
                


                21,496
            



                96
            


                    San Gabriel
                


                21,443
            



                97
            


                    Los Gatos
                


                21,370
            



                98
            


                    Upland
                


                21,308
            



                99
            


                    Salinas
                


                21,077
            



                100
            


                    Downey
                


                20,976
            



                101
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                20,812
            



                102
            


                    San Marcos
                


                20,479
            



                103
            


                    Manhattan Beach
                


                20,454
            



                104
            


                    Rowland Heights
                


                20,228
            



                105
            


                    Lancaster
                


                20,170
            



                106
            


                    Camarillo
                


                20,077
            



                107
            


                    Chatsworth
                


                20,045
            



                108
            


                    Laguna Hills
                


                19,889
            



                109
            


                    West Covina
                


                19,518
            



                110
            


                    Westminster
                


                19,387
            



                111
            


                    Lake Forest
                


                19,230
            



                112
            


                    Pomona
                


                19,226
            



                113
            


                    Cupertino
                


                19,151
            



                114
            


                    Visalia
                


                19,151
            



                115
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                19,127
            



                116
            


                    Chino
                


                19,120
            



                117
            


                    La Mesa
                


                19,111
            



                118
            


                    Danville
                


                19,049
            



                119
            


                    Canoga Park
                


                18,952
            



                120
            


                    Los Altos
                


                18,895
            



                121
            


                    Fountain Valley
                


                18,721
            



                122
            


                    Cerritos
                


                18,507
            



                123
            


                    Yorba Linda
                


                18,303
            



                124
            


                    Chico
                


                18,269
            



                125
            


                    Campbell
                


                18,188
            



                126
            


                    San Leandro
                


                18,103
            



                127
            


                    San Luis Obispo
                


                17,902
            



                128
            


                    El Monte
                


                17,776
            



                129
            


                    Diamond Bar
                


                17,721
            



                130
            


                    Palmdale
                


                17,572
            



                131
            


                    Laguna Beach
                


                17,372
            



                132
            


                    Brea
                


                16,964
            



                133
            


                    Moreno Valley
                


                16,908
            



                134
            


                    Venice
                


                16,878
            



                135
            


                    Milpitas
                


                16,869
            



                136
            


                    El Segundo
                


                16,820
            



                137
            


                    Carson
                


                16,609
            



                138
            


                    Aliso Viejo
                


                16,433
            



                139
            


                    Buena Park
                


                16,365
            



                140
            


                    Agoura Hills
                


                16,341
            



                141
            


                    Novato
                


                16,215
            



                142
            


                    Covina
                


                16,187
            



                143
            


                    Clovis
                


                16,129
            



                144
            


                    Livermore
                


                16,098
            



                145
            


                    Petaluma
                


                16,043
            



                146
            


                    Redlands
                


                16,040
            



                147
            


                    Folsom
                


                15,585
            



                148
            


                    Santa Maria
                


                15,556
            



                149
            


                    South San Francisco
                


                15,154
            



                150
            


                    Alameda
                


                15,108
            



                151
            


                    Malibu
                


                15,091
            



                152
            


                    Santa Fe Springs
                


                15,041
            



                153
            


                    Rancho Cordova
                


                15,000
            



                154
            


                    Citrus Heights
                


                14,830
            



                155
            


                    Chino Hills
                


                14,781
            



                156
            


                    Compton
                


                14,606
            



                157
            


                    Mill Valley
                


                14,602
            



                158
            


                    Hacienda Heights
                


                14,555
            



                159
            


                    Fairfield
                


                14,554
            



                160
            


                    San Juan Capistrano
                


                14,549
            



                161
            


                    Victorville
                


                14,464
            



                162
            


                    Vallejo
                


                14,397
            



                163
            


                    La Puente
                


                14,385
            



                164
            


                    Santa Clarita
                


                14,035
            



                165
            


                    Rosemead
                


                13,979
            



                166
            


                    Poway
                


                13,905
            



                167
            


                    Monterey
                


                13,725
            



                168
            


                    Pacific Palisades
                


                13,441
            



                169
            


                    Granada Hills
                


                13,276
            



                170
            


                    South El Monte
                


                13,167
            



                171
            


                    San Pedro
                


                13,145
            



                172
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                12,967
            



                173
            


                    Rocklin
                


                12,960
            



                174
            


                    Tracy
                


                12,667
            



                175
            


                    Reseda
                


                12,635
            



                176
            


                    Auburn
                


                12,633
            



                177
            


                    Hemet
                


                12,430
            



                178
            


                    Dana Point
                


                12,358
            



                179
            


                    La Habra
                


                12,202
            



                180
            


                    Vacaville
                


                12,186
            



                181
            


                    Richmond
                


                12,161
            



                182
            


                    Lafayette
                


                12,083
            



                183
            


                    Saratoga
                


                11,971
            



                184
            


                    Daly City
                


                11,801
            



                185
            


                    Del Mar
                


                11,698
            



                186
            


                    Glendora
                


                11,657
            



                187
            


                    Antioch
                


                11,640
            



                188
            


                    Solana Beach
                


                11,488
            



                189
            


                    San Carlos
                


                11,449
            



                190
            


                    Yuba City
                


                11,371
            



                191
            


                    City of Industry
                


                11,265
            



                192
            


                    Lodi
                


                11,253
            



                193
            


                    Rancho Palos Verdes
                


                11,217
            



                194
            


                    Carmichael
                


                11,207
            



                195
            


                    Placentia
                


                11,183
            



                196
            


                    Palos Verdes Peninsula
                


                11,089
            



                197
            


                    Dublin
                


                11,072
            



                198
            


                    Lakewood
                


                11,011
            



                199
            


                    Norwalk
                


                11,009
            



                200
            


                    Hesperia
                


                10,975
            



                201
            


                    Fallbrook
                


                10,864
            



                202
            


                    San Dimas
                


                10,716
            



                203
            


                    Bellflower
                


                10,697
            



                204
            


                    Cypress
                


                10,635
            



                205
            


                    Morgan Hill
                


                10,621
            



                206
            


                    Fair Oaks
                


                10,559
            



                207
            


                    Monrovia
                


                10,545
            



                208
            


                    Montebello
                


                10,527
            



                209
            


                    Grass Valley
                


                10,502
            



                210
            


                    Sylmar
                


                10,495
            



                211
            


                    El Dorado Hills
                


                10,428
            



                212
            


                    Davis
                


                10,405
            



                213
            


                    Rancho Santa Margarita
                


                10,366
            



                214
            


                    Newbury Park
                


                10,343
            



                215
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                10,266
            



                216
            


                    Valley Village
                


                10,265
            



                217
            


                    La Mirada
                


                10,241
            



                218
            


                    Paso Robles
                


                10,221
            



                219
            


                    Apple Valley
                


                10,173
            



                220
            


                    Indio
                


                10,157
            



                221
            


                    Canyon Country
                


                10,155
            



                222
            


                    Hermosa Beach
                


                10,115
            



                223
            


                    Union City
                


                10,110
            



                224
            


                    Baldwin Park
                


                10,047
            



                225
            


                    Emeryville
                


                9,905
            



                226
            


                    South Pasadena
                


                9,820
            



                227
            


                    Sausalito
                


                9,766
            



                228
            


                    Temple City
                


                9,659
            



                229
            


                    Lake Elsinore
                


                9,527
            



                230
            


                    Castro Valley
                


                9,440
            



                231
            


                    Rancho Santa Fe
                


                9,412
            



                232
            


                    Turlock
                


                9,336
            



                233
            


                    Sonoma
                


                9,281
            



                234
            


                    Los Alamitos
                


                9,146
            



                235
            


                    Merced
                


                9,030
            



                236
            


                    La Quinta
                


                9,024
            



                237
            


                    Watsonville
                


                9,014
            



                238
            


                    Claremont
                


                8,997
            



                239
            


                    West Hills
                


                8,995
            



                240
            


                    Gilroy
                


                8,993
            



                241
            


                    Corona Del Mar
                


                8,913
            



                242
            


                    Santee
                


                8,887
            



                243
            


                    Rialto
                


                8,828
            



                244
            


                    Pleasant Hill
                


                8,778
            



                245
            


                    Brentwood
                


                8,665
            



                246
            


                    National City
                


                8,538
            



                247
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                8,508
            



                248
            


                    San Marino
                


                8,450
            



                249
            


                    Granite Bay
                


                8,415
            



                250
            


                    Rancho Mirage
                


                8,310
            



                251
            


                    Martinez
                


                8,290
            



                252
            


                    Madera
                


                8,243
            



                253
            


                    Paramount
                


                8,214
            



                254
            


                    Sebastopol
                


                8,185
            



                255
            


                    Belmont
                


                8,169
            



                256
            


                    South Gate
                


                8,116
            



                257
            


                    Manteca
                


                8,112
            



                258
            


                    Newark
                


                8,087
            



                259
            


                    Perris
                


                8,064
            



                260
            


                    La Crescenta
                


                7,984
            



                261
            


                    Eureka
                


                7,941
            



                262
            


                    West Sacramento
                


                7,854
            



                263
            


                    San Bruno
                


                7,788
            



                264
            


                    Woodland
                


                7,730
            



                265
            


                    Seal Beach
                


                7,695
            



                266
            


                    Goleta
                


                7,562
            



                267
            


                    Altadena
                


                7,522
            



                268
            


                    Placerville
                


                7,494
            



                269
            


                    Cathedral City
                


                7,479
            



                270
            


                    Moorpark
                


                7,420
            



                271
            


                    Huntington Park
                


                7,374
            



                272
            


                    Newhall
                


                7,302
            



                273
            


                    Coronado
                


                7,293
            



                274
            


                    North Hills
                


                7,148
            



                275
            


                    Orinda
                


                7,118
            



                276
            


                    Ramona
                


                6,989
            



                277
            


                    Aptos
                


                6,986
            



                278
            


                    Porter Ranch
                


                6,968
            



                279
            


                    Trabuco Canyon
                


                6,830
            



                280
            


                    La Verne
                


                6,796
            



                281
            


                    Panorama City
                


                6,776
            



                282
            


                    Pittsburg
                


                6,760
            



                283
            


                    Arroyo Grande
                


                6,748
            



                284
            


                    Yucaipa
                


                6,735
            



                285
            


                    Colton
                


                6,683
            



                286
            


                    Azusa
                


                6,624
            



                287
            


                    Carmel
                


                6,588
            



                288
            


                    Pico Rivera
                


                6,586
            



                289
            


                    Lincoln
                


                6,556
            



                290
            


                    Pacoima
                


                6,513
            



                291
            


                    Truckee
                


                6,483
            



                292
            


                    Benicia
                


                6,453
            



                293
            


                    South Lake Tahoe
                


                6,422
            



                294
            


                    Hanford
                


                6,380
            



                295
            


                    Atascadero
                


                6,336
            



                296
            


                    Lakeside
                


                6,291
            



                297
            


                    Norco
                


                6,221
            



                298
            


                    Montclair
                


                6,217
            



                299
            


                    Winnetka
                


                6,206
            



                300
            


                    Alamo
                


                6,202
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.
















LIXIVIA, INC., Patent Owner, SANTA BARBARA, CA, US























































Patent Buddy

Sign In     |     Join Today





















Free



Premium



Professional



Enterprise








Patent Searching

 

 

 



Technology Searching






Owner and Inventor Searching






Patent Analytics






Owner Analytics






Attorney Analytics






Inventor Analytics






Technology Analytics






Mobile Searching






Tagging






Advanced Patent Analytics

 

 

 



Advanced Owner Analytics






Mobile Portfolio/Analytics






Detailed Attorney Information






Prosecution analytics






Pre-publication Data






Monthly PAIR Information and Watches







						Number of patents in all portfolios
						
100 (maximum)
1000 (maximum)
2000 (maximum)
Unlimited


Follows
							in all categories (Watch)

						10 (maximum)
						
50 (maximum)
500 (maximum)
Unlimited


Maximum number of portfolios
5 (maximum)
10 (maximum)
100 (maximum)
Unlimited


Maximum number of comparisons
1 (maximum)
 
5 (maximum)
 
20 (maximum)
 
Unlimited










FREE

 

$9.95/mo

 

$39.95/mo

 

$99.95/mo



 
 
 
 
 
 



PAIR
									Watch Weekly Update
$2.75/mo/patent
$2.65/mo/patent


PAIR
									Watch Daily Update
$5.75/mo/patent
$5.55/mo/patent


Upgrade Now

 
Upgrade Now

 
Upgrade Now

 
Upgrade Now










Welcome to PatentBuddy 2.0!  Please enjoy the 30+ day free trial of our  level membership.  If you wish to continue with a paid membership, please select a membership plan before the year end expiration date.  Otherwise, all portfolios and followings will be reset to our free membership plan after the expiration date.






Free



Premium



Professional



Enterprise








Patent Searching

 

 

 



Technology Searching






Owner and Inventor Searching






Patent Analytics






Owner Analytics






Attorney Analytics






Inventor Analytics






Technology Analytics






Mobile Searching






Tagging






Advanced Patent Analytics

 

 

 



Advanced Owner Analytics






Mobile Portfolio/Analytics






Detailed Attorney Information






Prosecution analytics






Pre-publication Data






Monthly PAIR Information and Watches







						Number of patents in all portfolios
						
100 (maximum)
1000 (maximum)
2000 (maximum)
Unlimited


Follows
							in all categories (Watch)

						10 (maximum)
						
50 (maximum)
500 (maximum)
Unlimited


Maximum number of portfolios
5 (maximum)
10 (maximum)
100 (maximum)
Unlimited


Maximum number of comparisons
1 (maximum)
 
5 (maximum)
 
20 (maximum)
 
Unlimited










FREE

 

$9.95/mo

 

$39.95/mo

 

$99.95/mo



 
 
 
 
 
 



PAIR
									Watch Weekly Update
$2.75/mo/patent
$2.65/mo/patent


PAIR
									Watch Daily Update
$5.75/mo/patent
$5.55/mo/patent


Upgrade Now

 
Upgrade Now

 
Upgrade Now

 
Upgrade Now









Please Confirm Your Upgraded Plan Purchase By Selecting Upgrade Button

  Yearly (Get 12 months for the price of 11!)  MonthlyUPGRADECANCEL












Free



Premium



Professional



Enterprise








Patent Searching

 

 

 



Technology Searching






Owner and Inventor Searching






Patent Analytics






Owner Analytics






Attorney Analytics






Inventor Analytics






Technology Analytics






Mobile Searching






Tagging






Advanced Patent Analytics

 

 

 



Advanced Owner Analytics






Mobile Portfolio/Analytics






Detailed Attorney Information






Prosecution analytics






Pre-publication Data






Monthly PAIR Information and Watches







						Number of patents in all portfolios
						
100 (maximum)
1000 (maximum)
2000 (maximum)
Unlimited


Follows
							in all categories (Watch)

						10 (maximum)
						
50 (maximum)
500 (maximum)
Unlimited


Maximum number of portfolios
5 (maximum)
10 (maximum)
100 (maximum)
Unlimited


Maximum number of comparisons
1 (maximum)
 
5 (maximum)
 
20 (maximum)
 
Unlimited










FREE

 

$9.95/mo

 

$39.95/mo

 

$99.95/mo



 
 
 
 
 
 



PAIR
									Watch Weekly Update
$2.75/mo/patent
$2.65/mo/patent


PAIR
									Watch Daily Update
$5.75/mo/patent
$5.55/mo/patent


Upgrade Now

 
Upgrade Now

 
Upgrade Now

 
Upgrade Now










Please Confirm Your Upgraded Plan Purchase By Selecting Upgrade Button

  Yearly (Get 12 months for the price of 11!)  MonthlyUPGRADECANCEL

















false



LIXIVIA, INC.
Patent Owner







Follow
Compare
Add to Portfolio

1Status Updates


Stats


								
							3 
								
							  US PATENTS IN FORCE


								
							5
								
							 
					 US APPLICATIONS PENDING


Jul 04, 2017
 most recent publication





Details


							
								
							3
							
					 Issued Patents

							
								
							3
							
					 Issued in last 3 years

							
								
							5
							
					 Published in last 3 years


 
								
							0
							
					 Total Citation Count

							
							
								
							Nov 06, 2013
							
					 Earliest Filing

							
								
							0
							
					 Expired/Abandoned/Withdrawn Patents




Patent Activity in the Last 10 Years





Technologies


back





Intl Class
Technology
Matters
Rank in Class





 

 


 C22B PRODUCTION OR REFINING OF METALS 819 SubclassesTop Owners


 

 


 C07C ACYCLIC OR CARBOCYCLIC COMPOUNDS 1128 SubclassesTop Owners



Show Top 10
										…







Intl Class
Technology
Matters
Rank in Class









Top Patents (by citation)




Upgrade to the Premium Level to View Top Patents for this Owner.
Learn More







Recent Publications


Publication #
Title
Filing Date
Pub Date
Intl Class


2017/0175,229 METHODS AND COMPOSITION FOR SEQUENTIAL ISOLATION OF RARE EARTH ELEMENTSMar 03, 17Jun 22, 17[C22B]2017/0166,994 LIXIVIANT FOR RARE EARTH PRODUCTIONNov 21, 16Jun 15, 17[C22B, C07C]2016/0281,192 MAKING MINERAL SALTS FROM VARIOUS SOURCESMar 31, 16Sep 29, 16[C22B]2016/0237,525 SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR ALKALINE EARTH PRODUCTIONMar 08, 16Aug 18, 16[C22B]2015/0125,367 Systems and Methods for Alkaline Earth ProductionNov 25, 14May 07, 15[C22B]





Recent Patents


Patent #
Title
Filing Date
Issue Date
Intl Class


9695490 Refining agents for alkaline earth productionNov 06, 13Jul 04, 17[C22B]9499881 Refining methods and agents for rare earth productionDec 04, 13Nov 22, 16[C22B]9347111 Making mineral salts from various sourcesNov 06, 13May 24, 16[C22B]




Expired/Abandoned/Withdrawn Patents



					
					No Patents to Display
					
						





Top Inventors for This Owner




Upgrade to the Premium Level to View Top Inventors for this Owner.
Learn More








Add Patents to Portfolio


  Existing Portfolios  Create New Portfolio


									Add Portfolio
								

 

User Portfolios

  
								You have not yet added any portfolios.
							

 
							OK
						
 





















We are sorry but your current selection exceeds the maximum number of comparisons () for this membership level. Upgrade to our  Level for up to -1 comparisons!












We are sorry but your current selection exceeds the maximum number of portfolios (0) for this membership level. Upgrade to our  Level for up to -1 portfolios!.


























Discover the top patent resource on the web.
Create a Patent Buddy account today and discover why over 250,000 people currently use Patent Buddy as a patent analytics resource.
Join TodayNo credit card required
Already have an account? Sign In ›







Note
The template below is formatted to ensure compatibility with our system.
							Provide tags with | separated like (tags1|tags2).

Mandatory Fields * - 'MatterType','AppType','Country','Title','SerialNo'.

Acceptable Date Format - 'MM/DD/YYYY'.

Acceptable Filing/App Types - 

Continuation/Divisional
Original
Paris Convention
PCT National
With Priority
EP Validation
Provisional Conversion
Reissue
Provisional
Foreign Extension

Acceptable Status - 

Pending
Abandoned
Unfiled
Expired
Granted

Acceptable Matter Types - 

Patent
Utility Model
Supplemental Protection Certificate
Design
Inventor Certificate
Plant
Statutory Invention Reg



Advertisement


  




Advertisement

Email Yourself the App Links



Advertisement






Advertisement





Advertisement





Recipient Email Address 


Send Email





Recipient Email Address 

Send Email



Comment 







Recipient Email Address 

Send Email






Success
E-mail has been sent successfully.




Failure
Some error occured while sending email. Please check e-mail and try again!








We are sorry but your current membership does not allow you access to this feature. Upgrade to our Premium Level to View Top Owners in Class/Subclass!



Learn More












View Full Site

	Copyright 2017 PatentBuddy.
Help | Advertise | Contact | Terms | Privacy | About Usfalse




Lixivia (Rare earth elements) Company Profile: Valuation & Investors | PitchBookLog in Request a free trialRequest a free trial Log inProductsProductsLeading data software for VC, PE and M&A The PitchBook Platform PitchBook MobileProduct OverviewThe PitchBook PlatformPitchBook Mobile AppAPI & Data FeedCRM & Excel PluginsCommitment to ServiceCustomer SuccessCustomer TestimonialsSolutionsSolutionsHow our clients use the PitchBook platformInvestment BanksVenture CapitalPrivate EquityLimited PartnersCorporate DevelopmentLendersLaw FirmsAccounting FirmsLearn about our platform Watch video tutorialsDataDataPrivate company profiles See our data at workResearch Learn more about our processComprehensive data coverageCompaniesInvestorsDealsPeopleLPsFinancialsFundsMergers & AquisitionsAdvisorsNews & AnalysisNews & Analysis Industry News & Analysis Download our latest report Sign up for our newsletter Private Company ProfilesAboutAbout Our Story Press & Media Center Careers at PitchBookOur PartnersEvent CalendarAdvertise with usContact usCompany Profilesdriven by the PitchBook PlatformDIRECTORYLixivia (Rare earth elements)www.lixivia-inc.comDescriptionDeveloper of a technology for extraction of Rare earth (REs) elements. The company extracts metals from a low-grade lime, steel slag, cement kiln dust, acetylene catalyst waste, fly ash and municipal waste ash.2013FoundedPRIVATEStatus1-10EmployeesSeries ALatest Deal Type$1.52MLatest Deal Amount$2.05MTotal Amount RaisedDescriptionDeveloper of a technology for extraction of Rare earth (REs) elements. The company extracts metals from a low-grade lime, steel slag, cement kiln dust, acetylene catalyst waste, fly ash and municipal waste ash.Website:www.lixivia-inc.comOwnership StatusPrivately Held (backing)Financing StatusVenture Capital-BackedPrimary IndustryOther Metals, Minerals and MiningOther IndustriesOther Chemicals and GasesPrimary Office527 Garden Street Santa Barbara, CA 93101United States +1 (805) 770-3900Request a free trial to the PitchBook PlatformYou're viewing a free company profile from the PitchBook Platform. To explore Lixivia (Rare earth elements)'s full profile, request a free trial.Lixivia (Rare earth elements) Valuation and FundingRequest accessDeal TypeDateAmountRaised to DatePost-ValStatusStageTo view this company's complete deal history including valuation and funding, request access »Lixivia (Rare earth elements) Cap TableStock# of SharesAuthorizedPar ValueDividend Rate (%)OriginalIssue PriceLiquidationLiquidationPref. MultipleConversionPrice% OwnedTo view this company's complete Cap Table, request access »Lixivia (Rare earth elements) Investors (1)Request accessInvestor NameInvestor TypeHoldingInvestor SinceParticipating RoundsBoardSeatContactInfoCycad GroupVenture CapitalMinority000 0000000 0000Cycad Group Venture CapitalYou're viewing 1 of 1 investors. Get the full list »Lixivia (Rare earth elements) Executive Team (2)NameTitleBoardSeatContactInfoMichael Wyrsta Ph.DFounder, Chief Executive Officer, President & Board MemberMark TilleyVice President, Business DevelopmentMichael Wyrsta Ph.D Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President & Board MemberMark Tilley Vice President, Business DevelopmentYou're viewing 2 of 2 executives. Get the full list »Lixivia (Rare earth elements) Board Members (2)NameRepresentingRoleSinceContactInfoK. Judson JDCycad GroupCo-Founder, President and Managing Director000 0000Michael Wyrsta Ph.DLixivia (Rare earth elements)Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President & Board Member000 0000K. Judson JD Co-Founder, President and Managing Director Cycad GroupMichael Wyrsta Ph.D Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President & Board Member Lixivia (Rare earth elements)You're viewing 2 of 2 board members. Get the full list »Request full access to PitchBook homeproductsolutionsdataNews & AnalysisaboutcareerscontactFree trialPitchBook for...Investment banksVenture capital firmsPrivate equity firmsLimited partnersCorporate developmentLendersLaw firmsAccounting firmsOur dataCompaniesInvestorsDealsPeopleLPsFinancialsFundsM&AAdvisorsResourcesPitchBook-NVCA partnershipVideo libraryCustomer testimonialsPress inquiriesAdvertise with usGet startedCompany profile directoryRequest researchRequest your profileSubmit a dealSubscribe to News & Analysisfollow usUS Headquarters+1 (206) 623.1986901 Fifth AvenueSuite 1200Seattle, WA 98164EUROPE Headquarters+44 (0)207.190.98091 Oliver’s Yard55-71 City RoadLondon EC1Y 1HQUnited KingdomNEW YORK+1 (206) 623.1986155 Fifth AvenueSuite 500New York, NY 10010GENERAL INQUIRIESinfo@pitchbook.com© 2017 PitchBook Data. All rights reserved. Venture capital, private equity and M&A data and technology provider.Site MapTerms of UsePrivacy Policy

Portfolio Companies | Cycad Group










Cycad Group

Home
Investment Strategy
Portfolio Companies
People
Contact


Portfolio Companies
The following is a list of current portfolio companies and some companies we have exited:

Advanced Bionics Corporation
Agile RF, Inc.
Alsius Corporation
Centaur Pharmaceuticals/Renovis
ClarVista Medical Inc.
Clean Diesel Technologies, Catalytic Solutions, Inc.
FzioMed Inc.
Genocea Biosciences
GRT, Inc.
Imaginab, Inc.
INTARCIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
Lixivia
OvaScience, Inc.
Sirtris
Sofie Biosciences, Inc.
Solaria Corp.
The NanoSteel Company
Tilford Pinson Exploration, LLC
Universal Space Network
Unity Biotechnology, Inc.
Urban Electric Power, Inc.
Visterra, Inc.
ZioPharm Oncology, Inc.



Advanced Bionics Corporation
Advanced Bionics® is dedicated to the development of neurostimulation products: implantable devices that generate sophisticated electrical pulses directed to nerves and muscles for the treatment of disabling conditions. Advanced Bionics technologies include treatments for deafness and chronic pain. The company is also developing other sophisticated neurostimulation devices to address additional challenges in many fields including blindness, tremor and spasticity, urinary incontinence, and functional restoration of paralyzed limbs. Advanced Bionics has been acquired by Boston Scientific Corporation. 


Agile RF, Inc.
Agile RF uses a novel material technology to design and fabricate tunable integrated components that have a wide range of applications in wireless communications. The key feature of Agile’s components and circuits is tunability; making their products much more than simply integrated passive circuits. Agile’s expertise in materials science and RF circuit design has enabled them to exploit the properties of newly developed thin film materials in innovative RF designs. Agile has exclusively licensed certain of its key technologies to TriQuint (Nasdaq:TNQT).


Alsius Corporation (Nasdaq CM: ALUS)
ALSIUS (Latin translation for “Cool”) is the worldwide leader in advanced patient temperature management therapies. Alsius Intravascular Temperature Management™ gives health care providers the power and control they need to rapidly, safely, and effectively manage the core body temperature of critically ill or surgical patients. Alsius has been acquired by a wholly-owned subsidiary of ZOLL Medical Corporation. (Nasdaq:ZOLL).


Centaur Pharmaceuticals Corporation/Renovis (Nasdaq GM: RNVS)
Centaur Pharmaceuticals developed a novel class of small molecule pharmaceutical compounds for the treatment of neurodegenerative and inflammatory diseases such as acute stroke, dementia, rheumatoid arthritis, myocardial ischemia and Parkinson’s disease. Renovis is a biopharmaceutical company with a primary focus on the discovery, development and commercialization of drugs to treat neurological diseases and disorders. Renovis acquired Centaur Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in December 2002.


ClarVista Medical Inc.
ClarVista has developed the Harmoni modular intra-ocular lens system. The two piece Harmoni IOL system enables vision optimization through better initial positioning of the lens, and the safe and easy exchange of the lens optic when required. Initial studies also indicate that the risk of development of secondary cataracts is significantly reduced by the Harmoni system.


Clean Diesel Technologies (NASDQ CM: CDTI) / Catalytic Solutions, Inc.
Clean Diesel Technologies (CDTI) and Catalytic Solutions, Inc. (CSI) is a vertically integrated global manufacturer and distributor of emissions control systems and products, focused in the heavy duty diesel (HDD) and light duty vehicle (LDV) markets. CSI invented Mixed Phase Catalyst (MPC®) technology, a fundamentally unique and patented materials technology for the development of catalysts for emissions control (environment) and chemical processes. CDTI and CSI merged in December 2010.


FzioMed Inc.
FzioMed is engaged in the development and commercialization of advanced, absorbable biosurgery products. FzioMed’s product platform is an innovative polymer technology called Oxiplex®. The properties of Oxiplex make it an ideal and versatile biosurgery material. A key focus for use of Oxiplex® is the prevention of post-surgical adhesions. Adhesions are abnormal fibrous bands of scar tissue that form attachments to normally independent organs and tissues. Adhesions create complications which may require further surgical intervention. 


Genocea Biosciences (Nasdaq:GNCA)
Genocea Biosciences has unique platform technology which rapidly identifies antigens that stimulate protective T-cell responses that are critical to generating protective and long-term immunity against a wide array of diseases. Its platform has potential to revolutionize vaccines and immunotherapies for a range of infectious diseases, cancers and autoimmune diseases. Current vaccine development programs include Herpes Simplex Virus-2 (HSV-2), Pneumococcus, Chlamydia, HSV-2 prophylaxis, and Malaria.


GRT, Inc.
GRT, Inc. has developed proprietary process chemistry that converts methane to gasoline or other hydrocarbon fuels and chemicals.  The GRT process is highly flexible and can be applied to make a wide variety of high volume chemicals and liquid fuels including olefins, aromatics, and high octane gasoline blend stocks. Unlike current technologies (Fischer-Tropsch chemistry and thermal cracking), GRT’s technology does not require high temperatures or pressures to create the gas to liquids reactions, thus providing significant savings in capital costs and operating expenses. GRT has licensed certain of its key technologies to Marathon Oil Corporation (NYSE:MRO).


ImaginAb, Inc.
ImaginAb facilitates the promise of personalized medicine through creation of companion diagnostics for patient stratification and targeted molecular therapy. ImaginAb’s technology enables antibodies to be re-engineered into smaller proteins (fragments) with rapid kinetics suitable for diagnostic imaging, while maintaining target biospecificity. In this way true companion in vivo diagnostics can be developed that enable target expression to be profiled in tissues in a non-invasive, whole-body manner.


INTARCIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
Intarcia is committed to developing innovative therapies utilizing its Medici Drug Delivery System™ that have the potential to transform the prevention and management of serious chronic diseases by optimizing the efficacy, continuous administration and tolerability of drug therapies. Intarcia's novel technology, the Medici Drug Delivery System™, is a proprietary subcutaneous delivery system comprised of (i) a technology that stabilizes proteins, peptides, antibody fragments, and other highly potent small molecules at or above human body temperatures for up to three years or more; (ii) a matchstick-sized osmotic mini-pump that is placed just under the skin to deliver a continuous and consistent flow of medication; and (iii) placement technology including proprietary tools designed to provide an optimal user experience.Intarcia is currently using the Medici Drug Delivery System™ to target Type 2 Diabetes with their lead product candidate ITCA 650.


Lixivia, Inc
Lixivia applies proprietary processes and bio-derived/inspired chemicals to dramatically improve the recovery of precipitated calcium carbonates, calcium salts and rare earth metals from industrial mineral waste products.


OvaScience, Inc. (Nasdaq: OVAS)
OvaScience is focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of new treatments for female infertility. Utilizing patented technology, OvaScience is translating innovative research in egg precursor germline stem cells to make in vitro fertilization (IVF) more effective and safer.


Sirtris Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq GM: SIRT)
Sirtris Pharmaceuticals is a biopharmaceutical company discovering and developing proprietary, orally available, small molecule drugs with the potential to treat diseases associated with aging, including metabolic diseases such as Type 2 Diabetes. Its drug candidates are designed to mimic the beneficial health effects of calorie restriction, without requiring a change in eating habits, by activation of an enzyme called SIRT1, a member of a recently discovered class of enzymes called sirtuins. Sirtris has been acquired by GlaxoSmithKline.


Sofie Biosciences Inc.
Sofie is transforming molecular medicine by expanding the practical and cost effective use of PET (positron emission tomography). By creating world class “bench-top” scanners and the first ever automated in-lab radiochemistry synthesis of probes, Sofie has severed the leash to a centralized PET “core”. This giant step forward enables cost effective preclinical use of PET. Sofie is also developing a proprietary family of new radiopharmaceuticals and PET biomarkers that image the activation of the immune system; which in turn will enable the diagnosis and treatment of complex diseases.


Solaria Corp
Solaria Corp. manufactures low-concentration photovoltaic modules designed for ground-mounted tracking systems. Solaria’s proprietary manufacturing processes require only a fraction of the capital per watt of manufacturing capacity needed by standard industry processes. Based on its patented technology, Solaria’s modules provide reliable performance while matching form, fit and performance of conventional PV modules.


The NanoSteel Company
The NanoSteel Company, Inc. develops and markets a family of amorphous nanocomposite steel alloys which have been dubbed Hard Steel. These patented nano-structured materials can be applied with a variety of widely-available industrial processes, including thermal spraying, welding and laser cladding. NanoSteel’s proprietary alloys cost-effectively address many of the deleterious effects on typical industrial metal surfaces, including wear, erosion, high temperature oxidation and corrosion.
NanoSteel combines the compelling attributes of iron-based alloys with new chemistries and mechanisms to deliver material properties and performance characteristics outside the boundaries of existing steels. NanoSteel has created progressive generations of iron-based alloys from metallic coatings to foils to powder metals and sheet steel. Current focus areas are strong and formable sheet steels (a combination of high strength and high ductility in cold formable steel) for automotive lightweighting applications and hard metal powders for 3D printing.


Tilford Pinson Exploration, LLC/Pittsburg Gathering
Tilford Pinson Exploration, LLC (TPX) is an oil and gas exploration and development company focused in the Arkoma Basin of southeastern Oklahoma. TPX’s business strategies include development of coal-bed methane gas reserves utilizing horizontal drilling technology, and the use of 3-D seismic imaging to explore for hydrocarbon reserves in mature, complexly structured areas. TPX employs state-of-the-art technology to maximize production in the short term while creating long term value via future drilling opportunities. Pittsburg Gathering LLC designs, builds, and operates natural gas gathering systems. Pittsburg Gathering LLC collects natural gas at the wellhead from TPX and third party operators, then compresses, transports and treats the gas as required prior to resale to interstate and intrastate markets.


Urban Electric Power, Inc.
Urban Electric Power (UEP) is commercializing proprietary zinc anode rechargeable battery technology for applications ranging from car batteries, to power protection to grid-scale storage. UEP technology uses non-toxic, 100% recyclable materials without lead, heavy metals, or flammable electrolytes. UEP offers substantial cost benefits compared to existing battery chemistries because of the extended cycle life, high capacity at high charge/discharge rates, and low cost of starting materials.


Universal Space Network
Founded by aerospace pioneer Charles “Pete” Conrad, Jr., Universal Space Network, Inc. (USN) is a leader in space operations for telemetry, tracking and control (TT&C) services. Offering responsive, reliable and cost-effective solutions to the global government and commercial space community, USN provides unparalleled coverage through a seamless network of worldwide satellite tracking and communications assets. USN has been acquired by The Swedish Space Corporation.


Unity Biotechnology, Inc.
Unity focuses on the development of therapeutics that extend the human healthspan through intervention in the biological mechanisms associated with aging; thus, enabling people to be healthier as they live longer. The Company’s initial emphasis is on “senolytics” - therapeutics that selectively eliminate senescent cells that accumulate with age. Unity’s first clinical programs are expected to include inflammatory joint diseases (osteoarthritis) and ophthalmology (glaucoma and age related macular degeneration).


Visterra, Inc.
Visterra uses its proprietary computational technology to generates unique information that guides the discovery and development of novel antibodies for the treatment and prevention of major diseases. The company’s lead product candidates are a broad spectrum human monoclonal antibody for the prevention and treatment of both seasonal and pandemic influenza, and an antibody to treat all four strains of dengue virus.


Ziopharm Oncology, Inc. (Nasdaq: ZIOP)
ZIOPHARM is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development and commercialization of a diverse portfolio of in-licensed cancer drugs to address unmet medical needs. The Company applies new insights from molecular and cancer biology to understand the efficacy and safety limitations of approved and developmental cancer therapies and identifies proprietary and related molecules for better patient treatment.


Back to Top



			©2017 Cycad Group, LLC.1270 Coast Village Circle, Suite 100Santa Barbara, CA 93108Ph: 805-684-6515, Fax: 805-684-6511
		




