


L&K Manufacturing | First 3D-Printing Service Bureau in Maine










First 3D-Printing Service Bureau in Maine

20 Godfrey Dr, Orono, ME 04473 • (207) 286-5306 • akaton@lkmanufacturing.com

Find us on Facebook • Follow us on LinkedIn



















K&A Manufacturing-RightAngle Products Company History


































  












 





RA Blog
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
Twitter
Instagram












RightAngle
Company 





Company History










NewHeights
R-Style
Ergonomics
Healthcare
RA Answers/Blog 
2D and 3D Symbols
Literature Download
Office Ergonomics
MyResourceLibrary

 

RightAngle History

Recognizing  a need to develop a product to help prevent Carpal Tunnel Syndrome, the first  product developed by the company was a wrist support to help keep the computer  user’s’ wrist at the right angle.  After  a small beginning developing these wrist supports for computer keyboards, the  RightAngle brand was established.  This  new and innovative product became one of the first ergonomic products for the  newly forming ergonomic industry.  
            In  1985 a new company was born, K & A Manufacturing, Inc.  A manufacturing plant in Wausau, Wisconsin,  was their first home.  In 1990, the property  was purchased to position itself for future expansion. The plant had over  20,000 square feet of manufacturing and warehousing space available. 
            To  further enhance and expand our market in the office and school industry, the  R-Style line of furniture was added to the RightAngle family of products in  2003.  
            To  keep pace with the growth of our products, in 2004, we built our new 30,000  square foot home in the Weston Industrial Park.  
            With  the release of the NewHeights Series 4 in 2013, increased manufacturing and  warehouse capabilities were needed.  The  addition of almost 30,000 square feet in 2014 nearly doubled the manufacturing and  warehouse space to 60,000 square feet.
            K  & A Manufacturing, Inc., is a privately-owned family run business, is the  creator of RightAngle™ Ergonomic Products, R-Style™ office furniture, and  NewHeights™ height adjustable tables. Offering innovative design ideas for more  than thirty years, RightAngle™ has grown into one of the top furniture  suppliers for the United States government, fortune 500 companies, education  facilities and healthcare providers across the country. 
            Our  goal is to continue to create products to make computer and office furniture  ergonomic in design, yet attractive and user friendly, plus provide the best  service and highest quality products to our customers.




























L&K Manufacturing, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 11:09 AM ET
Machinery

Company Overview of L&K Manufacturing, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
L&K Manufacturing, Inc. provides multi-material 3D (MM3D) printing technology that merges various phases of product development with manufacturing. The company offers MM3D-printers that manufacture footwear. It also provides 3D printing and prototyping services to local businesses, including the aerospace industry. The company was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Bangor, Maine.


40 Johnson StreetBangor, ME 04401United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 207-286-5306

www.cobblertechnologies.com







Key Executives for L&K Manufacturing, Inc.




Mr. Andrew Katon


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Director
      








Mr. Vincent Lewis


      	Co-Founder, Chief Technology Officer and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 +Vantage Corporation United States 101 Imports, Inc. United States 21st Century Energy, Inc. United States 360 Yield Center, LLC United States 3DEO, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact L&K Manufacturing, Inc., please visit www.cobblertechnologies.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































	K&K Manufacturing, Inc. > Home

























Search






















Home


About Us


Our Products


Flatbed Body


Dump Body


Landscaping Body


Tree Service Body


Service Body


Custom Body


Liftgate


Dovetail


Trailers




Request Information


Contact Us
























 
 














Welcome to K&K Manufacturing.
Truck Body and Trailer Manufacturers.
K&K Manufacturing is a leading manufacturer of flatbed bodies, dump bodies, landscaping bodies, tree service bodies, and equipment trailers.  Authorized dealer of Warner service bodies, as well as Anthony, Waltco, Palfinger, and Thieman liftgates. 
Your satisfaction is insured by our ability to produce quality products with unsurpassed flexibility when designing to meet your needs. Learn More










K&K Manufacturing Project Spolight








18' Custom Chip Truck
Published by K&K Manufacturing - 29 September 2013
This 18' Chipper was designed to meet our customer's need of a solid platform that could handle years of hauling wood chips and logs while providing ample storage for tools.  We were able to create 120 cubic feet of storage throughout 8 compartments surrounding a body constructed with 3/16" floor plate and 10 gauge walls and roof to provide years of reliable service.  
Learn More 

 






Bentonite Mixing Truck
Published by K&K Manufacturing -  29 September 2013
We recently had a customer come to us with a need to mix bentonite slurry for their boring rig.  We created this 3,000 gallon baffled tank capable of hauling 2,000 gallons of fresh water with a 1,000 gallon mixing tank.  This project shows the diversity and precision we offer our customers.
Learn More 

 















Featured Product: K&K Dovetail


Learn More
The most efficient way to transport your lawn care equipment.











Products




Flatbed Body
Dump Body
Landscaping Body
Tree Service Body
Service Body
Custom Body
Liftgate
Dovetail
Trailers 








Customer Support




Parts 
Truck Body Warranty
Trailer Warranty 
Selecting the Right Body









Company




About Us
Contact Us 
Careers








Contact Us



K&K Manufacturing, Inc.
1304 19/41 Bypass S. Griffin, GA 30224
Phone: (770) 228-9974

Fax: (770) 228-7573
sales@kandkmfg.com 







Connect


















Terms Of Use |
					Privacy Statement

Copyright 2015


































K&L Machining - Home














Home




Our Experience




Capabilities




Login




Contact Us











Home




Our Experience




Capabilities




Login




Contact Us







Navigation



Home




Our Experience




Capabilities




Login




Contact Us








K&L Machining has been in business for over 20 years. In September of 1998, we moved into our new facility and at the same time, added some new CNC machines. Shop hours are available around the clock. We are dedicated to producing quality products and services with on time deliveries.
Our quality policy is:
"To meet our customer requirements by delivering quality products and services on time, at a competitive price with a commitment to continuous quality improvement and customer satisfaction."
 

 
 

  
              ©2013 K&L Machining Inc.
50 Trinity Drive
Leola, PA 17540
Phone: (717) 656-0948
Fax: (717) 656-6063



 




L.K. MACHINE & TOOL MANUFACTURING, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    L.K. MACHINE & TOOL MANUFACTURING, INC.











Company number F60864
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 592156606
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/14/2007
        

Date Of Incorporation 12/28/1981
        

Principal Address
            % LUIS KRISTMANN, 1720 ACME ST., ORLANDO, FL, 32805
            


Mailing Address % LUIS KRISTMANN, 1720 ACME ST., ORLANDO, FL, 32805
        
L.K. MACHINE & TOOL MANUFACTURING, INC. Principals

Director, President
                Kristmann Luis
                 


Address
                3209 LITTLE OAK WAY, ORLANDO, FL        00000
                 







Last Annual Reports

2006 5/8/2006
            

2006 5/8/2006
            

2005 4/18/2005
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name KRISTMANN, LUIS (c)
        

Agent Address
                1720 ACME ST., ORLANDO, FL, 32805
                

L.K. MACHINE & TOOL MANUFACTURING, INC. Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/14/2007
            

Description
L.K. MACHINE & TOOL MANUFACTURING, INC. has been set up 12/28/1981 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The L.K. MACHINE & TOOL MANUFACTURING, INC. principal adress is % LUIS KRISTMANN, 1720 ACME ST., ORLANDO, FL, 32805. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to % LUIS KRISTMANN, 1720 ACME ST., ORLANDO, FL, 32805. 
The company`s registered agent is KRISTMANN, LUIS 1720 ACME ST., ORLANDO, FL, 32805.  
The company`s management are Director, President - Kristmann Luis. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/14/2007. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 5/8/2006.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
LKM ADVISORS LLC
L&K MAINTENANCE LLC
L.K. MAINTENANCE & SALES, LLC
L & K MAINTENANCE SERVICES , INC
LK MALARIA FOUNDATION, INC.
L & K MANAGEMENT GROUP, INC.














Home | L-K Industries






























































































Log In












 Remember 
Login


Forgot Your Password?
Register










0 item(s) 




 
Contact Us
My Cart
Checkout
Video Gallery













L-K Industries 



Sales Helpline(713) 926-2623


24 HR Tech Helpline(832) 588-6369







Search
















Login



Products



All Categories

 

Centrifuges

 

Heaters

 

Glassware

 

Accessories

 

Package Deals & Service Plans

 

Recommended Products

 

Miller-Weber Products

 
 Support  
RMA Form
Smart Centrifuge Reports
SDS Sheets
Calibration Order Form
Replacement Parts


Knowledge Base

Downloads

Owner Manuals
Safety Data Sheets
Downloads & Tutorials

Glossary of Terms
Videos


News & Events
About Us FAQs R&D Shop
Contact Us
Warranty and Terms
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use







                    simple collapsible
                    





Search











0 item(s) 
























Products



 Centrifuge Heaters Glassware Accessories Package Deals & Service Plans Recommended Products Miller-Weber Products Calibration Services 




Support



 RMA form Smart Centrifuge Reports SDS Sheets Calibration Order Form Replacement Parts 




Knowledge Base



 Downloads Owners Manuals Safety Data Sheets Downloads & Tutorials Glossary of Terms Videos 




News & Events





About us



 R&D Shop FAQs 




























Demand a Higher Standard
Supplying petroleum testing equipment worldwide – since 1930.

Start With Us Today










Miller-Weber of Texas
ISO/IEC 17025 calibrations and a full range of glass thermometers now available.

Click To Learn More










Class I, Division 2 Products
Learn more about our newly expanded Class I, Division 2 offering.
 
See Our Certified Equipment










New Products
Great engineering leads to high quality equipment.
See Our Latest Innovations
















 







                                
    Home | L-K Industries                            






Sales Helpline(713) 926-2623


24 HR Tech Helpline(832) 588-6369


 






 









  












Petroleum Testing Equipment Suppliers Worldwide Since 1930
L-K Industries is a leading U.S. manufacturer of oil centrifuges and related petroleum sampling and measuring equipment for the crude oil/petroleum, petrochemical, hydrocarbon, agriculture, food processing and medical industries. Our most common equipment includes portable and laboratory oil centrifuges, sample heaters, glass centrifuge tubes, glass thermometers, glass hydrometers, gaging tapes and oil thiefs.
Our original Melton Oil Centrifuge was first manufactured in 1957 and became the basis for ASTM standards still relevant today. Each L-K product conforms to ASTM (American Society for Testing & Materials) and API (American Petroleum Institute) standards.
Our motto is “Demand a Higher Standard”. We strive daily to design, build and maintain products to the highest standards possible. We manufactured the first Class I, Division 2 certified laboratory centrifuge. This classification ensures safe operation in hazardous locations. With the acquisition of Miller-Weber, Inc. and construction of a newly minted ISO/IEC 17025 accredited laboratory, we can now calibrate glassware and equipment in-house.
Learn More 

L-K Industries: 6952 Lawndale, Houston, Texas 77023
Get Directions







27 percentof our staff with engineering backgrounds.
                            

 To design the best oil testing equipment for the petrochemical industry, technical expertise is required. From our production team to our CEO, everyone in our organization contributes to our “team engineering” approach in designing industry-leading crude oil centrifuges, centrifuge tubes, water baths, heaters, gauging accessories, and thermometers.
                                







1930 Year L-K was founded. 
                            

 Since our formation nearly 87 years ago, the company has evolved from originally manufacturing pumps and valves to serving a much wider array of petroleum and laboratory customers. Starting with our first oil centrifuge in 1957 (“The Melton”), the company evolved to making portable centrifuges (“The Transport Series”) in the 1980s and through a partnership with ExxonMobil designed our first lab centrifuge (“The Benchmark Series”). In 2016 the company pushed further into the laboratory segment by acquiring Miller & Weber, Inc. This expansion included a full range of thermometers and calibration services. As we move forward, the company will continue to build on its rich history and look for opportunities to grow.

                                







2 Numbers of patents filed since 2016.
                            

Innovation is at the heart of what we do. Last year alone, L-K filed two new patents, which range from SMART Centrifuge technology to proprietary chemistry used in thermometers. 2017 will allow us to build on this momentum and help us to continue bringing the best oil testing equipment to lab technicians, pumpers/gagers, crude oil haulers, measurement technicians, QA/QC managers, and other petrochemical experts. 
                                







22 Number of Class I, Division 2 products offered by L-K. 
                            

 L-K Industries offers a full range of ETL listed, Class I, Division 2 certified and CSA-approved equipment for basic sediment and water (BS&W) testing. The Benchmark C Laboratory Centrifuge, Criterion Water Bath, and Trademark Dry Block Heater provide an unmatched suite of products for laboratories, pipeline companies, and refineries to accurately measure crude oil samples. L-K is proud to be the only U.S. manufacturer to offer this equipment with a third-party certification. When you put your trust in L-K for CID2 equipment, rest assured that you’re getting the best in the industry. 

                                







Recommended Products MADE IN THE USA









Transport, Standard, Heated, D, 2 place, 12V     

Price Starting From: $1,945.00


View Detail










Benchmark C Model C, 120V

Price Starting From: $14,495.00


View Detail










Criterion Water Bath, C/E, 110V         

Price Starting From: $3,610.00


View Detail







MADE IN THE USA




 View All Products
LK Industries takes great pride in building high quality products. View our whole range of products.



 

Order Parts
LK industries offers a wide range of accessories and parts that can be ordered.







Innovative upgrades and new products are coming soon!
Our corporate headquarters and manufacturing operations are located in Houston, Texas. This facility also contains the Research and Development division that is responsible for the design, development, testing, and continued improvement of LK’s oilfield technology.
 Read More



Standards we follow



 API MPMS Chapter 10.4
Determination of Water and/or Sediment in Crude Oil by the Centrifuge Method (Field Procedure). 
Read More


 
Standard ASTM D4007
Standard Guide for Sediment and Water Determination in Crude Oil - Active Standard ASTM D4007.
Read More


 
Class I, Division 2
Intertek is the industry leader with over 38,000 people in 1,000 locations in over 100 countries. 
Read More


 
ISO 17025 Accreditation
General requirements for the competence of testing and calibration laboratories.
Read More







Our Distributors






Amazon
Global
https://www.amazon.com/




Grainger
Global
https://www.grainger.com/
(800) 472-4643















Our Clients Say



Years ago we stopped using L-K products. They came back to us seeking feedback and really listened. Today, we are committed to using L-K Products and value their focus on customer service.


 End User




We switched our entire fleet to L-K in 2007 and have been very happy. L-K gets it done and gets it done on time.


Carrier




We sell every centrifuge we get from L-K… L-K’s quality and price is the best.


Reseller










Events where we participate View All



03rd
 Oct, 17 


Gulf Coast Conference
			03rd Oct to 04th Oct, 2017Venue Details: Houston, TX 





03rd
 Dec, 17 


ASTM D02 Committee Meetings
			03rd Dec to 07th Dec, 2017Venue Details: Houston, TX 


















 


Contact L-K Industries
If you have any questions, please call or e-mail us. We will reply as quickly as possible. 
                       
Quotes are available within one hour of request during normal business hours.


Get Directions
Contact Us


 








Copyright 2017 by L-K IndustriesDesigned and developed by SavianceMobility.com





Warranty and Terms
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use

 






















A&L Manufacturing - Products















Dealer Login
 






A&L Manufacturing - Products
Steel Grates | Log Lighters | Burners | Fire Rings
Download Entire Catalog



S t e e l    G r a t e s
Grates for Gas Log Sets
These grates should be used with gas logs sets only. These grates are constructed using 1/2" square, steel bar.

Product Sheet  
Grates for Free-standing
 and Zero-clearance Fireplaces
These grates should be used in free-standing and zero-clearance fireplaces. These grates are constructed using 5/8" square, steel bar. They are 12" deep and they all have center legs except the 11" model.

Product Sheet  
Grates for Masonry Fireplaces
These grates should be used in masonry-style fireplaces. These grates are constructed using 5/8" square, steel bar. They are 14" deep and they all have center legs except the 18" model.

Product Sheet  
Tapered Grates
These grates are made for fireplaces that have side walls with extreme tapers. These grates are constructed using 5/8" square, steel bar. They are 14" deep and they all have center legs.

Product Sheet  
Multi-bar Grates
These grates are made for masonry fireplaces. These grates include extra teeth for less wood waste and are constructed using 5/8" square, steel bar. They are 16" deep and they all have center legs.

Product Sheet  
Heavy Duty Multi-bar Grates
These grates are made for masonry fireplaces. These grates include extra teeth for less wood waste and are constructed using 3/4" square, steel bar. They are 16" deep and they all have center legs.

Product Sheet  
Extreme Multi-bar Grates
These grates are made for masonry fireplaces. These grates include many extra teeth for less wood waste and are constructed using 5/8" square, steel bar. They are 16" deep and they all have center legs.

Product Sheet  
BACK TO TOP




L o g    L i g h t e r s
U-shaped Log Lighters (V-holes)
Natural gas Log Lighters are constructed using 1/2" mild steel. Two rows of holes are drilled and offset by 90° in order to create a larger flame bed than what single drilled holes would produce.

Product Sheet  
Log Lighters (Single Row of Holes)
Natural gas Log Lighters are constructed using 1/2" mild steel.

Product Sheet  
Log Lighters
(Stainless with Single Row of Holes)
Natural gas stainless steel Log Lighters are constructed using 1/2" stainless steel.

Product Sheet  
Log Lighters (V-holes)
Natural gas Log Lighters are constructed using 1/2" mild steel. Two rows of holes are drilled and offset by 90° in order to create a larger flame bed than what single drilled holes would produce.

Product Sheet  
Stainless Steel Log Lighters (V-holes)
Natural gas Log Lighters are constructed using 1/2" stainless steel. Two rows of holes are drilled and offset by 90° in order to create a larger flame bed than what single drilled holes would produce.

Product Sheet  
BACK TO TOP




B u r n e r s 
Linear Burners
Natural gas Linear Burners are all center fed and are constructed using (1/2" mild steel or stainless steel) or (3/4" mild steel or stainless steel). They can be used in indoor fireplaces or outdoor fire pits.

Product Sheet  
H-shaped Burners
Natural gas H-shaped Burners are all center fed and are constructed using (1/2" mild steel or stainless steel) or (3/4" mild steel or stainless steel). They can be used in indoor fireplaces or outdoor fire pits.

Product Sheet  
Triple H-shaped Burners
Natural gas Triple H-shaped Burners (3 burner rails) are all center fed and are constructed using (1/2" mild steel or stainless steel) or (3/4" mild steel or stainless steel). They can be used in indoor fireplaces or outdoor fire pits.

Product Sheet  
BACK TO TOP




F i r e    R i n g s
Mild Steel Fire Rings
Natural gas Fire Rings are constructed using 1/2" mild steel and come with a plug.

Product Sheet  
Stainless Steel Fire Rings
Natural gas Fire Rings are constructed using 1/2" stainless steel and come with a plug.

Product Sheet  
Mild Steel Fire Stars
Natural gas Fire Stars are constructed using 1/2" mild steel.

Product Sheet  
Stainless Steel Fire Stars
Natural gas Fire Stars are constructed using 1/2" stainless steel.

Product Sheet  
BACK TO TOP







Copyright © 2017 - A&L Manufacturing Co, Inc. - All Rights Reserved       Web Design - Aapics Digital Studios



 



KT Manufacturing | American made cat and pet beds








































 













↓ Skip to Main Content







 

nothin could be finer...




About Us
FAQS
Pet Products
Veterinary Products
Medical Products
Where to Find Us
Testimonials






Mysterious PurrPadd®The Ultra soft Polyester Fibers work as an insulator, to absorb and hold heat, keeping your kitty warm and cuddly year round.Learn More
Fun For the Entire FamilyOur products traps pet hair, dander, flea dirt & dust, helping to improve the air quality for your loved ones!Learn More
Cozy UpPlace in your cat’s favorite spot or create a new resting area by placing the Kuddle Kup® anywhere you desire!Learn More
Twice the FunBoth the Mini Kuddle Kup® and the Kuddle Kup® serve a dual purpose. You can unfold each item into a play tunnel.Learn More
Environmentally FriendlyOur products are
100% Recyclable Materials, 100% Non Allergenic, & 100% Non-ToxicLearn More
Made With PrideOur entire PurrPadd® product line is handcrafted in the USA...Read More










Welcome to K.T. Manufacturing.


The vision of quality, commitment and passion are the driving forces that ultimately became K.T. Manufacturing Inc.
Our attention to detail, style and practicality for the discriminating pet owner is the formula for the unique and quality pieces that are welcome additions to any home décor. Now your pet can have the same style and comfort that you do.
Manufactured in the heart of the textile industrial corridor of South Carolina we combine domestic production with a global supply chain to bring American pets, products made by American workers.


k.t. manufacturing’s unique PurrPadd®
cat bed is the number one selling
pet bed in the U.S.

Featured Products
Kuddle Kup®The Secret's in the Fluff Cat's Love Them! The Ultra soft Polyester Fibers work as…VIEW MOREGabriel's T-shirt  Brovlac catheter access Infusaport…VIEW MOREBed n a BagGreat for small to large dogs Fold and Go! Bed folds into attached bag Attached…VIEW MORERest & Recovery Padd20" x 20" Pad: Improves comfort & recovery for animals up to 30lbs. Fits operating…VIEW MORE‹›











Eco Friendly Our pet products are made from 100% recyclable materials, 100% hypo allergenic, and 100% non toxin. We at k.t. manufacturing, Inc. value our environment so the fluff used in our products are made from 100% recyclable polyester and the corrugated packaging we use comes from sustainable wood fiber. 
MADE in the USA All k.t. manufacturing, inc. products are designed in the USA. We are proud that the PurrPadd® and most of our related pet care products are also handcrafted in the USA. 
Contact Us EMAIL:
info@ktmfg.com

PHONE:
1.803.364.9333

FAX:
1.803.364.8239

ADDRESS:
86 Old School Rd Prosperity, SC 29127 











 






↑

			
© 2017
				KT Manufacturing			

Website design & development by Greenstone Media

		


























