

Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC


Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC
(CRD# 152569) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Westport, CT.
They
manage $1,384,210,978 in 3,681 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 9 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC




Riverside Plaza, 33 Riverside Avenue,
Westport,
CT
06880
203-683-1530
http://www.llbhpwm.com




http://www.llbhpwm.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,384
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

3,681
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$376,042







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, CT, FL, LA, NH, NJ, NY, TX, VA






Financial Advisors at Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 10 of 12 top financial advisors.





1















Susan E. Kowalsky



CRD#:
2017344



Riverside Plaza, 33 Riverside Avenue,
Westport,
CT
06880




96

Wealthminder
score








Susan Kowalsky (CRD# 2017344) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC in Westport, CT and has 
over 27 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Susan Kowalsky has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






2















Emily C. Fenn



CRD#:
5859840



Riverside Plaza, 33 Riverside Avenue,
Westport,
CT
06880




93

Wealthminder
score








Emily Fenn (CRD# 5859840) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC in Westport, CT and has 
over 6 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Jeffrey Z. Kalapos



CRD#:
4997769



Riverside Plaza, 33 Riverside Avenue,
Westport,
CT
06880




93

Wealthminder
score








Jeffrey Kalapos (CRD# 4997769) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC in Westport, CT and has 
over 11 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















James K. Pratt-Heaney



CRD#:
1514331



Riverside Plaza, 33 Riverside Avenue,
Westport,
CT
06880




93

Wealthminder
score








James Pratt-Heaney (CRD# 1514331) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC in Westport, CT and has 
over 31 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Matthew H. Wu



CRD#:
5247351



Riverside Plaza, 33 Riverside Avenue,
Westport,
CT
06880




93

Wealthminder
score








Matthew Wu (CRD# 5247351) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC in Westport, CT and has 
over 6 years
of experience in the finance industry.






6















Jeffrey M. Byers



CRD#:
6030208



2121 Avenue Of The Stars, Suite 2300,
Los Angeles,
CA
90067




91

Wealthminder
score








Jeffrey Byers (CRD# 6030208) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC in Los Angeles, CA and has 
over 3 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Jeffrey Byers has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






7















Sarah Simon



CRD#:
6265902



Riverside Plaza, 33 Riverside Avenue,
Westport,
CT
06880




89

Wealthminder
score








Sarah Simon (CRD# 6265902) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC in Westport, CT and has 
over 3 years
of experience in the finance industry.






8















Sarah C. Marriott



CRD#:
6518303



Riverside Plaza, 33 Riverside Avenue,
Westport,
CT
06880




87

Wealthminder
score








Sarah Marriott (CRD# 6518303) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC in Westport, CT and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






9















Uliana G. Rymar



CRD#:
6472278



Riverside Plaza, 33 Riverside Avenue,
Westport,
CT
06880




87

Wealthminder
score








Uliana Rymar (CRD# 6472278) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC in Westport, CT and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






10















Michael J. Kazakewich



CRD#:
3176535



Riverside Plaza, 33 Riverside Avenue,
Westport,
CT
06880




86

Wealthminder
score








Michael Kazakewich (CRD# 3176535) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Llbh Private Wealth Management, LLC in Westport, CT and has 
over 17 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Michael Kazakewich has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.







1
2
... Next






Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now

























Jim Pratt-heaney | LLBH Private Wealth Management, LLC | Email @llbhpwm.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Jim Pratt-Heaney

 LLBH Private Wealth Management, LLC  Founding Partner




export

















33 Riverside Avenue

Westport, CT 06880


Email format for @llbhpwm.com

Direct Phone: Sign up to view 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
20 - 49

Revenue:  
2.5 - 5 Million

Industry:  
                        Finance->Other Investment Firms                    
SIC Code:  
                         6211  - Security Brokers and Dealers








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Need to know Jim Pratt-heaney's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on LLBH Private Wealth Management, LLC's Lead411 profile.  Jim Pratt-heaney is the Founding Partner for LLBH Private Wealth Management, LLC, an organization which has its base in Westport, CT.  One can also find LLBH Private Wealth Management, LLC email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @llbhpwm.com url.  Other investment firms is LLBH Private Wealth Management, LLC's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Jim Pratt-heaney are JPratt-heaney@llbhpwm.com, Jim.Pratt-heaney@llbhpwm.com, Jim@llbhpwm.com, and Jim_Pratt-heaney@llbhpwm.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@llbhpwm.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Jim P - Executive
Jim P's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in Resolute Forest Products's Lead411 profile and other Resolute Forest Products email addresses with the @resolutefp.com domain format.  He is part of Resolute Forest Products where he serves as the Regional Manager, International Sales - Latin America.  Resolute Forest Products's main office is set in Houston, TX. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Wood/paper category.  Some possible email formats for Jim P are JP@resolutefp.com, Jim.P@resolutefp.com, Jim@resolutefp.com, and Jim_P@resolutefp.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@resolutefp.com addresses.
Jim P - Operations
Jim P's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in Vital Records's Lead411 profile and other Vital Records email addresses with the @Vital-Records.net domain format.  He is part of Vital Records where he serves as the Composer and producer.  Vital Records's main office is set in , . You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Music category.  Some possible email formats for Jim P are JP@Vital-Records.net, Jim.P@Vital-Records.net, Jim@Vital-Records.net, and Jim_P@Vital-Records.net. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@Vital-Records.net addresses.
Jim P - Technology
Located in ,  SSI has Jim P serving as the organization's CTO. Need Jim P's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in SSI Lead411 profile, along with their SSI email addresses using the domain. Search for SSI on Lead411 under the Security wireless software industry.  Some possible email formats for Jim P are JP@securityservicesinternational.co.uk, Jim.P@securityservicesinternational.co.uk, Jim@securityservicesinternational.co.uk, and Jim_P@securityservicesinternational.co.uk. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@securityservicesinternational.co.uk addresses.



Similar Employees:
Michael Kazakewich - Executive
Michael Kazakewich is the current Partner. You can find Michael Kazakewich's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on LLBH Private Wealth Management, LLC's Lead411 profile, as well as LLBH Private Wealth Management, LLC email addresses with the @llbhpwm.com domain format. Michael Kazakewich's email may or may not be inside the profile.  LLBH Private Wealth Management, LLC is situated in Westport, CT. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Other investment firms.  Some possible email formats for Michael Kazakewich are MKazakewich@llbhpwm.com, Michael.Kazakewich@llbhpwm.com, Michael@llbhpwm.com, and Michael_Kazakewich@llbhpwm.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@llbhpwm.com addresses.
Kevin Burns - Executive
A Founding Partner at LLBH Private Wealth Management, LLC based in Westport, CT, Kevin Burns has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Llbh Private Wealth Management, Llc in our Other investment firms category. The company CEO is . There are email addresses on their profile and may include Kevin Burns' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Kevin Burns.  Some possible email formats for Kevin Burns are KBurns@llbhpwm.com, Kevin.Burns@llbhpwm.com, Kevin@llbhpwm.com, and Kevin_Burns@llbhpwm.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@llbhpwm.com addresses.
Bill Lomas - Executive
A Founding Partner at LLBH Private Wealth Management, LLC based in Westport, CT, Bill Lomas has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Llbh Private Wealth Management, Llc in our Other investment firms category. The company CEO is . There are email addresses on their profile and may include Bill Lomas' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Bill Lomas.  Some possible email formats for Bill Lomas are BLomas@llbhpwm.com, Bill.Lomas@llbhpwm.com, Bill@llbhpwm.com, and Bill_Lomas@llbhpwm.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@llbhpwm.com addresses.

People Directory > Jim Pratt-Heaney




















﻿






























Critical Contrast: Dean Foods (DF) and General Mills (NYSE:GIS) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Dean Foods Company

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Dean Foods Company with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Havens Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in LifePoint Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:LPNT)
Stokes & Hubbell Capital Management LLC Has $254,000 Position in Whirlpool Corporation (WHR)
National Bank Holdings Corporation (NYSE:NBHC) Receives Neutral Rating from DA Davidson
Eco-Stim Energy Solutions’ (ESES) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Seaport Global Securities
MU Investments Co. Ltd. Has $5,006,000 Stake in TE Connectivity Ltd. (NYSE:TEL)
Critical Contrast: Dean Foods (DF) and General Mills (NYSE:GIS)
Opera Trading Capital Invests $129,000 in Huntsman Corporation (HUN)
Reviewing Nustar Energy L.P. (NS) & Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP)
Green Plains (GPRE) & REX American Resources Corporation (REX) Head to Head Analysis
Cintas Corporation (CTAS) Given New $136.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus
Diamondback Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:FANG) Given Outperform Rating at Wells Fargo & Company
Analyzing Hormel Foods Corporation (NYSE:HRL) & Brf (BRFS)
Kempner Capital Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Annaly Capital Management Inc (NYSE:NLY)
Healthcare Realty Trust (NYSE:HR) and Sabra Healthcare REIT (SBRA) Head-To-Head Analysis
Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS) Given “Buy” Rating at Stifel Nicolaus
National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research
Havens Advisors LLC Has $8.98 Million Position in NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NXPI)
Havens Advisors LLC Invests $5.79 Million in Akorn, Inc. (AKRX)
Havens Advisors LLC Buys New Position in Rice Energy Inc. (NYSE:RICE)
Kadant Inc (KAI) Shares Bought by Handelsinvest Investeringsforvaltning







Critical Contrast: Dean Foods (DF) and General Mills (NYSE:GIS)


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments




Dean Foods (NYSE: DF) and General Mills (NYSE:GIS) are both consumer staples companies, but which is the better business? We will compare the two businesses based on the strength of their dividends, profitabiliy, valuation, analyst recommendations, institutional ownership, earnings and risk. 
Profitability


 Get Dean Foods Company alerts:



This table compares Dean Foods and General Mills’ net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Dean Foods
0.91%
19.34%
4.49%


General Mills
10.61%
38.97%
8.47%







Valuation & Earnings
This table compares Dean Foods and General Mills’ top-line revenue, earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Dean Foods
$7.83 billion
0.18
$396.16 million
$0.77
19.94


General Mills
$15.62 billion
2.01
$3.41 billion
$2.77
19.62


General Mills has higher revenue and earnings than Dean Foods. General Mills is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Dean Foods, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks. 
Analyst Recommendations
This is a breakdown of current recommendations for Dean Foods and General Mills, as reported by MarketBeat.com. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Dean Foods
2
2
5
0
2.33


General Mills
4
11
1
0
1.81


Dean Foods currently has a consensus price target of $20.33, suggesting a potential upside of 32.46%. General Mills has a consensus price target of $59.15, suggesting a potential upside of 8.84%. Given Dean Foods’ stronger consensus rating and  higher probable upside, research analysts plainly believe Dean Foods is more favorable than General Mills.
Institutional & Insider Ownership
70.4% of General Mills shares are held by institutional investors. 1.2% of Dean Foods shares are held by insiders. Comparatively, 1.3% of General Mills shares are held by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that endowments, large money managers and hedge funds believe a company will outperform the market over the long term.
Dividends
Dean Foods pays an annual dividend of $0.36 per share and has a dividend yield of 2.3%. General Mills pays an annual dividend of $1.96 per share and has a dividend yield of 3.6%. Dean Foods pays out 46.8% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. General Mills pays out 70.8% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. Both companies have healthy payout ratios and should be able to cover their dividend payments with earnings for the next several years. Dean Foods has increased its dividend for 13 consecutive years. 
Volatility & Risk
Dean Foods has a beta of 0.55, meaning that its stock price is 45% less volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, General Mills has a beta of 0.61, meaning that its stock price is 39% less volatile than the S&P 500. 
Summary
General Mills beats Dean Foods on 12 of the 17 factors compared between the two stocks.
Dean Foods Company Profile
Dean Foods Company is a food and beverage company. The Company processes and distributes fluid milk, and other dairy and dairy case products in the United States. It is engaged in manufacturing, marketing, selling and distributing a range of branded and private label dairy and dairy case products. It offers branded and private label dairy case products, including fluid milk, ice cream, cultured dairy products, creamers, ice cream mix and other dairy products to retailers, distributors, foodservice outlets, educational institutions and governmental entities across the United States. It also offers juices, teas and bottled water. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had over 50 national, regional and local dairy brands, as well as private labels. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national, local and regional licensed brands included Alta Dena, Hygeia, PET, Arctic Splash, Jilbert, Pog, Barbers Dairy, Purity, Berkeley Farms, Land-O-Sun & design and ReadyLeaf, Broughton.
General Mills Company Profile
General Mills, Inc. is a manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer foods sold through retail stores. The Company is a supplier of branded and unbranded food products to the North American foodservice and commercial baking industries. The Company has three segments: U.S. Retail, International, and Convenience Stores and Foodservice. Its products are marketed under various brands, which include Annie’s and Betty Crocker. The Company’s U.S. Retail segment reflects business with a range of grocery stores, mass merchandisers, membership stores, natural food chains, drug, dollar and discount chains, and e-commerce grocery providers operating throughout the United States. The International segment consists of retail and foodservice businesses outside of the United States. The Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment’s product categories include ready-to-eat cereals, snacks, refrigerated yogurt, frozen meals, unbaked and fully baked frozen dough products, and baking mixes.






Receive News & Ratings for Dean Foods Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dean Foods Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















LLBH Private Wealth Management – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending September 20, 2013
Posted on September 23, 2013 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Simply Hired
Starbucks Corporation 
Lionsgate 


Norfolk Southern Corp. 
NVIDIA 
Ralph Lauren Corporation 


Lipocine Inc. 
PCTEL, Inc. 
Flurry


InVivo Therapeutics Holdings Corp. 
Greenbelt Resources Corporation 
Hot Mama’s Foods, Inc. 


Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc.
Sterling Construction Company, Inc. 
Ingram Micro Inc. 


LogicSource
LLBH Private Wealth Management, LLC 
Emulex Corporation


Billtrust
ConvergeOne
GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. 


Northrop Grumman Corporation 
Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. 
KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 


Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. 
SWS Group, Inc. 
Trevena, Inc. 


Five Star Products, Inc. 
Axcelis Technologies, Inc. 
Children’s Hospitals and Clinics of Minnesota 


PENSCO
DeliverLean
Odyssey Marine Exploration, Inc. 


GoHealth
Cordia Bancorp Inc. 
Tenex Health 


Baxano Surgical, Inc. 
VHA Inc. 
Advanced Cannabis Solutions, Inc. 


Barton Malow Company 
STRONG, LLC 
Severstal North America


myoscience, inc.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Simply Hired announced the appointment of Shelly Schaffer as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before joining Simply Hired, Schaffer served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Support.com. Prior to Support.com, she served as Vice President of Corporate Operations Finance at Yahoo! Inc. Schaffer also worked as an executive at Mercury Interactive in a number of finance roles of increasing responsibility from September 2003 to December 2006 during which period it was acquired by Hewlett Packard. These roles included Vice President of Strategic Finance and Treasury and Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis. Earlier in her career, Schaffer held a range of senior finance roles with The Coca Cola Company, Nestle Beverage Company and Cosine Communications. 
Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ: SBUX) announced that Troy Alstead, chief financial officer and chief administrative officer, has been promoted to chief financial officer and group president, Global Business Services. Alstead joined Starbucks in January 1992 when it was a privately held company with just over 100 stores.
Lionsgate announced that its Chief Financial Officer, James Keegan, has announced his retirement effective October 1, 2013. The Company has asked him to remain as a consultant until January 3, 2014 to assist with the transition to his successor. James W. Barge has been named Chief Financial Officer effective October 1. Barge served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Viacom Inc. from 2010-2012 and Executive Vice President, Controller, Tax and Treasury, from 2008-2010.  He previously had a 13-year tenure at Time Warner, ultimately serving as Time Warner Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to his tenure at Viacom and Time Warner, Barge spent 13 years at Ernst & Young, where he rose to the positions of industry leader of the Consumer Products Group and Regional Partner.
Norfolk Southern Corp. (NYSE: NSC) announced that Marta R. Stewart has been named executive vice president and chief financial officer, effective Nov. 1. Stewart succeeds John P. Rathbone, who will retire Nov.1, after a 32-year career in the finance and administrative divisions at Norfolk Southern. Stewart joined Norfolk Southern in 1983 and served in several finance positions before being named vice president and controller in 2003 and then vice president and treasurer in 2009.
NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) announced that it has named Colette Kress as executive vice president and chief financial officer. Kress most recently served for three years as senior vice president and chief financial officer at Cisco’s Business Technology and Operations Finance organization. Previously, she spent 13 years at Microsoft, including four years as chief financial officer of the Server and Tools division, and held senior roles in corporate planning and finance. Prior to that, she served at Texas Instruments in a variety of finance positions.
Ralph Lauren Corporation (NYSE: RL) announced that Christopher Peterson, currently Senior Vice President (SVP) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), will become Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) in addition to his role as CFO. Mr. Peterson has been SVP and CFO of the Company since September 2012.  Before joining Ralph Lauren, Mr. Peterson spent 20 years at The Procter & Gamble Company in several senior corporate and operational roles. Most recently, he was CFO of its Global Household Care division.
Lipocine Inc. (OTC: LPCN) announced that Morgan Brown has joined the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”). Most recently, Mr. Brown was the CFO at Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Previously Mr. Brown was the CFO of World Heart Corporation and Lifetree Clinical Research and the Vice President, Finance and Treasurer of NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Before NPS Pharmaceuticals Mr. Brown was a Senior Manager at KPMG LLP. 
PCTEL, Inc. (NASDAQ: PCTI) announced that John Schoen, PCTEL’s current and long-time CFO, has been promoted to Senior Vice President and CFO. Schoen has served as the company’s CFO since November 2001. Schoen began his career in public accounting at Ernst and Young before spending nearly 20 years at Motorola, where he held both financial and operational positions. He served as Safco Technology’s CFO and maintained those responsibilities after Agilent’s acquisition of Safco.
Flurry announced the appointment of Bob Komin as its Chief Financial Officer. Bob has held several executive positions, most recently as CFO at Ticketfly, and previously as COO and CFO at Linden Labs, CFO at Solexel, CFO at Tellme Networks (acquired by Microsoft) and prior to that as VP of Finance and Treasurer at Convergys and Cincinnati Bell.
InVivo Therapeutics Holdings Corp. announced that Gregory D. Perry has been appointed as interim CFO, commencing September 23, 2013. Mr. Perry was most recently the Executive Vice President and CFO of Immunogen, Inc. Prior to joining Immunogen, Mr. Perry served as CFO of Elixir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from 2007 to 2009. Prior to Elixir, he was CFO of Domantis Ltd., which was acquired by GlaxoSmithKline in 2006. Previously, Mr. Perry was Senior Vice President and CFO of Transkaryotic Therapies, Inc. until its acquisition by Shire plc in 2005. Mr. Perry is currently a member of the Board of Directors of Advanced Cell Technology, Inc.
Greenbelt Resources Corporation (OTC: GRCO) announced the appointment of Joseph Pivinski to the executive team as interim chief financial officer. Joe served previously as CFO and senior vice president at NASDAQ-listed Consolidated Water Co., Ltd., and as vice president of finance and CFO for Oriole Homes Corp. Joe has also held various similar C-level and board positions with other public and private companies, including the U.S. subsidiary of Adecco.
Hot Mama’s Foods, Inc. (OTC: HOTF) announced that William Kenealy has joined as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). From 2010 to 2013, Bill was Chief Financial Officer of Compact Industries, Inc. Prior to that, Bill worked at Reserve Brands, Inc. as Senior Vice-President and CFO from 2007 to 2009. From 2006 to 2007 he was a consultant/interim CFO for public and privately held operating companies and private equity firms.
Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ: WASH), the publicly-owned holding company of The Washington Trust Company, announced David V. Devault has been promoted to Vice Chairman, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer.
Sterling Construction Company, Inc. (NASDAQ: STRL) announced that Thomas R. Wright has been named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective September 25, 2013 and that Kevan Blair will assume the role of Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance following his stint as interim CFO. Mr. Wright was most recently Chief Financial Officer of Toronto-based St Marys/CBM, which he joined in 2011. Between 2006 and 2010, Mr. Wright was with Boart Longyear. He began his career at Boart as Vice President of Global Products and Manufacturing, and was later promoted to Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis, Mergers and Acquisitions, Investor Relations, Strategic Planning and Corporate Communication. Before joining Boart, Mr. Wright was Director of Corporate Financial Planning and Analysis for a leading North American quick-serve restaurant company, Wendy’s International. Earlier in his career, Mr. Wright held increasingly responsible positions in the finance areas of Bank One Corporation (now JP Morgan Chase Company) and Allied Signal Incorporated (now Honeywell International Inc.).
Ingram Micro Inc. (NYSE: IM) announced the appointment of Paul Read as president and chief operating officer, effective Sept. 30, 2013. Read, who joined the Ingram Micro board of directors last September, has resigned his role as a member effective immediately. From June 1995 to June 2013, Read was with Flextronics Inc. serving most recently as chief financial officer and executive vice president. Previously he served as the company’s executive vice president of finance for worldwide operations. Prior to joining Flextronics in 1995, he held various senior financial positions in the United Kingdom with Allied Steel and Wire, STI Telecommunications and Associated British Foods.
LogicSource announced the appointment of Greg Hunt, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Apollo Investment Corporation, to its Board of Directors.
LLBH Private Wealth Management, LLC announced the appointment of Jeff Fuhrman as its Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Fuhrman spent nearly a decade as President and Chief Operating Officer of IMG Artists. Previously, Fuhrman was President and CFO of Gemini Voice Solutions, and earlier in his career, was an investment banker with Salomon Smith Barney.
Emulex Corporation (NYSE: ELX) announced that Michael J. Rockenbach, the Corporation’s executive vice president (EVP), chief financial officer (CFO) and corporate secretary, will be departing effective December 31, 2013. Mike Rockenbach joined Emulex in 1991, and has served as executive vice president and chief financial officer since 1997.
Billtrust announced the addition of Ed Jordan as the company’s new Chief Financial Officer. Jordan spent the last 25 years helping private equity-backed firms prepare for future investor opportunities. Among his many successes, Jordan led the acquisition of mobile barcode technology company JAGTAG Inc. as that company’s CEO; he also served as CFO of ITXC Corporation and Dialogic Inc., where he guided those two companies’ IPOs.
ConvergeOne welcomed Jeffrey Nachbor as its new Chief Financial Officer. Nachbor comes to ConvergeOne from Leap Wireless, where he was Senior Vice President of Operational Finance and Chief Accounting Officer. His previous positions include Senior Vice President of Finance and Controller at H&R Block, CFO and Treasurer at Sharper Image Corporation, and Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller at Staples, Inc., among others.
GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: GCAP) announced the appointment of Jason Emerson as its Chief Financial Officer (CFO), effective October 1, 2013. Mr. Emerson was most recently Managing Director and Business Manager of KCG Holding’s Global Execution Services division. Previously, he served as KCG’s Director of Financial Operations.  Prior to KCG, Mr. Emerson held financial and operational positions at Instinet, Merrill Lynch and PricewaterhouseCoopers. GAIN’s interim CFO, Daryl Carlough, will be leaving the company to pursue other opportunities.  
Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE: NOC) announced that it has elected William H. Hernandez to its board of directors. Hernandez served as senior vice president, Finance, and chief financial officer of PPG Industries, Inc., a manufacturer of chemical and industrial products, until his retirement in 2009. Prior to that, he was PPG’s corporate controller from 1990 to 1994. Hernandez previously held a number of positions with Borg-Warner Corporation and Ford Motor Company. He is a member of the board of directors of Albemarle Corporation, Black Box Corporation and USG Corporation.
Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: CVGI) announced that its Chief Financial Officer, Chad Utrup, is resigning to pursue an outside opportunity.  Mr. Utrup will remain active with the company until Friday, November 1 to ensure a smooth transition. Mr. Utrup began his CVG career in 1998.
KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: KBIO) announced that Herb C. Cross will join the company as of September 23, 2013, and transition into the Chief Financial Officer role in coordination with Jeffrey H. Cooper, the company’s current CFO.  The company expects this transition will be completed in the October-November time frame. Mr. Cross was previously Chief Financial Officer of Affymax. Before becoming CFO of Affymax, he served as the company’s Vice President, Finance.  Mr. Cross previously served as Vice President, Finance for Facet Biotech Corporation. Before joining Facet, he was corporate controller at PDL BioPharma. Before that, he held positions of increasing responsibility, including Vice President, Finance, at Neoforma, Inc.
Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (NYSE: MMP) announced that its chief financial officer, John Chandler, has provided notice that he intends to leave the partnership effective March 31, 2014.
SWS Group, Inc. (NYSE: SWS) announced that Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Stacy M. Hodges has submitted her resignation effective September 30, 2013, to accept an executive position with a North Texas financial services company.
Trevena, Inc. announced the appointment of Roberto Cuca as senior vice president and chief financial officer. Most recently, he served as Treasurer and Senior Vice President, Finance at Endo Health Solutions Inc. Before that, he was Director, Corporate and Business Development, at moksha8 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Mr. Cuca also worked at JPMorgan Chase & Co. as an equity analyst covering U.S. pharmaceutical companies.
Five Star Products, Inc. is pleased to announce that Frederic E. Rubin has joined the company’s leadership team as Chief Financial Officer. Before joining Five Star Products, Inc., he served as Managing Director of Sandhopper, LLC, and previously as Chief Financial Officer at the Judlau Companies.
Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACLS) announced the appointment of Kevin J. Brewer as executive vice president and chief financial officer. Mr. Brewer, has served as the company’s interim CFO since July.
Children’s Hospitals and Clinics of Minnesota welcomes K. Alec Mahmood as its new chief financial officer. Mahmood succeeds Jerry Massman, who recently retired. Most recently, Mahmood spent five years as the chief financial officer for HealthMarkets. Prior to joining HealthMarkets, he was the chief financial officer and chief operating officer of the Medicaid division at Coventry Health Care. He has also held leadership positions at Ardent Health Services, Kaiser Permanente and Health Net.
PENSCO announced that Carol Foster, has been named Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Foster was the founder of CLF Advisor.  Earlier in her career, she worked for Pantheon Ventures, Calera Capital, Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs and Accenture. PENSCO also announced that Chris Radich, formerly the CFO of PENSCO, has been named Chief Risk Officer, a new executive level position at the company. Earlier in his career, Radich worked for RCM Capital Management, Bank of America and Ernst & Young.
DeliverLean announced that Richard Silverman was recently named Chief Financial Officer. In his prior position, he served as the CFO of The Fresh Diet, Inc. For more than 15 years, Richard ran his own consulting firm. Mr. Silverman also owned and operated a specialty auto parts distributorship in Miami, FL. Prior to building his consultancy business, Richard served as the CFO of Bolivia’s third largest private mining company.
Odyssey Marine Exploration, Inc. (NASDAQ: OMEX) appointed Philip S. Devine as chief financial officer. Devine, who has been working as a consultant for Odyssey since August 1, 2013, succeeds Michael J. Holmes, whose intention to retire was reported in January. Prior to joining Odyssey, Devine served as CFO of a number of publicly-traded companies with operations in Europe and the United States. Most recently, he worked as a financial consultant via Decofi sprl and as the CFO of two biotechnology companies, MDxHealth and Tibotec-Virco (sold to Johnson & Johnson).
GoHealth announced that Robert R. Millard has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. He succeeds Mike Ahern, who was named GoHealth’s Chief Accounting Officer. Millard most recently served as CFO at Angie’s List, Inc. He was a member of the executive team that took the company public in November 2011. Prior to that role, Millard served as CFO at two other publicly traded companies.
Cordia Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ: BVA), parent of Bank of Virginia, announced the hiring of Mark A. Severson as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and the Bank. Mr. Severson was most recently Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Chemung Financial Corporation in Elmira, NY. Before that he served as Chief Financial Officer of FNB United Corp. in Asheboro, NC from 2007 to 2011, Chief Financial Officer of Camco Financial Corporation in Cambridge, OH from 2001 to 2007, Chief Financial Officer of FCNB Corp. in Frederick, MD from 1990 to 2001, and Vice President of Union Planters Bank in Memphis, TN from 1984 to 1989.
Tenex Health announced that Chief Financial Officer, Dr. Rom Papadopoulos will be resigning as CFO and a member of the board of directors as of September 30, 2013. Dr. Papadopoulos will be returning to his position as Managing Director of Intuitus Group. Ivan Mijatovic, Chairman of the company’s Board of Directors, will assume responsibilities as interim CFO and oversee financial operations until a permanent CFO has been identified.
Baxano Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ: BAXS) announced that Joe Slattery, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has resigned effective September 27, 2013 to pursue another business opportunity. Tim Shannon, Vice President of Finance, has been appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer effective September 27, 2013. Tim Shannon joined Baxano Surgical in 2013. Previously, he was Vice President of Financial Reporting at Talecris Biotherapeutics and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer at Harris Wholesale. He began his career at PricewaterhouseCoopers. 
VHA Inc. has named Christopher Dunleavy as chief financial officer of enterprise operations. Since 2004, he has been the chief financial officer for USMD predecessor entities and executive vice president and chief financial officer for USMD Holdings since July 2011. Prior to that, Dunleavy served three years as chief financial officer for Baylor Heart and Vascular Hospital, LLP. In addition, Dunleavy was senior director of strategic planning for Sodexho Marriott Services, and provided consulting services to other companies. He also worked at Mariner Post Acute Network as vice president of finance.
Advanced Cannabis Solutions, Inc. (OTC: CANN) has appointed Christopher H. Taylor as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Taylor’s previous experience includes gaming audit experience with Deloitte & Touche, the management of the Colorado Lottery budget as the Chief Budget Officer, the financial management of Colorado Casino Resorts, Inc., a publicly traded casino company, as CFO, and 12 years of public accounting experience as owner of his own CPA firm.
Barton Malow Company announced the promotion of Lars Luedeman to Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Lars joined Barton Malow in 2012 as Director of Finance & Strategy. Prior to joining Barton Malow, Lars worked for Grant Thornton as Director, Corporate Advisory Services.
STRONG, LLC announced Billy Sanford as the new Vice President/Chief Financial Officer.
Severstal North America announced the appointments of Chief Financial Officer, Olga Petrova, and Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Michael Tuomey. Petrova joins Severstal North America’s executive team from parent company OAO Severstal, where she was the Head of the Business Planning and Controlling Department since 2011. Her previous roles included various high-level financial positions in international offices of Shell Exploration and Production, Schlumberger and PepsiCo. At SNA, Petrova will be responsible for all aspects of financial strategy, planning and reporting, as well as forecasting, budget management and cost benefit analysis. Petrova succeeds Interim CFO Michael Tuomey, who is appointed Deputy Chief Financial Officer. Tuomey has been with Severstal and its predecessor companies for 28 years in various senior-level finance positions, most recently Director, Corporate Accounting and Controlling.
myoscience, inc. announced the addition of Peter Osborne to the team as chief financial officer (CFO). Osborne has over 25 years of experience in high growth public and private companies, most notably with Hansen Medical and VNUS Medical Technologies, and most recently with SentreHEART, Inc.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,397 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:



﻿




























Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) Position Boosted by LLBH Private Wealth Management LLC - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Honeywell International Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Honeywell International Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Analyzing Lithia Motors (LAD) and CarMax (KMX)
Ctrip.com International, Ltd. (CTRP) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $909.07 Million
Denbury Resources Inc. (NYSE:DNR) Receives $2.56 Average Target Price from Brokerages
Financial Contrast: Tessera Holding Corporation (XPER) vs. STR Holdings (STRI)
Lam Research Corporation (LRCX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts
Halyard Health, Inc. (NYSE:HYH) Receives $40.50 Average PT from Analysts
Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) Position Boosted by LLBH Private Wealth Management LLC
Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Updates Q3 Earnings Guidance
Global Ship Lease, Inc. (NYSE:GSL) Given Average Recommendation of “” by Brokerages
Analysts Set Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) Target Price at $108.25
Critical Analysis: CIRCOR International (NYSE:CIR) & Tenaris (TS)
Precision Drilling Co. (TSE:PD) Receives C$8.50 Average PT from Brokerages
Analyzing Graham Corporation (GHM) and Watsco (WSO)
Head-To-Head Analysis: Penn West Petroleum (OBE) vs. Resolute Energy Corporation (REN)
Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) Given Buy Rating at Instinet
Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) Stake Raised by Sky Investment Group LLC
Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) To Go Ex-Dividend on July 28th
TNB Financial Acquires 4,444 Shares of Bank of America Corporation (BAC)
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Stake Decreased by Advisors Capital Management LLC



 


Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) Position Boosted by LLBH Private Wealth Management LLC

					Posted by Samantha Guadardo on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












LLBH Private Wealth Management LLC increased its stake in shares of  Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) by 0.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 2,876 shares of the conglomerate’s stock after buying an additional 3 shares during the period. LLBH Private Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in Honeywell International were worth $359,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of HON. Crestwood Advisors Group LLC acquired a new stake in shares of  Honeywell International during the first quarter worth $100,000.  Peoples Financial Services CORP. boosted its stake in shares of  Honeywell International by 62.2% in the first quarter. Peoples Financial Services CORP. now owns 811 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $101,000 after buying an additional 311 shares during the period.  MCF Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Honeywell International by 55.8% in the first quarter. MCF Advisors LLC now owns 935 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $117,000 after buying an additional 335 shares during the period.  Sowell Financial Services LLC acquired a new stake in shares of  Honeywell International during the fourth quarter worth $156,000.  Finally, Sfmg LLC acquired a new stake in shares of  Honeywell International during the first quarter worth $200,000. 76.36% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Honeywell International Inc. alerts:



Shares of Honeywell International Inc. (HON) opened at 136.35 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $103.94 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.47 and a beta of 0.95. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $134.17 and a 200-day moving average of $127.24. Honeywell International Inc. has a one year low of $105.25 and a one year high of $137.42. 




Honeywell International (NYSE:HON) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, July 21st. The conglomerate reported $1.80 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.78 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $10.08 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.89 billion. Honeywell International had a return on equity of 26.58% and a net margin of 12.43%. The company’s revenue was up .9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.70 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts predict that  Honeywell International Inc. will post $7.09 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) Position Boosted by LLBH Private Wealth Management LLC” was first  posted by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/23/honeywell-international-inc-nysehon-position-boosted-by-llbh-private-wealth-management-llc.html. 
A number of brokerages have weighed in on HON. Stifel Nicolaus increased their target price on shares of Honeywell International from $136.00 to $143.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. HSBC Holdings plc began coverage on shares of Honeywell International in a report on Wednesday, June 21st. They set a “buy” rating and a $147.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Honeywell International from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $150.00 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, June 28th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $148.00 target price on shares of Honeywell International in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $122.00 target price on shares of Honeywell International in a report on Friday, April 21st. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $136.10.
In related news, VP Jennifer H. Mak sold 5,510 shares of Honeywell International stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $131.88, for a total value of $726,658.80. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 3,141 shares in the company, valued at $414,235.08. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Bradley T. Sheares sold 3,430 shares of Honeywell International stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $131.71, for a total value of $451,765.30. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 8,731 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,149,960.01. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 1,253,667 shares of company stock valued at $164,049,416. Corporate insiders own  1.56% of the company’s stock. 
Honeywell International Company Profile
Honeywell International Inc is a technology and manufacturing company. The Company operates through four segments: Aerospace, Home and Building Technologies, Performance Materials and Technologies, and Safety and Productivity Solutions. The Company’s Aerospace segment supplies products, software and services for aircraft and vehicles that it sells to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and other customers.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HON? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON).







Receive News & Ratings for Honeywell International Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Honeywell International Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Northern Trust Corporation  Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages





Halyard Health, Inc.  Receives $40.50 Average PT from Analysts





Lam Research Corporation  Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts





Financial Contrast: Tessera Holding Corporation  vs. STR Holdings 





Denbury Resources Inc.  Receives $2.56 Average Target Price from Brokerages





Ctrip.com International, Ltd.  Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $909.07 Million






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 

































Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？注册Notice登录后才能继续。登录 Facebook登录忘记帐户？新建帐户中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017











LLBH PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      LLBH PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT, LLC
                    

HTTP://WWW.COASTALBRIDGEADVISORS.COM
•   WESTPORT, CT
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Llbh Private Wealth Management is based out of Westport. Llbh Private Wealth Management is a large advisory firm with  More than 100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $1,737,639,019 (Form ADV from 2017-03-31).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $303,075,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 76.53%. Llbh Private Wealth Management's largest holding is Videocon d2h Ltd with shares held of 5,302,088.   WhaleWisdom has at least 6 13F filings in our database for Llbh Private Wealth Management. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from LLBH PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


BGB
        
        Blackstone/GSO Stra...
3.219%



AAPL
        
        Apple Inc
1.322%



GOOG
        
        ALPHABET INC CAP ST...
0.867%



AXP
        
        American Express
0.795%



GOOGL
        
        ALPHABET INC COM ST...
0.794%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


ENT
         
         Global Eagle Entert...
1.857%


PCI
         
         PIMCO Dynamic Credi...
1.596%


PANW
         
         Palo Alto Networks Inc
1.063%


XFENX
         
         First Trust Energy ...
1.053%


PEP
         
         PepsiCo Inc.
0.78%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


VDTH
                                                  
                                                  Videocon d2h Ltd
20.1185%


LGF.A
                                                  
                                                  Lions Gate Entertainment Co...
16.7378%


LGF.B
                                                  
                                                  Lions Gate Entertainment Co...
15.4454%


BGB
                                                  
                                                  Blackstone/GSO Strategic Cr...
7.7238%


KITE
                                                  
                                                  KITE PHARMA
6.0896%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $303.075 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $256.935 Million
New Purchases26 stocks
Additional Purchases33 stocks
Sold out of17 stocks
Reduced holdings in18 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %76.53%
Turnover %
                        [1]:46.74%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:16.88%
Time Held Top20:2.10 quarters
Time Held Top10:2.90 quarters
Time Held All:2.87 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for LLBH PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT, LLC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
-0.23%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
10.25%





Performance Metrics
Stats are not available for the latest quarter














Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-24








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-24
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

COASTAL BRIDGE ADVISORS
 
RIVERSIDE PLAZA
33 RIVERSIDE AVENUE

WESTPORT
CT
            
        06880
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          203-683-1530
Fax:
              888-778-3892


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Liability Company 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
21


Other Business Activities:
insurance broker or agent


Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Fixed fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      
334,622



            Total Number of Clients:
          
1



            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.COASTALBRIDGEADVISORS.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














Llbh private wealth management






Web Results



Coastal Bridge Advisors: Home

www.coastalbridgeadvisors.com
Coastal Bridge Advisors provides a full range of wealth management solutions 
for you and your ... 5000 Fastest Growing Private Companies Of 2014 & 2015.



Meet Our Team | Coastal Bridge Advisors

www.coastalbridgeadvisors.com/meet-our-team
Meet the team behind Coastal Bridge ... 
Our success is predicated on our ...



LLBH Announces Name Change to Coastal Bridge Advisors ...

www.coastalbridgeadvisors.com/1788-2
Coastal Bridge Advisors is a private ... to 
LLBH Announces Name Change to ...




More Results »



What is private wealth management?





What is private wealth management? | Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/052915/what-private-wealth-management.asp
May 29, 2015 ... Understand what private wealth management is from the perspective of both the 
private client as well as the private wealth manager.



Wealth management - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wealth_management
Private wealth management is delivered to high-net-worth investors. Generally 
this includes advice on the use of ...



Private Banking Vs. Wealth Management: Not Quite the Same ...

www.investopedia.com/articles/professionals/111715/private-banking-vs-wealth-management-not-quite-same.asp
Nov 17, 2015 ... Private banking and wealth management are terms that overlap. However, the 
financial services offered through private banking and through ...




More Results »



Where can I find current/future trends in private wealth management?





2016 Wealth Management Trends - Strategy - PwC

www.strategyand.pwc.com/trends/2016-wealth-management-trends
The fundamental shifts faced by wealth managers can be best described as two 
revolutions, one ... occurring behind the scenes but directly affecting the nature 
and future of advice itself. .... All these changes will require extensive redesigning 
of current processes. .... Private equity and digitization: The hidden equity story.



Online Trends in Banking - MyPrivateBanking Research

www.myprivatebanking.com/SubCategory/future-trends
For an in-depth assessment of the current situation and future trends, the report ... 
digital performance of 20 leading global private banks and wealth managers.



The Future Of Wealth Management - Forbes

www.forbes.com/sites/forbesinsights/2016/06/02/the-future-of-wealth-management
Jun 2, 2016 ... A great transfer in wealth from aging baby boomers to younger generations is 
under way, and it is reshaping the wealth management industry ...




More Results »



Llbh private wealth management







1


2


3


4


5


Next










Related Search



Wealth Management Companies




Wealth Management Reviews




                                Best Private Wealth Management Firms




                                Top Private Wealth Management Firms




                                List of Wealth Management Companies




                                Journal of Wealth Management




                                Guide to Wealth Management




Wealth Management Definition




Wealth Management Industry




                                Goldman Sachs




                                Ratings of Investment Companies




                                Bessemer Trust



















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC
























Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














+Llbh +private +wealth +management






Web Results



Coastal Bridge Advisors: Home

www.coastalbridgeadvisors.com
Coastal Bridge Advisors provides a full range of wealth management solutions 
for you and your ... 5000 Fastest Growing Private Companies Of 2014 & 2015.



Meet Our Team | Coastal Bridge Advisors

www.coastalbridgeadvisors.com/meet-our-team
Meet the team behind Coastal Bridge ... 
Our success is predicated on our ...



Jeff Kalapos | Coastal Bridge Advisors

www.coastalbridgeadvisors.com/team/jeff-kalapos
Jeff Kalapos, an Investment Advisor 
Representative, is a Planning Associate 
at ...




More Results »



What Is the Meaning of Wealth Management?





Wealth Management - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/w/wealthmanagement.asp
Wealth management is a high-level professional service that combines financial 
and investment advice, accounting and tax services, retirement planning and ...



Wealth management - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wealth_management
Wealth management as an investment-advisory discipline which incorporates 
financial .... to the company, was intended to more clearly define the difference 
between wealth management companies and more affordable brokerage firms.



What Is Wealth Management? - Forbes

www.forbes.com/sites/russalanprince/2014/05/16/what-is-wealth-management
May 16, 2014 ... Still, most professionals are hard pressed to actually define the term with any 
degree of precision. Wealth management is very straightforward.




More Results »



Wealth Management Companies?





America's Top 40 Wealth Management Firms - Barron's

www.barrons.com/articles/americas-top-40-wealth-management-firms-1411695548
Dec 23, 2014 ... Barron's exclusive ranking of the Top 40 managers of accounts of $5 million and 
up.



Top 100 Wealth Managers - Forbes

www.forbes.com/top-wealth-managers
Top Wealth Managers 2015: It's A Bull Market For Advice ... 1, Chevy Chase Trust 
Company, Bethesda, MD, $21,211, 17%, Peter Welber, President & CEO.



Destination Wealth Management | High Net Worth Financial Advisor ...

www.destinationwm.com
Destination Wealth Management Offers High Net Worth Advisor & Financial 
Portfolio Planning for the Future. We Specialize in Asset & Wealth Investment ...




More Results »



+Llbh +private +wealth +management







1


2


3


4


5


Next










Related Search



Wealth Management Companies




Wealth Management Reviews




                                Best Private Wealth Management Firms




                                Top Private Wealth Management Firms




                                List of Wealth Management Companies




                                Journal of Wealth Management




                                Guide to Wealth Management




Wealth Management Definition




Wealth Management Industry




                                Goldman Sachs




                                Ratings of Investment Companies




                                Bessemer Trust



















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC
























Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














+Llbh +private +wealth +management






Web Results



Coastal Bridge Advisors: Home

www.coastalbridgeadvisors.com
Coastal Bridge Advisors provides a full range of wealth management solutions 
for you and your ... 5000 Fastest Growing Private Companies Of 2014 & 2015.



Meet Our Team | Coastal Bridge Advisors

www.coastalbridgeadvisors.com/meet-our-team
Meet the team behind Coastal Bridge ... 
Our success is predicated on our ...



Jeff Kalapos | Coastal Bridge Advisors

www.coastalbridgeadvisors.com/team/jeff-kalapos
Jeff Kalapos, an Investment Advisor 
Representative, is a Planning Associate 
at ...




More Results »



What Is the Meaning of Wealth Management?





Wealth Management - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/w/wealthmanagement.asp
Wealth management is a high-level professional service that combines financial 
and investment advice, accounting and tax services, retirement planning and ...



Wealth management - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wealth_management
Wealth management as an investment-advisory discipline which incorporates 
financial .... to the company, was intended to more clearly define the difference 
between wealth management companies and more affordable brokerage firms.



What Is Wealth Management? - Forbes

www.forbes.com/sites/russalanprince/2014/05/16/what-is-wealth-management
May 16, 2014 ... Still, most professionals are hard pressed to actually define the term with any 
degree of precision. Wealth management is very straightforward.




More Results »



Wealth Management Companies?





America's Top 40 Wealth Management Firms - Barron's

www.barrons.com/articles/americas-top-40-wealth-management-firms-1411695548
Dec 23, 2014 ... Barron's exclusive ranking of the Top 40 managers of accounts of $5 million and 
up.



Top 100 Wealth Managers - Forbes

www.forbes.com/top-wealth-managers
Top Wealth Managers 2015: It's A Bull Market For Advice ... 1, Chevy Chase Trust 
Company, Bethesda, MD, $21,211, 17%, Peter Welber, President & CEO.



Destination Wealth Management | High Net Worth Financial Advisor ...

www.destinationwm.com
Destination Wealth Management Offers High Net Worth Advisor & Financial 
Portfolio Planning for the Future. We Specialize in Asset & Wealth Investment ...




More Results »



+Llbh +private +wealth +management







1


2


3


4


5


Next










Related Search



Wealth Management Companies




Wealth Management Reviews




                                Best Private Wealth Management Firms




                                Top Private Wealth Management Firms




                                List of Wealth Management Companies




                                Journal of Wealth Management




                                Guide to Wealth Management




Wealth Management Definition




Wealth Management Industry




                                Goldman Sachs




                                Ratings of Investment Companies




                                Bessemer Trust



















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC
























Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














+Llbh +private +wealth +management






Web Results



Coastal Bridge Advisors: Home

www.coastalbridgeadvisors.com
Coastal Bridge Advisors provides a full range of wealth management solutions 
for you and your ... 5000 Fastest Growing Private Companies Of 2014 & 2015.



Meet Our Team | Coastal Bridge Advisors

www.coastalbridgeadvisors.com/meet-our-team
Meet the team behind Coastal Bridge ... 
Our success is predicated on our ...



Jeff Kalapos | Coastal Bridge Advisors

www.coastalbridgeadvisors.com/team/jeff-kalapos
Jeff Kalapos, an Investment Advisor 
Representative, is a Planning Associate 
at ...




More Results »



What Is the Meaning of Wealth Management?





Wealth Management - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/w/wealthmanagement.asp
Wealth management is a high-level professional service that combines financial 
and investment advice, accounting and tax services, retirement planning and ...



Wealth management - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wealth_management
Wealth management as an investment-advisory discipline which incorporates 
financial .... to the company, was intended to more clearly define the difference 
between wealth management companies and more affordable brokerage firms.



What Is Wealth Management? - Forbes

www.forbes.com/sites/russalanprince/2014/05/16/what-is-wealth-management
May 16, 2014 ... Still, most professionals are hard pressed to actually define the term with any 
degree of precision. Wealth management is very straightforward.




More Results »



Wealth Management Companies?





America's Top 40 Wealth Management Firms - Barron's

www.barrons.com/articles/americas-top-40-wealth-management-firms-1411695548
Dec 23, 2014 ... Barron's exclusive ranking of the Top 40 managers of accounts of $5 million and 
up.



Top 100 Wealth Managers - Forbes

www.forbes.com/top-wealth-managers
Top Wealth Managers 2015: It's A Bull Market For Advice ... 1, Chevy Chase Trust 
Company, Bethesda, MD, $21,211, 17%, Peter Welber, President & CEO.



Destination Wealth Management | High Net Worth Financial Advisor ...

www.destinationwm.com
Destination Wealth Management Offers High Net Worth Advisor & Financial 
Portfolio Planning for the Future. We Specialize in Asset & Wealth Investment ...




More Results »



+Llbh +private +wealth +management







1


2


3


4


5


Next










Related Search



Wealth Management Companies




Wealth Management Reviews




                                Best Private Wealth Management Firms




                                Top Private Wealth Management Firms




                                List of Wealth Management Companies




                                Journal of Wealth Management




                                Guide to Wealth Management




Wealth Management Definition




Wealth Management Industry




                                Goldman Sachs




                                Ratings of Investment Companies




                                Bessemer Trust



















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC




















	Investments and Tax Planning























































Investment Management






Services > Wealth Management > Individual  > Investments











Secure Your Financial Future


Your goals are unique. Whether it’s important for you to build, manage, and transition your wealth to younger generations, explore charitable giving and other ways to create a legacy, or live a life full of rich experiences and travels, we can work with you to create a comprehensive wealth management strategy that’s aligned with your personal goals—today and in the future.
Moss Adams has vast expertise understanding and helping families with complex planning needs. We can work with you to understand your key retirement objectives as well as other goals and tie in a tax and investment approach tailored to meet your needs. Together, we establish a thoughtful and thorough plan that can help you live the life you envision.
If you’re a business owner, your personal, business, and investment plans should be developed and reviewed through one comprehensive lens. Your personal and business goals and challenges are intricately tied and often rely on your readiness to respond to the unexpected. We can work closely with you to establish the right structure, deal with personal transitions, and help you establish, grow, or eventually transition your business.
Based on your goals and priorities, we’ll recommend concrete strategies and steps you can take to grow and manage your wealth. Contact us to discover how we can help you be better equipped to secure your financial future, both in business and in retirement.


Wealth management services provided by Moss Adams Wealth Advisors LLC.












            
              Primary Contact
            
          












Justin  Fisher 
Principal







justin.fisher@mossadams.com











(253) 284-5267





 





Contact








×









Contact Us







 

Thank you. Your contact request has been received. We will be in touch soon.










Justin  Fisher 
Principal







justin.fisher@mossadams.com











(253) 284-5267













































	Moss Adams Services
























































Services









We offer a full range of services that spans accounting, consulting, and wealth management. 
Beyond analyzing your financial statements and addressing your tax and assurance needs, we offer a coherent, solutions-based approach catered to your industry’s unique complexities. 


















Accounting

















Keep your business moving forward with the critical financial information you need to make informed decisions. Our assurance and tax services prepare you for emerging opportunities to help your company prosper.    
 











Tax

Assurance














Assurance





                Financial Statement Audits
            







                Employee Benefit Plans
            







                Public Company/SEC
            






Internal Audit 






SOX 404 Compliance

Segregation of Duties

Process & Controls






                Outsourced Accounting
            






Contract Compliance 






Construction Audits

Federal Compliance






                Sustainability
            










Tax





                Accounting for Income Taxes (ASC 740)
            







                Accounting Methods
            







                Compensation & Benefits
            






Controversy & Dispute Resolution 






Federal Tax Controversy & Dispute Resolution

State & Local Tax Controversy & Dispute Resolution





Credits & Incentives 






Hiring and Zone-Based Programs

Research & Development

Tangible Asset Incentives

Transferable Tax Credits






                International Tax
            







                Personal
            






State & Local 






Income Tax

Indirect Tax

Property Tax





Tax Structuring 






Entity Formation

Pass-Through Entities



















Consulting

















Recognize growth opportunities that you can leverage domestically and internationally with a full range of services beyond assurance and tax. Whether it’s compliance or streamlining to improve IT, strategy and operations, and transactions, you can mitigate risk and solve your most pressing operational challenges.











Information Technology

Transactions

Strategy & Operations

Specialty














Information Technology




Cybersecurity 






Network Vulnerability Testing

Security Assessments

Disaster Recovery & Continuity





Compliance 






SOC 1,2,3

PCI DSS

HIPAA & HITRUST





Assessment & Planning 






Systems

Software

Vendors





Development & Integration 






Equity Compensation

Systems









Strategy & Operations





                Business Planning
            







                Performance Audits
            







                Succession Planning
            






















Transactions




Investment Banking 






Mergers & Acquisitions

Deal Advisory

Evaluating Strategic Alternatives

Financing





Due Diligence 






Readiness & Preparedness






                M&A Tax 
            






Restructuring 






Special Situations





Valuations 






Dealers

ESOP

Estate & Gift

Fair Value & Financial Statement Reporting

Health Care Organizations & Assets

Intellectual Property

Real Estate









Specialty





                China Practice 中国业务
            







                Financial Services 
            






Health Care 






Cost Reimbursement

Government Compliance

Operational Improvement

Strategy & Integration






                Telecommunications
            




















Wealth Management

















Secure a better financial future by strategically aligning your tax, planning, and investment needs and tactically managing your assets. Reviewing, developing, and handling your personal, business, and investment plans using one comprehensive lens allows you to harness new opportunities.












Institutional 

Individual 














Individual 




Tax 






Estate

Income

Stock Options





Financial Planning 






Insurance

Charitable Planning






                Investments
            







                Family Office
            










Institutional 




Investments 






Policy Statements

Consulting

Corporate Asset Management





Insurance 






Buy-Sell

Key Man













































	Estate Tax Planning





















































Services > Wealth Management > Individual  > Tax > Estate











Estate Tax Planning


Thanks to the favorable estate and gift tax rates and exemptions made “permanent” by the American Tax Relief Act of 2012, you have—for the time being—a relatively reliable framework for tax planning. This is an excellent opportunity to preserve more of your estate wealth and reduce your estate taxes.
It’s important to evaluate your estate strategy and make updates, if needed, in a timely manner, since the rates are only permanent until Congress decides to change them.
In addition to taxes, family issues, fairness, asset protection, and effective wealth transfer also factor heavily into your estate planning decisions. Consider—

What is your future estate tax liability and how it will be funded?
Are you confident your estate planning goals will be accomplished with the current documents in place?
Will estate taxes or inheritance taxes affect the structure of your current investments?
How should a family with international connections approach estate planning?

If your estate plan fails to adequately address these issues, you run the risk of missed opportunities to reduce estate tax, unintended distribution of assets, or disputes. The key is having the right estate planning strategy in place.
We can help you assess your needs and work with you to create a plan that meets your personal, family, and business requirements. We analyze your financial picture and provide a written plan to address and achieve your comprehensive estate planning goals. Our focus is on empowering you to provide for your loved ones in a tax-efficient manner while protecting your assets, reducing risk, and complying with federal and state rules and regulations.


Wealth management services provided by Moss Adams Wealth Advisors LLC.












            
              Primary Contacts
            
          












Francine  Vorhees 
Partner







francine.vorhees@mossadams.com











(916) 503-8110










Val  Perry 
Partner







val.perry@mossadams.com











(509) 834-2452





 





Contact








×









Contact Us







 

Thank you. Your contact request has been received. We will be in touch soon.










Francine  Vorhees 
Partner







francine.vorhees@mossadams.com











(916) 503-8110










Val  Perry 
Partner







val.perry@mossadams.com











(509) 834-2452













































	Individual Income Tax Planning





















































Services > Wealth Management > Individual  > Tax > Income











Individual Income Tax Planning


Thoughtful income tax planning is the foundation for managing your wealth.
In today’s environment you need to understand the ever-evolving income tax laws and regulations that impact how much tax you pay. It’s also crucial to know the full range of strategic planning options available so that you’re in a good position to pay only what you owe and can preserve more of your wealth in any scenario, regardless of tax policy outcomes.
We work with individuals and families as well as business owners and executives, offering customized tax guidance to fit your unique situation. We provide a thorough evaluation of your current taxes, your income streams, and the changing tax laws and economic factors that impact your tax scenario. You gain a strategy that supports your personal plans, including any income, estate, or business succession plans you have that can impact your income taxes.
Here’s a sampling of the services we offer:

Individual income tax planning, projections, preparation, and compliance
Federal, state, and local income tax
Alternative minimum tax
Net investment income tax
Stock option tax
Charitable contributions
State residency planning
Cross-border tax issues
Personal cash flow
Retirement planning
Tax audit representation



Wealth management services provided by Moss Adams Wealth Advisors LLC.












            
              Primary Contact
            
          












Dan  Gaffney 
Partner







dan.gaffney@mossadams.com











(425) 303-3195





 





Contact








×









Contact Us







 

Thank you. Your contact request has been received. We will be in touch soon.










Dan  Gaffney 
Partner







dan.gaffney@mossadams.com











(425) 303-3195














































Get Started at Morgan Stanley
    



















































 













Search













Get started
You will be assigned a Financial Advisor from Morgan Stanley to help develop your personalized financial plan. Fill out the form to get started






Goal
Build Wealth
Retirement
Save for Major Purchase
Other

Best Time to Call
Morning
Afternoon
Evening

 I'm Already a Client




Ready to talk now? Call Us.Check the background of Our Firm and Investment Professionals on FINRA’s Broker/Check.








It all starts with a conversation
We’ll help you create a tailored wealth strategy designed for today—that’s flexible enough to grow with you in the future. 


					    Find a Morgan Stanley Financial Advisor
					

Find a Morgan Stanley Financial Advisor

We can help you prepare for life’s journeys. Enter your information here and a Financial Advisor will get in touch.







Goal
Build Wealth
Retirement
Save for Major Purchase
Other

Best Time to Call
Morning
Afternoon
Evening

 I'm Already a Client





Ready to talk now? Call Us
Check the background of Our Firm and Investment Professionals on FINRA’s Broker/Check.











Visualize the financial future you want–and let us help you work toward achieving it
What’s important to you? A Morgan Stanley Financial Advisor can work with you and your family to understand your goals, as well as your unique needs, dynamics and values. We’ll help you build a strong foundation to help you prepare for the challenges you are facing today, as well as set you on the path toward reaching your financial aspirations for the future.
We believe a successful financial strategy should:







Cater to your unique situationFamily, career, legacy, philanthropy—what matters to you? We’ll help you define those priorities and develop a truly personalized wealth strategy that reflects what you care about most.
Prepare you for the unknownWhen life’s unforeseen events pop up, we’ll help you monitor and adjust your course. From life changes to market slowdowns and more, we will help you prepare.
Guide you through challenging marketsWhen markets shift, it’s easy to get lost in uncertainty. We provide investment advice to help you avoid common pitfalls, and identify opportunities to help maximize your growth.





























Close














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Wealth Planning with Fidelity















Customer Service
Open an account
Refer a friend
Log in

800-343-2570




Wealth Planning
from Fidelity




A straightforward approach to planning for your future.
Wealth comes with opportunities. But it also comes with questions. Do you have access to investment advice you can understand? Are you taking the smartest approach to taxes? And	 how do you know what you’re really paying to manage it all?
Wealth planning from Fidelity gives you clear answers. It all starts with your dedicated financial consultant, who takes a personal approach to helping you build, grow, and preserve your wealth. For clients investing $250,000 or more, we’ll give you ongoing wealth planning guidance, service, and support, as well as regular portfolio reviews.
Work one on one with our financial professionals and specialists, in-person, online, or by phone.



Call today to make a wealth planning appointment.
800-343-2570





The benefits of wealth planning from Fidelity:

A personal relationship to help with ongoing guidance and planning support
Proactive strategies designed to reduce the impact of taxes on a portfolio
A wide suite of investing and cash management strategies for both growth and protection
Specialists in retirement, insurance, inheritance and estate planning guidance, and more
Planning strategies for education, healthcare, and aging
Simple, straightforward pricing, free tools and insights, and a range of fee-based solutions







Learn more about our wealth planning strategies and services.














	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































