

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















Loan Ranger Capital - Invest With Loan Ranger Capital




























































































Fast, Easy, Texas Hard Money Lender




Invest With Loan Ranger Capital





























































Build Your Wealth With a Safe, Stable, Investment Secured by Real Assests



Loan Ranger was created because we recognized the demand for professional and quick funding of real estate properties. We started Loan Ranger with our own capital and have conservatively added investors and high net worth families. We remain focused on providing our investors with a safe and stable investment platform. We offer our investors an opportunity now found in many investments: high yields with monthly cash flow and a security interest in real assets. We are grateful for the trust of our investors and will always honor our commitment to transparency and integrity.For more information regarding investing in Loan Ranger Capital, please call us at (512) 987-4936 or email our President at zack@loanrangercapital.com.





 




Loan Ranger Capital
Hard Money Lender providing fast, easy, and competitive loans throughout Texas.

Contact Loan Ranger Today(512) 987-4936





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Subject *



Message *






Thank you!






Revitalizing our Texas communities with quick and easy to understand financing.

 




 












































111 Congress #400, Austin, TX, 78701 | (512) 987-4936 | Zack@LoanRangerCapital.com


 



 
































 



 Ranger Capital Group Launches Specialty Income Fund Investing In Peer-To-Peer Loans 
         










    










 






 











 









Ranger Capital Group Launches Specialty Income Fund Investing In Peer-To-Peer Loans

		  Institutionally Structured Product Offers Investors Access to Attractive Yields Associated with Burgeoning Fixed-Income Asset Class
		

Nov 06, 2013, 09:30 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Ranger Capital Group 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Ranger Capital Group logo. (PRNewsFoto/Ranger Capital Group)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Ranger Capital Group logo. (PRNewsFoto/Ranger Capital Group)
 


 

 




 





 


DALLAS, Nov. 6, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Ranger Capital Group, an employee-owned holding company for registered investment advisors offering traditional and alternative investment opportunities to institutional and high net worth individual investors, has launched the Ranger Specialty Income Fund. The Ranger Specialty Income strategy seeks to provide both domestic and non-domestic investors with attractive yield and monthly cash flow attributable to investments in the peer-to-peer lending space. 
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20131106/NY10239LOGO) 
Ranger Specialty Income's portfolio will consist of investments in consumer and business loans offered by peer-to-peer lending platforms, which enable investors to directly participate in the consumer credit markets. This burgeoning asset class has a low correlation to equity and traditional fixed-income investments, and returns on these investments have generally been higher than many other types of fixed-income products.
"The creditworthiness of peer-to-peer loan borrowers and the growth of peer-to-peer lending platforms, combined with low yields in the fixed-income universe, make this the ideal time to launch the Ranger Specialty Income Fund," said K. Scott Canon, President of Ranger Capital. "We have created an institutionally structured product that utilizes artificial intelligence technology to deliver attractive returns to investors." 
The average peer-to-peer loan borrower is a homeowner with a FICO score above 700 who uses the loan for debt consolidation purposes. The popularity of peer-to-peer lending is rapidly increasing, with the market expected to surpass $3.5 billion by the end of this year.  
The Ranger Specialty Income strategy uses a proprietary artificial intelligence system known as TruSight Technology™ to evaluate, select and invest in peer-to-peer loans.  Developed by Portfolio Manager Gary Melara exclusively for investing in peer-to-peer loans, artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms generated by TruSight evaluate over six years of historical data and hundreds of borrower credit fields from the peer-to-peer lending platforms.  TruSight algorithms seek to identify the important criteria of loans with the highest potential returns on investment. Ranger Specialty Income's TruSight Technology and approach to peer-to-peer investing has been actively used for almost four years and has never had a losing month. 
"TruSight's AI algorithms and loan-monitoring mechanisms enable us to create a truly diversified portfolio of what we believe to be the most promising peer-to-peer loans," said Mr. Melara. "Our proprietary loan evaluation technology, years of peer-to-peer investment experience and guidance from consumer credit experts provide investors with a unique opportunity to actively capitalize on this new asset class." 
Until recently, consumer credit markets were dominated by large banks and financial institutions. Following the financial crisis in 2008 and the enactment of new industry regulations, these institutions found it too time-consuming and expensive to continue making consumer loans for credit card debt and other personal matters. This development led to the rise of online peer-to-peer lending platforms that bring together investors and creditworthy borrowers. 
"Our ongoing evaluations of traditional and alternative sources of investment income have convinced us that peer-to-peer lending presents a very attractive opportunity for investors seeking a stream of principal and interest at this time," said Mr. Canon. "We have an established track record of offering specialty niche products that provide a consistent, repeatable approach to investing and risk management, and the launch of the Ranger Specialty Income Fund is a continuation of our commitment to delivering attractive investment opportunities to institutional and high net worth investors."
For more information about the Ranger Specialty Income Fund, please contact Bill Kassul at 214-871-5270 or bkassul@rangercap.com.  
About Ranger Capital GroupRanger Capital Group is an employee-owned holding company for registered investment advisors offering traditional and alternative investment opportunities to institutional and high net worth individual investors. Currently, Ranger affiliated investment advisers manage over $3 billion in assets.  Ranger Investments manages growth-oriented domestic equity portfolios which seek to capture and compound returns from small- and mid-capitalized U.S. companies while managing risk.   Ranger International specializes in global income & growth and international equity strategies.  Ranger Alternatives manages the first actively managed short-only ETF and one of the earliest institutionally oriented peer-to-peer funds. 
For more information, visit: www.rangerspecialtyincome.com 



CONTACT: 


Kris Kagel




Jennifer Connelly Public Relations




973-850-7312




kkagel@jcprinc.com

 SOURCE  Ranger Capital Group  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.rangerspecialtyincome.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Oct 06, 2014, 10:17 ET
Preview: Ranger Capital Group Partners With Banking Industry Executives To Assist Banks In Working With Online Lending Platforms






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 










 






Loan Ranger Capital Investments, LLC, 0802254590 | Texas-register.com































Loan Ranger Capital Investments, LLC
LOAN RANGER CAPITAL INVESTMENTS, LLC

111 CONGRESS AVE STE 400 AUSTIN

 TX 78701-4143










 







 
+
0
-



Loan Ranger Capital Investments, LLC is an entity registered at Texas with company number 0802254590. Company is incorporated on 16th July 2015.
Company


Company name
Loan Ranger Capital Investments, LLC


Address
LOAN RANGER CAPITAL INVESTMENTS, LLC

111 CONGRESS AVE STE 400 AUSTIN

 TX 78701-4143



State
TX


Company number
0802254590


Registration Date
16th July 2015


Sos number
0802254590


Taxpayer number
32057819016


Right to Do Business in Texas
ACTIVE



Key persons
ZACHARY A LOFTON

111 CONGRESS AVE #400 AUSTIN

 TX 78701






Related companies

Loan Ranger Capital, LLC
Loan Rangers Automotive Group Inc
Loan Rangers Automotive Inc.
Loan Ready Services Mgr, LLC
Loan Ready Services, LLC
Loan Recovery LLC
Loan Reformer, Inc.
Loan Rescue Programs LLC
Loan Review Source, LLC
Loan Savers, A Limited Liability Company
Loan Science Holdings, LLC
Loan Science Management, LLC
Loan Science, LLC
Loan Signature Usa LLC


Loan Quote Today LLC
Loan Quach, LLC
Loan Protector General Agency, Inc.
Loan Processing Services, LLC
Loan Processing Services Inc
Loan Originator Services, LLC
Loan Origination Acquisition Network LLC
Loan Officer & Real Estate Development Training Sc
Loan Nguyen Tailor, Inc
Loan Negotiator Group, Inc.
Loan Negotiate LLC
Loan Modification Professionals, LLC dba Loan Mod Pro, LLC
Loan Mod Assist, L.L.C.
Loan Mart, LLC


































Ranger Capital Group | Investment Manager | Investment Strategies | Direct Lending
























































 


















        

























No menu assigned!












  





Learn More



  





























  















  















  











RANGER CAPITAL GROUP
We are a group of affiliated investment managers offering a range of products focused on traditional and alternative investment strategies












  





TRADITIONAL INVESTMENTS






  






RANGER INVESTMENTS
Ranger Investment Management’s quality growth oriented equities portfolios are managed with the objective of capturing and compounding returns in the small and mid-capitalization U.S. equity markets. The investment team’s high-conviction investment strategy is predicated on a thorough understanding of factors that influence an investment’s long-term value.  This approach reflects the team’s belief that focused portfolios not only present a greater likelihood of delivering returns differing significantly from the market average, but also of outperforming that average over the long term. Ranger believes quality stocks offer less risk and better odds of superior returns through full market cycles.




LEARN MORE











RANGER INTERNATIONAL
Ranger International Management specializes in global equity-income and growth, international equity and global equity strategies. In managing its income and growth strategy the investment team invests in multiple equity asset classes as it seeks to deliver meaningful income and capital gains.  Ranger International seeks stable, high quality international companies which can be purchased at attractive valuations. In each approach the investment team implements a bottom-up, fundamental research process to identify companies meeting its criteria for quality, financial strength and valuation. As a result of this disciplined approach, opportunity rather than benchmarks determines industry and country allocations.
 




LEARN MORE






  






RANGER INVESTMENTS
Ranger Investment Management’s quality growth oriented equities portfolios are managed with the objective of capturing and compounding returns in the small and mid-capitalization U.S. equity markets. The investment team’s high-conviction investment strategy is predicated on a thorough understanding of factors that influence an investment’s long-term value.  This approach reflects the team’s belief that focused portfolios not only present a greater likelihood of delivering returns differing significantly from the market average, but also of outperforming that average over the long term. Ranger believes quality stocks offer less risk and better odds of superior returns through full market cycles.




LEARN MORE




RANGER INTERNATIONAL
Ranger International Management is a boutique, research driven investment manager specializing in global equities with above market yield and international growth equity strategies. The investment team implements a disciplined bottom-up fundamental research process that seeks to identify global and international companies exhibiting quality and financial strength when they can be purchased at attractive valuations.   Ranger International’s unwavering dedication to quality of thought in its global dividend-focused and international equity disciplines is resolute and leads every investment decision.




LEARN MORE






  





ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS






  






RANGER DIRECT LENDING
The Ranger Specialty Income strategy and Ranger Direct Lending strategy seek to achieve superior risk-adjusted returns, short duration and strong monthly cash flow relative to traditional fixed-income investment strategies. Ranger believes that debt instruments originated or issued by direct lending platforms are an attractive and growing asset class that have the potential to provide higher returns for investors than traditional credit markets.   Disintermediation of banks from traditional lending channels has contributed to the growth of the direct lending marketplace and presents an opportunity to participate in multiple sectors and variations of direct lending.




LEARN MORE












RANGER EQUITY BEAR
Ranger Alternative Management, L.P. is the investment manager responsible for managing the Ranger Equity Bear ETF (NYSE Ticker: HDGE). HDGE is the first actively managed ETF which invests on a short basis only in U.S. equities. HDGE invests with the objective of generating positive relative risk-adjusted returns. The investment team implements a bottom-up, fundamental, research driven security selection process seeking to identify securities with low earnings quality or aggressive accounting practices; practices which may be intended on the part of company management to mask operational deterioration and bolster reported financial performance over a short time period. In addition, Ranger seeks to identify earnings driven events that may act as a catalyst to the price decline of a security, such as downward earnings revisions or reduced forward guidance.




LEARN MORE







  






RANGER DIRECT LENDING
The Ranger Specialty Income strategy and Ranger Direct Lending strategy seek to achieve superior risk-adjusted returns, short duration and strong monthly cash flow relative to traditional fixed-income investment strategies. Ranger believes that debt instruments originated or issued by direct lending platforms are an attractive and growing asset class that have the potential to provide higher returns for investors than traditional credit markets. Disintermediation of banks from traditional lending channels has contributed to the growth of the direct lending marketplace and presents an opportunity to participate in multiple sectors and variations of direct lending.




LEARN MORE




RANGER EQUITY BEAR
Ranger Alternative Management, L.P. is the investment manager responsible for managing the Ranger Equity Bear ETF (NYSE Ticker: HDGE). HDGE is the first actively managed ETF which invests on a short basis only in U.S. equities. HDGE invests with the objective of generating positive relative risk-adjusted returns. The investment team implements a bottom-up, fundamental, research driven security selection process seeking to identify securities with low earnings quality or aggressive accounting practices; practices which may be intended on the part of company management to mask operational deterioration and bolster reported financial performance over a short time period. In addition, Ranger seeks to identify earnings driven events that may act as a catalyst to the price decline of a security, such as downward earnings revisions or reduced forward guidance.




LEARN MORE







  






Ranger Capital Group is an employee-owned investment company founded in 2001.  We provide full, back-office support for our investment teams–including operations, compliance, technology, marketing, and distribution






  


































 Ranger Capital Group
2828 N. Harwood Street, Suite 1900
Dallas, Texas 75201
U.S.A.
Investor Relations: +1 (214) 871-5200

 


Ranger Investments
Ranger International
Ranger Lending Funds




Ranger Equity Bear
Ranger Mutual Funds








© 2017 Ranger Capital Group | Investment Manager | Investment Strategies | Direct Lending.  | Your use of this site signifies that you accept our Terms and Conditions of Use. | Site by Ardent Creative 














About Us
Contact


 




 


























>


Sharestates announces $30MM Investment by Ranger Capital Group








































































 



















Sharestates




























FAQ


Blog


Glossary


Press


































Sharestates announces $30MM Investment by Ranger Capital Group


May 28, 2016 by  Allen Shayanfekr


 





Sharestates, LLC (“Sharestates”) is thrilled to announce an investment by the Ranger Direct Lending Fund (“Ranger”), a pooled investment vehicle dedicated to direct lending investment. The Ranger Direct Lending Fund is advised by Ranger Alternative Management II, LP, a Ranger Capital Group affiliate. Ranger trades on the London Stock Exchange and recently completed a $200,000,000 public offering for investment in direct lending platforms.
Ranger Capital Group invests into Sharestates, real estate crowdfunding platform
Ranger Capital Group invests into Sharestates, a real estate crowdfunding platform. Sharestates and Ranger Capital Group have agreed to focus on debt offerings in New York State. Sharestates and Ranger are seeking to deploy up to $30MM in commitments in fraction and whole loan deals through sharestates.com. Ranger is intending to invest in residential, commercial, and mixed-use properties in New York, scaling their investments throughout the remainder of the year.
Allen Shayanfekr, CEO of Sharestates, LLC on relationship with Ranger  “On behalf of all of the team members at Sharestates, I want to express our excitement and appreciation over Ranger’s investment. The opportunity allows Sharestates to further enhance and diversify its product offerings while continuing to expand its relationships within the real estate community. It is truly a transformational deal for Sharestates, and a relationship we trust will only grow over time.”
“In our view, Sharestates is one of the most promising real estate platforms in the direct lending industry. Their on- boarding process was completely transparent and their management team was very easy to work with. We are excited to have them as a partner moving forward.” Bill Kassul, Partner in the Ranger Direct Lending Fund.
About Sharestates, real estate crowdfunding platform
Sharestates is an online real estate crowdfunding  platform that allows investors to participate in unique pre-vetted real estate projects. Sharestates sources and qualifies potential opportunities and offers securities to accredited investors through a transparent online platform. Sharestates is based in Great Neck, New York, founded by Allen Shayanfekr, Radni Davoodi, Raymond Y. Davoodi. To learn more about Sharestates, please visit https://www.sharestates.com
About Ranger Capital Group
Ranger Capital Group is an employee-owned holding company for registered investment advisors offering traditional and alternative investment opportunities to institutional and high net worth individual investors. Currently, Ranger affiliated investment advisers manage over $3 billion in assets.
For more information contact
 Kevin Shane, Investor Relations
 (212) 201-0750
 kevin@sharestates.com
Source: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sharestates-llc-announces-30mm-transformational-investment-by-ranger-capital-group-300077321.html
Sharestates as an institution does not provide legal or tax advice. Use of any information from this article is for general information only and does not represent legal or tax advice either express or implied.  Readers are encouraged to seek professional legal and tax advice and assistance.
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)

Related







    1 year ago by     
        Allen Shayanfekr    


 Love  Share
























 0
 







 < Prev post


Why you Don’t Need a Real Estate Broker
If you want to purchase physical real estate, a real estate broker is a great asset. They’ll help you identify...




Marketplace Lending vs. Traditional Real Estate Investing
Marketplace lending is an umbrella term used to describe a process of lending and investing online. A substantial slice of the marketplace...


 Next post >












 














































Loan Ranger Capital Investments, LLC  Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Loan Ranger Capital Investments, LLC  Financing
Loan Ranger Capital Investments, LLC just submitted form D announcing  Indefinite equity financing.  This is a new filing. Loan Ranger Capital Investments, LLC was able to sell $0. The total private offering amount was Indefinite. The financing was made by 0 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $0. The financing document was filed on 2016-12-30. Loan Ranger Capital Investments, LLC is based in  111 CONGRESS AVE SUITE 400 AUSTIN 78701. The firm's business is Other Real Estate. The firm's revenue range is Decline to Disclose. The form was signed by  Zachary Lofton.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001693582




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


X
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Loan Ranger Capital Investments, LLC
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
TEXAS
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2015


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Loan Ranger Capital Investments, LLC

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


111 CONGRESS AVE
SUITE 400


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


AUSTIN
TEXAS
78701
5129874936


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Lofton
Zachary
Aaron


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


111 Congress Ave
Suite 400


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Austin
TEXAS
78701



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Mr. Lofton is an officer of the issuer, is a promoter of the securities offered by the issuer, and owns an equity interest in the issuer.
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





X
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


X
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale

X
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$0

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$0

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
0


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Loan Ranger Capital Investments, LLC
Zachary Lofton
Zachary Lofton
President
2016-12-30


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Loan Ranger Capital Investments, LLC Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-30New Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$0006b[view]
Loan Ranger Capital Investments, LLC List of ExecutivesZachary Lofton











Last visited: GiveForward, Inc., Glacier Financial Partners, Ltd. Co., Givkwik, Inc., GlacierWealth Partners, LLC, GlacierWealth Partners, LLC

								© 
							














Ranger Specialty Income Fund Expands Into New Loan Markets By Teaming Up With Upstart 


































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Ranger Specialty Income Fund Expands Into New Loan Markets By Teaming Up With Upstart



Share Article


















Institutionally Structured Product Offers Investors Access to Attractive Yields Associated with Burgeoning Fixed-Income Asset Class








“The Upstart team has identified a borrower class that is currently not being serviced by either traditional or online lenders”, said Bill Kassul a principal of the Ranger Specialty Income Fund.


Dallas, TX (PRWEB)
May 05, 2014
 The Ranger Specialty Income Fund will begin investing in consumer loans though Upstart’s new lending platform. Upstart, which focuses on identifying quality loan applicants based on education-related metrics, recently launched a lending platform offering three-year term loans in amounts of $5,000 to $25,000. Upstart specializes in “thin-file” borrowers – individuals who have yet to establish a long credit history, but who exhibit levels of education, employability and earnings potential that has historically resulted in high repayment rates. 
“The Upstart team has identified a borrower class that is currently not being serviced by either traditional or online lenders," said Bill Kassul a principal of the Ranger Specialty Income Fund. “Investing through Upstart’s platform allows our fund to reduce investment risk through diversification with the potential to generate even higher returns through increased loan selection.”
The Ranger Specialty Income Fund seeks to provide both domestic and foreign investors with attractive yield and monthly cash flow attributable to investments in the peer-to-peer lending space. The arrangement with Upstart will allow the Fund to further diversify its investments, while expanding opportunities to invest at attractive yields. The fund has been investing in peer-to-peer loans since its inception in November 2013. 
“Better data means better underwriting,” said Dave Girouard, founder and CEO of Upstart. “so we’re pleased to work with Ranger on this new approach to identifying and servicing high quality borrowers."
Upstart’s lending model complements credit and financial information with education-related data, such as schools attended, area of study, GPA, and test scores that predict the borrower’s ability and propensity to repay a loan.  
About peer-to-peer lending
The burgeoning peer-to-peer asset class has a low correlation to equity and traditional fixed-income investments, and returns on these investments have generally been higher than many other types of fixed-income products. These returns are possible, in part, because the peer-to-peer lending marketplace attracts borrowers underserved by traditional banking sources. This development led to the rise of online peer-to-peer lending platforms that join investors and creditworthy borrowers. 
About Ranger Specialty Income Fund
The Ranger Specialty Income strategy uses a proprietary artificial intelligence system known as TruSight Technology™ to evaluate, select and invest in many of the peer-to-peer loans in the Ranger Specialty Income Fund portfolio.  Developed by Portfolio Manager Gary Melara exclusively for investing in peer-to-peer loans, artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms generated by TruSight evaluate data and hundreds of borrower credit fields from the peer-to-peer lending platforms.  TruSight algorithms seek to identify the important criteria of loans with the highest potential returns on investment. Ranger Specialty Income’s TruSight Technology and approach to peer-to-peer investing has been actively used for almost four years. 
For more information about the Ranger Specialty Income Fund, please contact Bill Kassul at 214-871-5270 or bkassul(at)rangercap(dot)com.
About Ranger Capital Group
The Ranger Specialty Income Fund, LP is advised by Ranger Alternative Management II, LP, a registered investment advisor which is affiliated and controlled by Ranger Capital Group.   Ranger Capital Group is an employee-owned holding company for registered investment advisors offering traditional and alternative investment opportunities to institutional and high net worth individual investors. Currently, Ranger affiliated investment advisers manage over $3 billion in assets.  Additional information regarding Ranger Capital Group and its affiliated investment advisers may be obtained on-line at http://www.rangercap.com. 
For more information, visit: http://www.rangerspecialtyincome.com.
About Upstart
Founded by ex-Googlers, Upstart goes beyond the FICO score to finance people based on signals of their potential, including schools attended, area of study, academic performance, and work history. Upstart’s proprietary underwriting model identifies high quality borrowers despite limited credit and employment experience. Upstart loans can be used for almost anything, including starting a business, paying for a coding bootcamp, eliminating student debt or paying off credit cards.
For more information, visit http://www.upstart.com.



Share article on socal media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Bill Kassul
Ranger Specialty Income Fund +1 2148715270
				Email >
			Bill Poteet
Ranger Capital Group 2148715206
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center























 



 Ranger Direct Lending Fund Plc Completes IPO On London Exchange 
         










    










 






 











 









Ranger Direct Lending Fund Plc Completes IPO On London Exchange

		  Fund targets attractive annual returns by investing predominantly in secured loans originated by established and emerging direct lending companies
		

May 06, 2015, 07:46 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Ranger Capital Group 











 
















































 

 




















 


DALLAS, May 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Ranger Direct Lending Fund Plc, a newly formed  investment trust focused on investing in loans originated by direct lending platforms, successfully completed its IPO in London Friday. The Company is overseen by Dallas-based Ranger Capital Group, and will trade on the London Stock Exchange under the ticker RDL. The offering raised approximately $200 million (£135m) at an initial price of £10 per share. Shares closed up 4% on the first day of trading. 
Scott Canon, CEO of Ranger Capital Group and a Director of the Fund is pleased that investors have recognized the opportunities presented by the direct lending market:
"We are delighted to have successfully completed the launch of the Ranger Direct Lending Fund and the level of support secured from investors underlines the unique investment opportunity the Fund provides. We take great pleasure in welcoming our new shareholders and look forward to deploying the proceeds enabling us to invest in debt obligations generated by established and emerging direct lending platforms."
Ranger Direct Lending Fund Plc will invest in a diversified portfolio of debt obligations that have been originated or issued by a variety of direct lending platforms. Direct lending companies originated over $50B in different types of small and medium enterprise (SME) loans last year by servicing clients that are underserved by traditional banks. The market opportunity has grown rapidly since the financial crisis as bank lending has become more regulated and banks have become more focused on larger loan amounts. 
The Fund managers expect to invest across multiple loan categories and industries including small business lending, real estate, auto, medical and specialty finance. Secured loans (backed by commercial assets and/or borrower personal guarantees) are targeted to represent 75% of the loan portfolio. The managers expect an average loan size of approximately $100,000 with average loan durations below two years.  
"We have a strong group of direct lending platform partners we are already working with and we will continue to add established direct lending opportunities as they present themselves," stated Bill Kassul, Partner in the Ranger Direct Lending Fund. "Direct lenders for the most part have been around for much longer than peer-to-peer lenders. Many of these organizations are experienced companies with proven underwriting models that have been successful through the financial crisis."
Trading in the Fund on the London Stock Exchange began on May 1st. Shares change hands in British pounds and the offering was advised by Liberum Capital, a London-based investment bank. 
About Ranger Capital Group
The Ranger Direct Lending Fund is advised by Ranger Alternative Management II, LP, an investment adviser registered with SEC which is controlled by Ranger Capital Group. Ranger Capital Group is an employee-owned holding company which hosts a variety of registered investment advisers offering traditional and alternative investment opportunities to institutional and high net worth individual investors. Currently, Ranger affiliated investment advisers manage over $3 billion in assets. Additional information regarding Ranger Capital Group and its affiliated investment advisers may be obtained on-line at www.rangercap.com.   
 SOURCE  Ranger Capital Group  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.rangercap.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  












Oct 06, 2014, 10:17 ET
Preview: Ranger Capital Group Partners With Banking Industry Executives To Assist Banks In Working With Online Lending Platforms






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












U.S. Trust - Credit and Banking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Credit and Banking
Financing and Liquidity Solutions
With our wide array of credit and banking capabilities, we can build a custom credit solution that works for you.






Custom credit
Sophisticated solutions for your credit needs1
Your financial strength allows you to use credit strategically to create and benefit from unique financial opportunities. We can provide financing solutions to help meet immediate short and long-term needs plus specialty financing options when your borrowing need is to acquire assets, including:

Yachts
Aircraft
Fine art
Investor commercial real estate
Hedge funds
Concentrated or restricted stock positions
Recreational real estate


Customized credit solutions can also play a crucial role in implementing your trust and wealth transfer strategies.
Private Client Line2
A flexible line of credit, secured by your investment management accounts at U.S. Trust. The Private Client Line is designed to help you meet liquidity needs and enhance your cash flow without depleting cash reserves or compromising your investment strategy.

Private Client Line 

Liquidity services
Simplified banking and enhanced convenience
A key component of your overall financial strategy should include cash management. At U.S. Trust, we offer traditional banking solutions and services designed to help you:

Manage traditional everyday liquidity
Maximize access and convenience to your funds
Generate competitive returns on your deposit balances

Your client team will develop a tailored financial strategy to help meet your short-term liquidity needs as well as your longer-term personal and financial goals.
Real estate finance
A strategic approach to structuring transactions
The right mortgage can not only meet your residential real estate needs, but can be a cornerstone of managing your wealth. You will be advised by a team of specialists who understand substantial real estate transactions and the importance of personalized loan structures. From traditional or customized mortgages to home equity lines of credit, we will work to find the right solution to help meet your needs.
Financial management tools
Sophisticated and secure account management services
Monitor and manage your U.S. Trust accounts at any time using our sophisticated and secure online and mobile3 banking capabilities. You can also view your accounts at other financial institutions4 and transfer funds from them into your U.S. Trust accounts.
If you own a small business, simplify your business banking and management through our powerful account management service. In addition to these everyday banking services, U.S. Trust offers special resources to families with particularly complex wealth needs and ownership structures.

1 Bank of America, N.A. and its affiliates do not serve in a fiduciary capacity when offering or providing any type of credit solution.
2 The Private Client Line is offered by U.S. Trust and not by or through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated. Credit is subject to approval. Normal credit standards apply.
3 You must first enroll in Online Banking and set up Transfers and Bill Pay. Wireless carrier fees may apply.
4 To view accounts from another financial institution, you must have online access set up with that institution.
Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Banking & Mortgage products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC.
AR-ARJKLDHJ-EXP-2017.12.14






Videos:


Art as a Source of Liquidity



Leveraging Your Art Collection








You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Wealth Structuring
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

Personalized Banking and Credit
Aviation Financing
Customized Marine Financing
Fine Art Lending




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Our Latest Thinking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login

























Our Latest Thinking











Identifying the main drivers of long-term change is key to investment success in the 21st century. We believe we are at the beginning of a secular growth phase for the U.S. economy driven largely by the rebalancing of global growth from the developed to the developing world. We focus on the long-term drivers, the macro forces and investment themes at play across industries that are taking us into the next growth cycle.
Learn More






2017 Mid-Year ISO: The Tortoise and the Hare Cycle

Learn More









2017 U.S. Trust Insights on Wealth and Worth®
Our Survey results reveal common success traits that create a picture of modern day wealth in America.
Learn More









Reaping What We Compute
The Future of Technology in Agriculture
Learn More






Making It Your Mission
What values drive and inform your giving?
Learn More






Estate Administration in the Digital Era
Modern technology and antiquated statutes can present estate administrators with unexpected challenges.
Learn More






Highlights from the 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of HNW Philanthropy
Our study reveals a passion for philanthropy but also uncertainty about the impact.
Watch The Video






Capital Acumen Issue 32
 The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






Art in a New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as a part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






The Growing Adoption of Wind Power
 The wind power industry is expected to deliver rapid job growth over the next decade.
Learn More






THE OWNER'S EMOTIONAL JOURNEY
 Lessons Learned Before, During and After the Sale of a Business 
Learn More






2017 Viewpoint: Shifting winds
Navigating Uncertainty with Specialty Assets
Learn More






Market Insights You Can Act On
Having the ability to have a pulse on what's going on around the world is absolutely critical.
Watch The Video









Alternative Energy: Powering a Brighter Future
Conventional sources are expected to continue to dominate the energy mix as the world moves toward a low-carbon economy
Learn More






Technology Is Disrupting Everything—Even Sneakers
CIO Chris Hyzy looks at game-changing innovation across industries and the often unexpected investment opportunities it's creating
Watch The Video






Sci-Fi M.D.: Moore's Law Meets the Hippocratic Oath
With technology generating futuristic advances, look for investment opportunities within healthcare — and beyond
Learn More






The Ripple Effect of Brexit
The repercussions of the UK's vote point to an uncertain future across the Eurozone and elsewhere.
Learn More






New Administration, New Realities for Investors
Optimism about the impact of President Trump's potentially pro-growth policies accelerates tectonic shifts in the markets.
Learn More






Five Investment Themes for 2017
Global equity markets are ending the year on a high note with solid gains for the fourth quarter so far in the U.S., Europe and Japan.
Learn More






PRESIDENT TRUMP: WHAT HIS TAX PROPOSALS COULD MEAN FOR YOU
Mitch Drossman discusses what tax-planning steps individuals and corporations should consider.
Watch The Video






The 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy 
Who's Giving to Which Causes and Why
Read More






Don't Fight the Fed
Despite unfavorable predictions from many economists, a stable dollar and the Federal Reserve's cautious stance seem to have staved off a global recession.
Read More






Investing in Iran: Roses or Thorns?
 In a nation newly open to foreign commerce, we find an abundance of investment opportunities — and caveats
Read More






In Conversation With Jane McGonigal
Shall we play a game? The author and video game designer talks time, gaming and the future.
Read More






IMPACT INVESTING: PEOPLE, THE PLANET AND PROFIT
As Impact Investing Comes Of Age, Investors Can Finally Seek a Better World and Return on Investment.
Learn More






Can China's Economy Bounce Back
DeAnne Steele on the depreciation of the yuan, the changing focus of the Chinese economy, and what it all means for investors.
Read More







Business Owners: You, Your Family, and Your Business
Working with a global financial services company helps enable you to address — and simplify — both your business and personal financial lives.

Learn More  







 KEEPING PENSION FUNDING GOALS IN SIGHT
This white paper investigates the use of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in pension funding strategies.
Learn More 






Investing for Maximum Impact
Today's investors are using their portfolios to change the world-without losing return potential
Learn More




 



Addressing Memory and Your Family
There is no cure for cognitive decline, but we have a partial solution: being prepared for the unexpected.
Watch The Video






Rebuilding America: The Road Ahead
U.S. roads and highways, bridges and power grids, and other critical infrastructure have fallen into dangerous disrepair.
Learn More






Timberland as a Sustainable Investment
Timberland offers an opportunity to pursue both—an environmentally sensitive investment platform and financial advantages.
Learn More







Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, highlights why women are growing into an economic superpower
Learn More







Women and Climate Change
Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, describes how women may be especially vulnerable to the effects of climate change
Learn More






Direct Real Estate Investing
Commercial real estate offers the potential for attractive yields, capital appreciation and valuable tax benefits.
Learn More






A fixed income investment approach designed to optimize after-tax yield and after-tax total return
Learn More






Experiences shared and lessons learned from entrepreneurs who successfully sold or transferred their businesses to family members.
Learn More









Intelligent Outsourcing
This white paper examines when the outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) arrangement may be appropriate for an organization.
Learn More






The Power of Positive Teaching
Educating children about the responsibilities of wealth can help keep them wealth-smart.
Learn More





Mitch Drossman, U.S. Trust's national director of wealth planning strategies, discusses the midterm election results, their possible legislative impact, and the implications from a tax-planning perspective.
Watch The Video












Specialty Asset Management
Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
Learn More






Transitioning America's Farmland
It's clear that over the next decade or so, much of America's farmland — now held or farmed by an aging generation — will need to be transitioned.
Learn More






From Best Practices to Next Practices
In search of long-term and sustained philanthropic impact.
Learn More






Making Specialty Asset Gifts Work for Your Organization
Without the proper planning, accepting gifts of real assets today can lead to unexpected and potentially costly consequences. Are you prepared?
Learn More






Women and Girls Equality Strategy
By applying a gender lens, investors can align their portfolios with the goal of supporting gender equality while seeking a market rate of return.
Learn More






The more successful and established entrepreneurs become, the more likely they are to want a more formal mechanism for giving.
Learn More






Family Wealth Services
Our comprehensive, values-based approach to meeting the wealth management needs of our clients and their families.
Learn More






The ElderCare Planning Program
We are committed to addressing the wealth management needs of our clients and their aging families.
Learn More






Personalized Banking and Credit
Your banking and credit needs deserve the same level of expertise as your investments.
Learn More






Customized Aviation Financing
Developing a financing strategy for your aircraft.
Learn More






Financial Empowerment
Prepare your children for the important financial opportunities that lie ahead.
Learn More






Financing a special and unique asset.
Learn More



 






 







Filter By:





Capabilities


Show All
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring and Planning
Credit & Banking




Topics


Show All

Tax Planning
Trusts and Estates
Non-Financial Assets
Philanthropy










Back to Top




AR-ARTPRMPV-EXP-2018.02.7























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)



   







U.S. Trust - Credit and Banking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Credit and Banking
Financing and Liquidity Solutions
With our wide array of credit and banking capabilities, we can build a custom credit solution that works for you.






Custom credit
Sophisticated solutions for your credit needs1
Your financial strength allows you to use credit strategically to create and benefit from unique financial opportunities. We can provide financing solutions to help meet immediate short and long-term needs plus specialty financing options when your borrowing need is to acquire assets, including:

Yachts
Aircraft
Fine art
Investor commercial real estate
Hedge funds
Concentrated or restricted stock positions
Recreational real estate


Customized credit solutions can also play a crucial role in implementing your trust and wealth transfer strategies.
Private Client Line2
A flexible line of credit, secured by your investment management accounts at U.S. Trust. The Private Client Line is designed to help you meet liquidity needs and enhance your cash flow without depleting cash reserves or compromising your investment strategy.

Private Client Line 

Liquidity services
Simplified banking and enhanced convenience
A key component of your overall financial strategy should include cash management. At U.S. Trust, we offer traditional banking solutions and services designed to help you:

Manage traditional everyday liquidity
Maximize access and convenience to your funds
Generate competitive returns on your deposit balances

Your client team will develop a tailored financial strategy to help meet your short-term liquidity needs as well as your longer-term personal and financial goals.
Real estate finance
A strategic approach to structuring transactions
The right mortgage can not only meet your residential real estate needs, but can be a cornerstone of managing your wealth. You will be advised by a team of specialists who understand substantial real estate transactions and the importance of personalized loan structures. From traditional or customized mortgages to home equity lines of credit, we will work to find the right solution to help meet your needs.
Financial management tools
Sophisticated and secure account management services
Monitor and manage your U.S. Trust accounts at any time using our sophisticated and secure online and mobile3 banking capabilities. You can also view your accounts at other financial institutions4 and transfer funds from them into your U.S. Trust accounts.
If you own a small business, simplify your business banking and management through our powerful account management service. In addition to these everyday banking services, U.S. Trust offers special resources to families with particularly complex wealth needs and ownership structures.

1 Bank of America, N.A. and its affiliates do not serve in a fiduciary capacity when offering or providing any type of credit solution.
2 The Private Client Line is offered by U.S. Trust and not by or through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated. Credit is subject to approval. Normal credit standards apply.
3 You must first enroll in Online Banking and set up Transfers and Bill Pay. Wireless carrier fees may apply.
4 To view accounts from another financial institution, you must have online access set up with that institution.
Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Banking & Mortgage products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC.
AR-ARJKLDHJ-EXP-2017.12.14






Videos:


Art as a Source of Liquidity



Leveraging Your Art Collection








You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Wealth Structuring
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

Personalized Banking and Credit
Aviation Financing
Customized Marine Financing
Fine Art Lending




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   









Washington Capitals (Caps) Tickets | Vivid Seats









































































Sports


MLB

View All MLB Tickets



NFL

View All NFL Tickets



NHL

View All NHL Tickets



NBA

View All NBA Tickets



NCAA

View All NCAA Tickets







ALL SPORTS

View All Sports Tickets





Concerts

View All Concert Tickets



Theater

View All Theater Tickets







Help
Sell Tickets

MY ACCOUNT
Dashboard
Order History
Listing Manager
Profile

Single Order Lookup
Sign in
















Sports

MLB
NFL
NHL
NBA
NCAA Basketball
NCAA Football
All Sports Tickets


Concerts
Theater

Account

Dashboard
Orders
Listing Manager
Profile


844.339.4289











Washington Capitals Tickets




Events

























Current Location
All Locations









Filter Results





Cancel
Done











Filters




















Date 
Event









Monday


Sep 18


7:00 PM





NHL Preseason - Washington Capitals at New Jersey Devils


Prudential Center
-
Newark, NJ



Tickets







Wednesday


Sep 20


7:00 PM





NHL Preseason - Washington Capitals at Montreal Canadiens


Bell Centre
-
Montreal, QC, CA



Tickets







Friday


Sep 22


7:00 PM





NHL Preseason - St. Louis Blues at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Saturday


Sep 23


7:00 PM





NHL Preseason - Carolina Hurricanes at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Wednesday


Sep 27


7:00 PM





NHL Preseason - New Jersey Devils at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Sunday


Oct 01


2:00 PM





NHL Preseason - Washington Capitals at St. Louis Blues


Scottrade Center
-
Saint Louis, MO



Tickets







Thursday


Oct 05


7:30 PM





Washington Capitals at Ottawa Senators


Canadian Tire Centre
-
Ottawa, ON, CA



Tickets







Saturday


Oct 07


7:00 PM





Montreal Canadiens at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Monday


Oct 09


7:30 PM





Washington Capitals at Tampa Bay Lightning


Amalie Arena
-
Tampa, FL



Tickets







Wednesday


Oct 11


7:30 PM





Pittsburgh Penguins at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Friday


Oct 13


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at New Jersey Devils


Prudential Center
-
Newark, NJ



Tickets







Saturday


Oct 14


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Philadelphia Flyers


Wells Fargo Center-PA
-
Philadelphia, PA



Tickets







Tuesday


Oct 17


7:00 PM





Toronto Maple Leafs at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Friday


Oct 20


7:30 PM





Washington Capitals at Detroit Red Wings


Little Caesars Arena
-
Detroit, MI



Tickets







Saturday


Oct 21


7:00 PM





Florida Panthers at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Thursday


Oct 26


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Vancouver Canucks


Rogers Arena
-
Vancouver, BC, CA



Tickets







Saturday


Oct 28


8:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Edmonton Oilers


Rogers Place
-
Edmonton, AB, CA



Tickets







Sunday


Oct 29


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Calgary Flames


Scotiabank Saddledome
-
Calgary, AB, CA



Tickets







Thursday


Nov 02


7:00 PM





New York Islanders at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Saturday


Nov 04


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Boston Bruins


TD Garden
-
Boston, MA



Tickets







Monday


Nov 06


7:00 PM





Arizona Coyotes at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Tuesday


Nov 07


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Buffalo Sabres


KeyBank Center
-
Buffalo, NY



Tickets







Friday


Nov 10


7:00 PM





Pittsburgh Penguins at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Sunday


Nov 12


7:00 PM





Edmonton Oilers at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Tuesday


Nov 14


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Nashville Predators


Bridgestone Arena
-
Nashville, TN



Tickets







Thursday


Nov 16


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Colorado Avalanche


Pepsi Center
-
Denver, CO



Tickets







Saturday


Nov 18


7:30 PM





Minnesota Wild at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Monday


Nov 20


7:00 PM





Calgary Flames at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Wednesday


Nov 22


7:00 PM





Ottawa Senators at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Friday


Nov 24


5:00 PM





Tampa Bay Lightning at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Saturday


Nov 25


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Toronto Maple Leafs


Air Canada Centre
-
Toronto, ON, CA



Tickets







Thursday


Nov 30


7:00 PM





Los Angeles Kings at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Saturday


Dec 02


7:00 PM





Columbus Blue Jackets at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Monday


Dec 04


7:00 PM





San Jose Sharks at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Wednesday


Dec 06


8:00 PM





Chicago Blackhawks at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Friday


Dec 08


7:00 PM





New York Rangers at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Monday


Dec 11


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at New York Islanders


Barclays Center
-
Brooklyn, NY



Tickets







Tuesday


Dec 12


7:00 PM





Colorado Avalanche at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Thursday


Dec 14


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Boston Bruins


TD Garden
-
Boston, MA



Tickets







Saturday


Dec 16


7:30 PM





Anaheim Ducks at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Tuesday


Dec 19


7:30 PM





Washington Capitals at Dallas Stars


American Airlines Center - TX
-
Dallas, TX



Tickets







Friday


Dec 22


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Arizona Coyotes


Gila River Arena
-
Glendale, AZ



Tickets







Saturday


Dec 23


5:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Vegas Golden Knights


T-Mobile Arena
-
Las Vegas, NV



Tickets







Wednesday


Dec 27


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at New York Rangers


Madison Square Garden
-
New York, NY



Tickets







Thursday


Dec 28


7:00 PM





Boston Bruins at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Saturday


Dec 30


7:00 PM





New Jersey Devils at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Tuesday


Jan 02, 2018


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals ay Carolina Hurricanes


PNC Arena
-
Raleigh, NC



Tickets







Friday


Jan 05, 2018


7:30 PM





Washington Capitals at Ottawa Senators


Canadian Tire Centre
-
Ottawa, ON, CA



Tickets







Sunday


Jan 07, 2018


3:00 PM





St. Louis Blues at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Tuesday


Jan 09, 2018


7:00 PM





Vancouver Canucks at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Thursday


Jan 11, 2018


7:00 PM





Carolina Hurricanes at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Friday


Jan 12, 2018


7:30 PM





Washington Capitals at Carolina Hurricanes


PNC Arena
-
Raleigh, NC



Tickets







Thursday


Jan 18, 2018


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at New Jersey Devils


Prudential Center
-
Newark, NJ



Tickets







Friday


Jan 19, 2018


7:30 PM





Montreal Canadiens at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Sunday


Jan 21, 2018


12:30 PM





Philadelphia Flyers at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Thursday


Jan 25, 2018


7:30 PM





Washington Capitals at Florida Panthers


BB&T Center
-
Sunrise, FL



Tickets







Wednesday


Jan 31, 2018


8:00 PM





Philadelphia Flyers at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Friday


Feb 02, 2018


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Pittsburgh Penguins


PPG Paints Arena
-
Pittsburgh, PA



Tickets







Sunday


Feb 04, 2018


12:30 PM





Las Vegas Golden Knights at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Tuesday


Feb 06, 2018


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Columbus Blue Jackets


Nationwide Arena
-
Columbus, OH



Tickets







Friday


Feb 09, 2018


7:00 PM





Columbus Blue Jackets at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Sunday


Feb 11, 2018


3:00 PM





Detroit Red Wings at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Tuesday


Feb 13, 2018


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Winnipeg Jets


Bell MTS Place
-
Winnipeg, MB, CA



Tickets







Thursday


Feb 15, 2018


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Minnesota Wild


Xcel Energy Center
-
Saint Paul, MN



Tickets







Saturday


Feb 17, 2018


7:30 PM





Washington Capitals at Chicago Blackhawks


United Center
-
Chicago, IL



Tickets







Tuesday


Feb 20, 2018


7:00 PM





Tampa Bay Lightning at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Thursday


Feb 22, 2018


7:30 PM





Washington Capitals at Florida Panthers


BB&T Center
-
Sunrise, FL



Tickets







Saturday


Feb 24, 2018


7:00 PM





Buffalo Sabres at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Monday


Feb 26, 2018


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Columbus Blue Jackets


Nationwide Arena
-
Columbus, OH



Tickets







Tuesday


Feb 27, 2018


7:00 PM





Ottawa Senators at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Tuesday


Mar 06, 2018


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Anaheim Ducks


Honda Center
-
Anaheim, CA



Tickets







Thursday


Mar 08, 2018


7:30 PM





Washington Capitals at Los Angeles Kings


Staples Center
-
Los Angeles, CA



Tickets







Saturday


Mar 10, 2018


1:00 PM





Washington Capitals at San Jose Sharks


SAP Center
-
San Jose, CA



Tickets







Monday


Mar 12, 2018


7:00 PM





Winnipeg Jets at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Thursday


Mar 15, 2018


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at New York Islanders


Barclays Center
-
Brooklyn, NY



Tickets







Friday


Mar 16, 2018


7:00 PM





New York Islanders at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Sunday


Mar 18, 2018


5:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Philadelphia Flyers


Wells Fargo Center-PA
-
Philadelphia, PA



Tickets







Tuesday


Mar 20, 2018


7:00 PM





Dallas Stars at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Thursday


Mar 22, 2018


7:30 PM





Washington Capitals at Detroit Red Wings


Little Caesars Arena
-
Detroit, MI



Tickets







Saturday


Mar 24, 2018


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at Montreal Canadiens


Bell Centre
-
Montreal, QC, CA



Tickets







Monday


Mar 26, 2018


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at New York Rangers


Madison Square Garden
-
New York, NY



Tickets







Wednesday


Mar 28, 2018


8:00 PM





New York Rangers at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Friday


Mar 30, 2018


7:00 PM





Carolina Hurricanes at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Sunday


Apr 01, 2018


7:30 PM





Washington Capitals at Pittsburgh Penguins


PPG Paints Arena
-
Pittsburgh, PA



Tickets







Monday


Apr 02, 2018


7:00 PM





Washington Capitals at St. Louis Blues


Scottrade Center
-
Saint Louis, MO



Tickets







Thursday


Apr 05, 2018


7:00 PM





Nashville Predators at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets







Saturday


Apr 07, 2018


7:00 PM





New Jersey Devils at Washington Capitals


Verizon Center
-
Washington, DC



Tickets








Washington Capitals Ticket Information
As one of the most competitive franchises in the NHL, the Capitals are constantly challenging for a berth in the Stanley Cup Finals, Don't miss out on a chance to witness their latest onslaught of talent by purchasing Washington Capitals tickets now join with the crowd willing them to victory at the Verizon Center. Hall of Famers like Scott Stevens and Mike Gartner to set the table, today’s exciting Caps are looking to finish the job. We’re dedicated to providing you with the best Capitals tickets as easily as possible, and with our 100% Buyer Guarantee, all of the usual concerns associated with buying tickets online are put to rest. To find the best seats available for Capitals hockey, just follow these steps:

Evaluate the Washington Capitals schedule and decide which matchup seems the most enticing. To help you, we’ve created filters like the home or away game option and weekend or weekday option to make the decision simpler.
Use the price range bar to show Washington Capitals tickets within your budget, or just click on the venue's seating chart directly, to find the specific Caps tickets you want. Any questions can be handled by our support team at 866.848.8499 or via Live Chat.
Log into your account and fill in the billing and shipping information. Credit cards and Paypal are accepted payment forms, and you can select the secure shipping option that works best for you, including FedEx, email, and special deliveries for last-minute orders.




NHL Teams



Anaheim Ducks


Boston Bruins


Buffalo Sabres


Calgary Flames


Carolina Hurricanes


Chicago Blackhawks


Colorado Avalanche


Columbus Blue Jackets


Dallas Stars


Detroit Red Wings


Edmonton Oilers


Florida Panthers


Los Angeles Kings


Minnesota Wild


Montreal Canadiens


Nashville Predators




New Jersey Devils


New York Islanders


New York Rangers


Ottawa Senators


Philadelphia Flyers


Arizona Coyotes


Pittsburgh Penguins


San Jose Sharks


St. Louis Blues


Tampa Bay Lightning


Toronto Maple Leafs


Vancouver Canucks


Washington Capitals


Winnipeg Jets


Vegas Golden Knights








100% Buyer Guarantee



Valid tickets delivered in time for the event or your money back





Secure transactions backed by full service customer care





Full refund for events that are canceled and not rescheduled





Looking for Washington Capitals Parking?
Find Parking


Postseason Tickets



Capitals Playoff Tickets







Team
News



Washington Capitals 2016-17
Notable 2016-17 Washington Capitals Home Matchups: New York Rangers (10/22, 4/5), Florida Panthers (11/5, 4/9), Pittsburgh Penguins (11/16, 1/11), Chicago Blackhawks (1/13), Los Angeles Kings (2/5)
2015-16 Record: 56-18-8
Finish in Division: 1st
Postseason: Conference Semifinals



Top NHL Tickets



NHL All Star Game Tickets


NHL Heritage Classic Tickets


NHL Playoff Tickets


NHL Stadium Series Tickets


NHL Winter Classic Tickets


Stanley Cup Finals Tickets





From the Blog



NHL Road Draws 2016-17


NHL Team Rankings By Median Ticket Price


Most Popular NHL Teams By US State


NHL Divisional Finals 2015 Ticket Prices


Blackhawks vs Capitals Paces Start of 2013-14 NHL Season









THE BEST DEALS JUST GOT BETTER





FAN 4 EVERYTHING
Buy 4 different events,get a $50 GIFT CARD




FRONT OF THE LINE

Service you wont get

anywhere else.

LEARN MORE













 




Contact Us | Vivid Seats

































Sell |
Account |
Order Status |
Help Center





 Search








Home /
Contact Customer Service














Contact Customer Service


We want to ensure your Vivid Seats shopping experience is pleasant, fast, simple, and secure.























Have questions?
If you have a specific concern, check out our answers to customers' most common questions in the Knowledge Base.
Browse FAQs











Live Chat
Contact us via Live Chat from 7 a.m. – 12 a.m. every day and receive real-time responses to pressing questions from one of our trained agents.
7:00a – Midnight CST — Live Chat
Chat with an agent





Call Us
Give us a call at one of the numbers below! Sales agents and customer service agents are available to assist you every day at the times listed below.

7:00a – Midnight CST — Sales
8:00a – 8:00p CST — Customer Service


Call toll-free: 844.339.4289
International: 925.206.3066












Success! Your message has been submitted to our customer support team.

Please check your inbox for a confirmation messaging containing your support ticket reference number. We will respond as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience.




Sorry, we were unable to submit your request.

If you continue to get an error, Please email support@vividseats.com with your concerns and we will respond as soon as possible.


Send us a message



Your Name*





Email Address*





Phone Number





Category


Please select an option...
I would like assistance purchasing tickets.
When will I receive tickets I have already purchased?
There is a problem with my order.
I would like assistance selling tickets.
I need help with tickets I have already sold.
Other




Order Number





Comments*






Submit









Interested in contacting us about our other services and programs?





Partnerships

Leading media organizations, schools, teams, venues, and theaters have formed official partnerships with Vivid Seats to help us enrich our customers' live event experience. Interested in becoming one of our partners?

Become a Partner







Vivid Values Rewards Program

Looking to redeem a Vivid Value promotion? Visit our Vivid Values page, enter your information and order ID(s), and enjoy huge savings on your next event. The more you see, the more you save!

View and Redeem Values









Affiliate Program

We help our affiliates monetize their sites by connecting their customers to our massive ticket inventory—all while providing customer support, links, and custom banner ads. Interested in becoming a Vivid Seats affiliate?

Join our Affiliate Program







Corporate Ticket Program

Organizing an event? Our Corporate Ticket Program provides companies with industry-leading prices, superior access, and ticket selection to fit their needs. To learn more or speak to a hospitality and event specialist, click below.

Enroll your business











Media Inquiries
For press and media inquiries, visit our Press page. There, you'll find all the necessary forms and contact information.
Press







Our Location
225 W. Randolph, 30th Floor
Chicago, IL 60606














 




The Vivid Seats Difference 

































Sell |
Account |
Order Status |
Help Center





 Search








Home /
Vivid Seats Difference












Vivid Seats

About Us
Experience Vivid Seats
Buyer Guarantee
Is Vivid Seats Legitimate?
Vivid Seats App
Contact Customer Service
Customer Testimonials
Company Reviews
Careers
FAQs
Press
Data Resource
Partners
Affiliate Program
Corporate Ticket Program
Giveback Nonprofit Program
Vivid Values Rewards Program
Vivid Seats Scholarship Program
Sales Terms
Privacy Policy
Site Map









Experience
Vivid Seats

Going to watch your favorite team, band, or show can create memories that will last a lifetime… but finding and buying your tickets can be frustrating and costly. That's why we created Vivid Seats - to give you the best seats in the house with the best value in the industry. Go ahead… live large AND spend less.






















All Access Selection
It all starts with finding the tickets, and Vivid Seats has the top relationships in the industry. When it matters most—for the biggest and hottest events—no one can beat Vivid Seats' selection. We work hard to find the best seat choices at the lowest prices. From a front-row 'dream seat' to an affordable 'just get me in' upper balcony, we have choices for whatever fits your needs and your budget.




VIP Service
Ever notice how the service is always better in the VIP areas? Well, that's our approach for all our customers! We have the most responsive sales and customer service center in the industry; we handle any and all of your concerns from start-to-finish; and we never force you to track down the seller if you have a question. We pledge to work vigorously on your behalf so you can focus on getting excited for your event and not worry about your order. Please call us anytime at 844.339.4289!




Backstage Security
Vivid Seats is the safest, most secure site to purchase live event tickets in the industry. Many other ticketing sites pass along your credit card information to whoever is selling the tickets—but not us! We believe your personal information should stay private and secure. We follow best-in-class web security protocols, and back all your purchases with our 100% Buyer Guarantee: you will safely and securely get the authentic tickets you ordered, on-time, and supported by our dedicated and helpful in-house customer service team.




Rockstar Savings
We know the right tickets to your favorite event can be expensive, which is why we keep our prices as low as possible. We invest heavily in technology and automation, all to keep costs down and pass the savings on to you. No other full-service provider offers the affordability that we do, making us the clear value leader in the industry. Buy with us and bring a larger group, save enough to pay for souvenirs, or just sit closer for your dollar. So, stop shopping around—discover Vivid Seats and get the best value in tickets!












 




About Us | Vivid Seats Ltd.

































Sell |
Account |
Order Status |
Help Center





 Search








Home /
About Us












Vivid Seats

About Us
Experience Vivid Seats
Buyer Guarantee
Is Vivid Seats Legitimate?
Vivid Seats App
Contact Customer Service
Customer Testimonials
Company Reviews
Careers
FAQs
Press
Data Resource
Partners
Affiliate Program
Corporate Ticket Program
Giveback Nonprofit Program
Vivid Values Rewards Program
Vivid Seats Scholarship Program
Sales Terms
Privacy Policy
Site Map









About Us
More than tickets, Vivid Seats…




















Vivid Seats was created out of a genuine love for attending live events…
We all feel the anticipation right after the lights go down. We remember the sounds of the orchestra pit tuning their instruments to deliver enchanting musical scores and standing ovations. We remember the blazing guitar solos, the last second scores, the come-from-behind wins, and the cheers of the fans. It's no accident we're named Vivid Seats…"vivid" comes from the Latin word "vivere" which means "to live"…and going to live events gives you the chance to live the music, live the culture, and live the glory that all generate the vivid memories and unique stories that will last a lifetime! 
Our Purpose
We know that the live event experience starts long before you step into the venue. From the moment you learn about the event, you start figuring out if you can go, who you want to go with, and where you want to sit. Those decisions are all part of what can make the experience great… or, on the other hand, a frustrating hassle. With this in mind, we created Vivid Seats to reinvent the ticket purchasing experience. We have the best tools in the industry for you to learn, shop, share, plan, and organize your live event experience. We continually invest in our site's functionality and information so that you can go from start-to-finish faster and easier than on any other ticket website. And we've worked hard to be the leader in providing value, uniquely combining discount prices with premium service. Simply put, we want you to be able to go to as many live events as possible, and we want to provide the best experience in the industry!
Our Guarantee
We also know that buying tickets requires trust—nobody wants to get ripped off and no one wants to worry about their tickets. That's why we designed our site to be the safest, most secure way to buy tickets online. We never pass along your personal information to the seller, and we back all orders with our 100% Buyer Guarantee. While many of our competitors let just about anyone sell a ticket without sticking around to help, our service covers the rigorous screening process we apply to all the sellers on our website and supports our dedicated, in-house customer service team. We are there to protect and help you all along the way. We invest in the process and infrastructure so that you can purchase tickets worry-free. 
 Our Commitment
We are committed to earning your satisfaction with every order. We have the most responsive customer service team in the industry with decades of professional experience satisfying our thousands of loyal customers and corporate clients. We are here to help you from start to finish…any time…all the time. Getting the right seats at the right price in a fast-moving market requires skilled, efficient, professional coordination. Our full service staff is there to do just that—fully dedicated to giving you the best ticket buying experience in the industry!
As the gateway to your spectacular and memorable live event experiences, we want you to look forward to your upcoming concert, show, or game with confidence, peace of mind, and genuine happiness and excitement, every step of the way. Vivid Seats is your ticket to live events!
Jerry and Eric, Founders
















Borrow up to $35K | Discover Personal Loans


























Say hello to possibilities
With loans up to $35,000, a Discover Personal Loan can help you do more.
Get Started for a Discover Personal Loan








No hidden fees
No origination fees, no closing fees, and no prepayment penalties. There are no other fees as long as you pay on time.







Flexible repayment terms, fixed rates
Choose the repayment term that works for you from 36 to 84 months. Then lock in a rate from 6.99% to 24.99%.







Funds sent fast
We can send funds to you or directly to your creditors in as little as one business day after acceptance.*
*May take longer to receive funds







Easily apply online
Apply in just minutes with our quick and secure online application. That means whenever you’re ready, so are we.






Estimate your monthly payment with a Discover Personal Loan






              Choose between $2,500 and $35,000
              




What’s this loan for?
 Auto Repair
 Credit Card Refinancing
 Debt Consolidation
 Green Loans
 Major Purchase
 Medical Expenses
 Other
 Personal
 Taxes
 Vacation
 Wedding




How’s your credit?
Exceptional (800-850)
Very Good (740-799)
Good (670-739)
Fair (580-669)
Poor Credit



Estimate Payment





A Discover Personal Loan gives you options other lenders don’t



Get more time
Choose a term that works for you up to 84 months.



30 day guarantee
Return loan funds within 30 days and pay no interest.



No hidden fees*
With us, you’ll never pay origination fees or closing costs.
* No fees as long as you pay on time.





Ready for a Discover Personal Loan?
See if you qualify in minutes.
Get Started for a Discover Personal Loan



















Debt Consolidation Loans up to $35K | Discover Personal Loans


























Don’t let debt rule you
With debt consolidation loans up to $35,000, Discover can help you get out of higher interest debt.
Get Started for a Discover Personal Loan








Lock in a lower rate
With fixed rates from 6.99% to 24.99% APR, you could lower your current payments, save on interest, and pay off debt faster.







Choose your term
With terms from 36 to 84 months, you can pay down your debt with a term that works for you.







Make one monthly payment
Consolidate debt from credit cards, store cards, auto loans, or medical bills into one easy monthly payment.







Pay off creditors directly
We can send funds directly to your creditors. You’ll simplify your finances while you clear higher interest debt.






Estimate your monthly payment with a Discover Personal Loan






              Choose between $2,500 and $35,000
              




What’s this loan for?
 Auto Repair
 Credit Card Refinancing
 Debt Consolidation
 Green Loans
 Major Purchase
 Medical Expenses
 Other
 Personal
 Taxes
 Vacation
 Wedding




How’s your credit?
Exceptional (800-850)
Very Good (740-799)
Good (670-739)
Fair (580-669)
Poor Credit



Estimate Payment





A Discover Personal Loan gives you options other debt consolidation loans don’t



Up to 84 months
Choose a repayment plan up to 84 months.



30 day guarantee
Return loan funds within 30 days and pay no interest.



No hidden fees*
With us, you'll never pay origination fees or closing costs.
* No fees as long as you pay on time.





Take control with a Discover Personal Loan
Take back your financial life and start saving today.
Get Started for a Discover Personal Loan



















Loans up to $35K | Discover Personal Loans



































		        The information you provided does not match our records.Please try again or use our Log In Assistance Tool.
		        




Secure Account Login








Remember Me




Forgot User ID/Password?
Register Now













Achieve more with a Discover Personal Loan
Loans up to $35,000. Rates from 6.99% to 24.99% APR. All with Discover’s U.S.-based customer service.
Get Started for a Discover Personal Loan








Take Control
Use your loan to consolidate high-interest debt, finance a dream wedding, or pay for a once-in-a-lifetime vacation.







Save on interest
When you lock in a fixed interest rate, you could lower your current payments and save money on interest.







Flexible repayment terms
Choose the term that works for you-from 36 months up to 84 months. With Discover, you’re in control.







Funds sent fast
Discover can send funds directly to your creditors or your bank account in as little as one business day after acceptance.*
* May take longer to receive funds.






Estimate your monthly payment with a Discover Personal Loan






              Choose between $2,500 and $35,000
              




What’s this loan for?
 Auto Repair
 Credit Card Refinancing
 Debt Consolidation
 Green Loans
 Major Purchase
 Medical Expenses
 Other
 Personal
 Taxes
 Vacation
 Wedding




How’s your credit?
Exceptional (800-850)
Very Good (740-799)
Good (670-739)
Fair (580-669)
Poor Credit



Estimate Payment





A Discover Personal Loan gives you options other lenders don’t



Up to 84 months
Discover offers terms from 36 to 84 months.



30 day guarantee
Return loan funds within 30 days and pay no interest.



No hidden fees*
With us, you'll never pay origination fees or closing costs.
* No fees as long as you pay on time.





Get started with a Discover Personal Loan
See if you qualify in minutes.
Get Started for a Discover Personal Loan




















Loan Rate Calculator | Discover Personal Loans


























Find your financial freedom
See how much you could save with the Discover Personal Loan calculator.



How low could your monthly payments be?






              Choose between $2,500 and $35,000
              




What’s this loan for?
 Auto Repair
 Credit Card Refinancing
 Debt Consolidation
 Green Loans
 Major Purchase
 Medical Expenses
 Other
 Personal
 Taxes
 Vacation
 Wedding




How’s your credit?
Exceptional (800-850)
Very Good (740-799)
Good (670-739)
Fair (580-669)
Poor Credit



Estimate Payment










Lower your current payment
Fixed rates from 6.99% to 24.99% APR, you could lower your interest rate — so you can pay off your debt faster.







No hidden fees
No origination fees, no closing costs, no prepayment penalties. As long as you pay on time, you won’t pay any fees.







Flexible repayment plans
We offer terms from 36 months all the way up to 84 months, so you can choose the plan that works for you. 






A Discover Personal Loan gives you options other lenders don’t



Up to 84 months
Get more time to pay off debt—from 36 to 84 months.



30 day guarantee
Return loan funds within 30 days and pay no interest.



No hidden fees*
With us, you'll never pay origination fees or closing costs.
* No fees as long as you pay on time.





Start saving with a Discover Personal Loan
Get a loan up to $35,000. See if you qualify.
Get Started for a Discover Personal Loan














