






 Gary Locke  - Professionals - Davis Wright Tremaine






















































skip to main content





Experience List








                
                中文
            


Search TipsSearch








          Search Tips
        
        To search for an exact phrase, place it in quotation marks, as in: “aircraft financing”.To search on all forms of a root word, add an asterisk, as in: financ*. Results will include pages with finance, financial, financing, etc.
      


PEOPLE



PRACTICES



OFFICES



ADVISORIES & BLOGS



ABOUT US



CAREERS
































Profile
News





Related Practices
China





















Gary Locke
  LockeGary 




Chairman, Locke Global Strategies LLC
Senior Advisor & Consultant, Davis Wright Tremaine LLP



Download vCard






Seattle
T206.757.8223
F206.757.7223














Gov. Gary Locke is an advisor and consultant for Davis Wright Tremaine. He consults with DWT’s domestic and international clients in several key areas, including:Trade, regulatory, and investment policy issues at the local, state, national, and international levels, andProviding guidance and direction on doing business in China and in the United States.Gov. Locke’s unique understanding of the complexities in the U.S.-China political and economic relationships has earned him the trust and respect of an inner circle of business and government leaders in both countries who value his insight. He has demonstrated a remarkable ability to function within the highest levels of the top Chinese government. For example, Gov. Locke served as the co-chairman of the Washington Welcoming Committee for the Seattle visit of PRC President Xi Jinping in September 2015. In 1997 Locke met with President Jiang Zemin. They enjoyed several more meetings over the next few years. In 2004, Locke visited at length with President Hu Jintao in Beijing. They had met initially when Hu was vice president. As a result of these relationships, in 2006, Gov. Locke was asked by the Chinese Ambassador to the United States, Ambassador Zhou Wenzhong, to plan and coordinate a visit to Washington by PRC President Hu Jintao. The event was a resounding success. A CAREER DEVOTED TO PUBLIC SERVICEU.S. Ambassador to China – 2011 to 2014Locke served as America’s 10th Ambassador to China. During his tenure in Beijing, he worked to open markets for U.S.-made goods and services; reduced wait times for visa interviews of Chinese applicants from 100 days to three days, and was instrumental in making accurate air quality information accessible to people living in China. U.S. Commerce Secretary – 2009 to 2011As the 36th Commerce Secretary, Locke aggressively led the effort to implement President Obama's National Export Initiative to double American exports in five years; he assumed a troubled 2010 Census process, which, under his active supervision ended on time and substantially under budget, saving taxpayers $2 billion; and he achieved the most significant reduction in patent application processing time in the agency's history: from 40 months down to one year. Gov. Locke also oversaw a significant first step in the president’s export control reform effort that strengthened national security, while making U.S. companies more competitive by easing their licensing burden for high-tech exports to partners and allies.Washington State Governor – 1997 to 2005A two-term Governor of Washington and the first Chinese-American Governor in the history of the United States, Locke fostered robust and constructive economic relations between China and the state of Washington. He helped open doors for Washington businesses by leading 10 productive trade missions to Asia, Mexico, and Europe, significantly expanding the sale of Washington products and services. He also successfully strengthened economic ties between China and Washington. His visits are credited with introducing Washington companies to China and helping more than double the state's exports to China to over $5 billion per year.During Locke’s tenure in Olympia, he achieved bipartisan welfare reform and oversaw the gain of 280,000 private sector jobs, despite two national recessions. Gov. Locke’s accomplishments, management skills, and innovations in government efficiency have won him acclaim by nationally recognized authors and organizations, including Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government. During his time in office, Washington was ranked as one of the four best managed states in America.Additional QualificationsWashington State House of Representatives - 1983-1994King County Executive - 1994-1997King County Deputy Prosecutor – 1975-1980MEMBERSHIPSThe Committee of 100, Member: A national nonpartisan organization composed of American citizens of Chinese descent who have achieved positions of leadership in the U.S. in a broad range of professions. PERSONAL BACKGROUND & EDUCATIONBorn into a Chinese immigrant family, Gov. Locke spent his first six years in Seattle’s Yesler Terrace, a public housing project for families of World War II veterans. He worked in his father’s grocery store, became an Eagle Scout, and graduated with honors from Seattle’s Franklin High School in 1968. Gov. Locke attended Yale University, where he received his bachelor’s degree in political science (1972). He earned his law degree from Boston University (1975). Gov. Locke is not an active member of the Washington State Bar and neither he nor his consulting firm provides legal services.LOCKE GLOBAL STRATEGIESGov. Locke will be providing his services through Locke Global Strategies, his wholly owned consulting company. Locke Global Strategies provides strategic advice and consulting services to businesses in the United States and China across a spectrum of issues and industries, including international trade.














Download Basic Bio


Download Full Bio





Related Practices
China




























SITEMAP

SIGN UP FOR ADVISORIES







HOME
PEOPLE
PRACTICES
ADVISORIES & BLOGS

Advisories
Blogs

DWT BOOKSTORE










                        	                CAREERS
                        	            

Job OpportunitiesA Day In The LifeLateral AttorneysEntry-Level AssociatesSummer AssociatesStaffProfessional Development
PUBLICATIONS
PRESENTATIONS




ABOUT US
Firm OverviewAlumniCareersDWT De NovoDiversity & InclusionEvents & CLEsIn Our CommunitiesNewsPro BonoProfessional DevelopmentSuccess StoriesSustainability




OFFICES

Anchorage
Bellevue
Los Angeles
New York
Portland
San Francisco
Seattle
Shanghai
Washington, D.C.







EMPLOYEE LOGIN
DWTCONNECT

STAY CONNECTED 






FEEDBACK










AFFILIATIONS|LEGAL NOTICES & PRIVACY POLICY|CONTACT US
|


                
                中文
            



©1996-2017 Davis Wright Tremaine LLP. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Attorney Advertising. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.




















A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z
View All








Office
Anchorage
Bellevue
Los Angeles
New York
Portland
San Francisco
Seattle
Shanghai
Washington, D.C.






Title
Associate
Counsel
Of Counsel
Partner
Senior Counsel
Non-Lawyer Professional
Professional Staff
Attorney
Legal Intern
Office Administrator
Patent Agent
Patent Scientist
Recruiting
Law Clerk
Chairman, Locke Global Strategies LLC
Senior Policy Advisor, Energy & Climate

PracticeAdvertising, Marketing & PromotionsBankruptcy & Creditors' RightsChinaCommunications RegulatoryCommunications, Media, IP & TechnologyCorporate and Business TransactionsEmployment, Labor & BenefitsEnergyEntertainmentEnvironmental & Natural ResourcesFinancial ServicesFood, Beverage, Restaurants & HotelsGovernment Relations & LitigationHealth CareImmigrationIntellectual PropertyLitigationMedia & First AmendmentPayment SystemsPrivacy & SecurityReal EstateTax-Exempt OrganizationsTechnologyTrusts & Estates




























Advertising, Marketing & Promotions
Bankruptcy & Creditors' Rights
China
Communications Regulatory
Communications, Media, IP & Technology
Corporate and Business Transactions
Employment, Labor & Benefits
Energy
Entertainment
Environmental & Natural Resources
Financial Services
Food, Beverage, Restaurants & Hotels
Government Relations & Litigation
Health Care
Immigration
Intellectual Property
Litigation
Media & First Amendment
Payment Systems
Privacy & Security
Real Estate
Tax-Exempt Organizations
Technology
Trusts & Estates





Can't find what you are looking for? Click here to view all practices.

























Anchorage
Bellevue
Los Angeles
New York
Portland
San Francisco
Seattle
Shanghai
Washington, D.C.













                                                        Anchorage
                                                    



                                                        T
                                                    
                                                        907.257.5300
                                                    


                                                    Suite 1100188 West Northern Lights Blvd.Anchorage, AK 99503-3985
                                                


















                                                        Bellevue
                                                    



                                                        T
                                                    
                                                        425.646.6100
                                                    


                                                    Suite 2300777 108th Avenue NEBellevue, WA 98004-5149
                                                


















                                                        Los Angeles
                                                    



                                                        T
                                                    
                                                        213.633.6800
                                                    


                                                    Suite 2400865 South Figueroa StreetLos Angeles, CA 90017-2566
                                                


















                                                        New York
                                                    



                                                        T
                                                    
                                                        212.489.8230
                                                    


                                                    21st Floor1251 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10020-1104
                                                


















                                                        Portland
                                                    



                                                        T
                                                    
                                                        503.241.2300
                                                    


                                                    Suite 24001300 SW Fifth AvenuePortland, OR 97201-5610
                                                


















                                                        San Francisco
                                                    



                                                        T
                                                    
                                                        415.276.6500
                                                    


                                                    Suite 800505 Montgomery StreetSan Francisco, CA 94111-6533
                                                


















                                                        Seattle
                                                    



                                                        T
                                                    
                                                        206.622.3150
                                                    


                                                    Suite 22001201 Third AvenueSeattle, WA 98101-3045
                                                


















                                                        Shanghai
                                                    



                                                        T
                                                    
                                                        011.8621.6170.9500
                                                    


                                                    Suite 701-704Two International Finance Centre8 Century Avenue, Pudong DistrictShanghai, People's Republic of China,  200120
                                                


















                                                        Washington, D.C.
                                                    



                                                        T
                                                    
                                                        202.973.4200
                                                    


                                                    Suite 8001919 Pennsylvania Avenue NWWashington, DC 20006-3401
                                                





























Advisories


Advisories By Practice
Access to Public Records & Proceedings
Advertising, Marketing & Promotions
Agribusiness
Antitrust
Appellate Litigation
Arbitration
Art & Images
Bankruptcy & Creditors' Rights
Cable
California Employment Group
California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC)
Cards, Payment Systems & Loyalty Programs
China
Class Action Defense
Cleantech
Climate Change
Cloud Services
Commercial Lending
Commercial Speech & Advertising
Communications Regulatory
Communications, Media, IP & Technology
Construction & Design Professionals
Consumer Lending
Copyright
Copyright Litigation
Corporate and Business Transactions
Corporate Finance & Securities
Corporate Governance
Credit Cards, Enterprise Risk & Bankruptcy
Defamation & Privacy
Digital Health
Digital Media
Education
Electric Power
Electronic Discovery
Emerging Payments and Prepaid
Employee Benefits
Employment Class Actions
Employment Counseling
Employment Litigation
Employment, Labor & Benefits
Energy
Energy Project Development & Finance
Energy Regulation & Litigation
Energy Transactions
Entertainment
Entertainment Transactions
Environmental & Natural Resources
Environmental Litigation
ERISA Litigation
Executive Compensation
Export Controls and Trade Sanctions Compliance
Family Business
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC)
Film
Financial Services
Food + Beverage
Food, Beverage, Restaurants & Hotels
Franchising
Games
Government Contracts Counseling & Litigation
Government Financing
Government Regulation of Content
Government Relations & Litigation
Health & Safety
Health Care
Health Care Finance
Health Care Litigation
Health Care Mergers & Acquisitions
Health Care Operations
Health Care Real Estate
Health Care Reform
Health Care Regulation & Compliance
Health Care Reimbursement & Payment
Health Information
Health Information Privacy, Security & Breach Response
Health Information Technology
Hospitals
Hotels & Resorts
Hydroelectric Licensing & Compliance
Immigration
Incident Response & Breach Coaching
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Litigation
Internet & E-Commerce
Labor
Land Use
Lifeline Program
Litigation
Manufacturing
Media & First Amendment
Medical Staff
Mergers & Acquisitions
Music
Natural Gas
Outdoor Footwear, Apparel & Equipment
Patent
Patent Litigation
Payment Systems
Petroleum
Physician Groups
Pole Attachments
Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security: Counseling & Compliance
Product Stewardship
Publishing
Radio & Television Broadcast
Real Estate
Real Estate Leasing
Renewable Energy
Restaurants
Retail Financial Services Legislation & Regulation
Right of Publicity
Securities Litigation
SLAPP Litigation
Smart Grid
Solar
Startups & Emerging Companies
Subpoenas & Reporters' Privilege
Supply Chain Counseling
Tax: Federal, State & Local
Tax-Exempt Organizations
Technology
Telecommunications
Telemedicine
Television Programming & Production
Trade Secrets (Employment)
Trade Secrets (Intellectual Property)
Trademark
Trademark Litigation
Trusts & Estates
Water Law
White Collar, Investigations, and Government Controversies
Wind
Wineries, Breweries & Distilleries
Wireless





Blogs


Blogs By Name
Broadband Deployment Law Advisor
Creative Blockchain
Energy & Environmental Law Blog
E-Rate Law Advisor
Family Business Resource Center
Food + Bev Law Blog
Government Contracts Insider
Lifeline Law Advisor
Media Law Monitor
Open Internet Law Advisor
Payment Law Advisor
Privacy & Security Law Blog
Real Property & Development Review
Startup Law Blog
West Coast Comm Law Advisor






Recent Advisories View All




07.25.17

The Chinese Government Issues Draft Cybersecurity Regulations to Protect Critical Information Infrastructure



07.24.17

Washington’s New Biometric Privacy Law: What Businesses Need to Know



07.18.17

FCC Proposes Procedures to Implement Connect America Fund Phase II Auction, Seeks Input on Final Details



Recent Blogs View All




07.24.17

Washington’s New Biometric Privacy Law: What Businesses Need to Know



07.24.17

What Family Businesses Should Know about Washington’s New Paid Family Medical Leave Law



07.21.17

Regulatory Alert: Debt Collection






























Firm Overview
Alumni
Careers
DWT De Novo




Diversity & Inclusion
Events & CLEs
In Our Communities
News




Pro Bono
Professional Development
Success Stories
Sustainability





























Job Opportunities
A Day In The Life
Lateral Lawyers
Entry-Level Associates
Summer Associates
Staff
Professional Development

































Heartfelt Sympathies Store | Gary D. Locke


























Send Flowers


Plant a Tree


Light a Candle








For questions or help ordering please call
    1-844-249-9510

















Need help with your order?
1-844-249-9510
|
support@heartfeltsympathies.com



Memorial Candle










 There are some errors in your form.













                                            One Month                                        


                                                $10.00                                            
















                                            One Year                                        


                                                $20.00                                            
















                                            Forever                                        


                                                $50.00                                            








Enter Value:



$







 Candle From *
            0/50


                This field is required.
            

                The name or signature to be displayed with your online memorial candle.
            





 Message
            0/500


                The message to be displayed with your memorial candle.
            





Continue to Checkout










Description


Product Details




                    The solitude and quiet peace of a flickering candle has long been a symbol of remembrance.
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with hosting this Tribute 
Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded
 and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the 
family and friends of Gary D. Locke can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each 
other and enhance this tribute for future generations.

                



Candle will be lit for the limited time of one month


Candle will be lit for the limited time of one year


Candle will be lit indefinitely

Candle message preserved on the memorial site for perpetuity





















© Heartfelt Sympathies 2017
Terms of Use
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policy





















The Odyssey Scoop - Features: Gary Lock Art Gallery

















































									 






















 





















 








Gary Locke Art Gallery






 










Gary Locke
Artist

Who draws those amazing Adventures 
						in Odyssey illustrations? Gary Locke's over-the-top 
						sketches have graced projects for Quaker Oats, Pepsi, 
						Warner Bros., Major League Baseball, Fisher-Price, 
						Sports Illustrated, and many others. Gary's strong 
						drawing skills make him perfect for projects that 
						involve character development or zany caricatures, 
						especially of sports and political figures. The 
						award-winning illustrator works out of Rogersville, Mo. 
						surrounded by family and select friends: his wife and 
						three children, a balding ferret, one dog, and several 
						selfish cats. Gary's work is prevalent in all of 
						Adventures in Odyssey's products, ranging from the 
						audio series to books.





See Full Bio









 
 

History


Artist 
	Gary Locke became the illustrator for past, present, and future 
	Adventures in Odyssey albums, beginning with the release of Volume 36:
	Danger Signals in 2001 (see below). 
	Volume 36 was released during a time when cassette tapes were nearly 
	obsolete and CD's were becoming the new media standard. Albums 1-15 were 
	only available in cassette format for the majority of Odyssey's formative 
	years, so when the Gold Audio Series was released�putting 
	those collections onto a digital format for the first time in Odyssey 
	history�Gary was the artist responsible for 
	bringing those illustrations to life.

	 

Gary primarily worked from character designs that had been 
	developed by artists before him as featured in Albums 1-50. Fans had come to 
	love the branded illustrations of overweight Whit, green jogging suit 
	Connie, and nerdy "no eyes" Eugene. They had become a standard for many 
	years, although many artists were involved with the illustrations for album 
	releases. As a whole, there was a shift between the look of the earliest 
	albums to more recent collections. Thus, a lack of consistency and an 
	overall disconnect.

	 

Enter Gary Locke. The Odyssey team played around with album 
	formats, including offering half albums for a short time (A and B, 
	containing six episodes). They finally settled on a package design featured 
	in Volume 47, Into the Light, released 
	in 2007. This would be the new standard for Albums 1-50. Each was 
	re-illustrated by Gary Locke and now the series looks more consistent on 
	collectors' shelves. And the Gold Audio Series was shown the door.

	 

In 2010, Adventures in Odyssey returned after a brief 
	hiatus with the release of Album 51: Take It 
	from the Top. This album represented a fresh start for the series with 
	new characters, new theme song, new series logo, and new illustrations. 
	Albums 51 and up feature a rebranded slim Whit, a more stylish jogging 
	suit-less Connie, and a Eugene without bangs covering his eyes and a trendy 
	pair of glasses.

	 

Involvement

Artist Gary Locke currently illustrates all the Adventures 
	in Odyssey album covers, several books, and produces quite a few 
	illustrations for Adventures in Odyssey Clubhouse magazine. In 
	addition, Gary illustrates each episode featured monthly at the
	Odyssey Adventure Club.

	 

Artist Gallery

Below, we've showcased quite a bit of Gary's work for 
	Adventures in Odyssey. This showcase is not all-inclusive since Mr. 
	Locke has such a large scope of work he does for Odyssey, including 
	individual character designs. Click on a thumbnail below to see a larger 
	illustration.

 



















Vol. 1: 
			The Adventure Begins
Vol. 2: 
			Stormy Weather
Vol. 2: 
			The Wildest Summer Ever
Vol. 3: 
			Heroes
Vol. 4: 
			The FUNdamentals


 
 
 
 
 



















Vol. 5: 
			Daring Deeds, Sinister Schemes
Vol. 5: 
			Daring Deeds, Sinister Schemes
Vol. 6: 
			Mission: Accomplished
Vol. 7: 
			On Thin Ice
Vol. 8: 
			Beyond Expectations


 
 
 
 
 



















Vol. 9: 
			Just in Time
Vol. 10: 
			Other Times, Other Places
Vol. 11: 
			It's Another Fine Day...
Vol. 12: 
			At Home and Abroad
Vol. 13: 
			It All Started When...



















Vol. 14: 
			Meanwhile, in Another Part of Town
Vol. 15: 
			A Place of Wonder
Vol. 16: 
			Flights of Imagination
Vol. 17: 
			On Earth As It Is in Heaven
Vol. 18: 
			A Time of Discovery


 
 
 
 
 



















Vol. 19: 
			Passport to Adventure
Vol. 20: 
			A Journey of Choices
Vol. 21: 
			Wish You Were Here!
Vol. 22: 
			The Changing Times
Vol. 23: 
			Twists & Turns


 
 
 
 
 



















Vol. 24: 
			Risks & Rewards
Vol. 25: 
			Darkness Before Dawn
Vol. 26: 
			Back on the Air
Vol. 27: 
			The Search for Whit
Vol. 28: 
			Welcome Home


 
 
 
 
 



















Vol. 29: 
			Signed, Sealed & Committed
Vol. 30: 
			Through Thick & Thin
Vol. 31: 
			Days to Remember
Vol. 32: 
			Hidden Treasures
Vol. 33: 
			Virtual Realities


 
 
 
 
 



















Vol. 34: 
			In Your Wildest Dreams
Vol. 35: 
			The Big Picture
Vol. 36: 
			Danger Signals
Vol. 37: 
			Countermoves
Vol. 38: 
			Battle Lines


 
 
 
 
 



















Vol. 39: 
			Friends, Family & Countrymen
Vol. 40: 
			Out of Control
Vol. 41: 
			In Hot Pursuit
Vol. 42: 
			No Way Out
Vol. 43: 
			Along for the Ride


 
 
 
 
 



















Vol. 44: 
			Eugene Returns!
Vol. 45: 
			Lost & Found
Vol. 46: 
			A Date with Dad
Vol. 47: 
			Into the Light
Vol. 48: 
			Moment of Truth


 
 
 
 
 



















Vol. 49: 
			The Sky's the Limit
Vol. 50: 
			The Best Small Town
Vol. 51: 
			Take It from the Top
Vol. 52: 
			Cause & Effect
Vol. 53: 
			The Green Ring Conspiracy


 
 
 
 
 




















Vol. 54: Clanging Cymbals

Vol. 55: The Deep End

Vol. 56: The Grand Design

Vol. 57: A Call to Something More

Vol. 58: The Ties That Bind



















Vol. 59: Taking the Plunge














Special Collections



















Bible 
			Eyewitness
The 
			Blackgaard Chronicles
A 
			Christmas Odyssey

			Discovering Odyssey
The Encore 
			Collection


























For God & 
			Country
The Lost 
			Episodes
A Maze of 
			Mysteries
The 
			Platinum Collection
Silver 
			Celebration




















Wooton's 
			Whirled History: A Blend of Bravery
Wooton's 
			Whirled History: A Mix of Melody Makers













Books




















90 Devotions in Matthew
 Candid 
			Conversations with Connie, Volume 1
 The 
			Fight for Kidsboro
 Whit's 
			End Mealtime Devotions

			Whit's End Mealtime Devotions: The Second Helping










Other


















Whit Celebrates Christmas

Christmas Poster

Whit's End Exterior

Abby Road Poster




	Visit Other Adventures in Odyssey Art Galleries

Bruce Day Art Gallery

		Mike Harrigan Art Gallery


"Adventures in Odyssey" is a registered trade mark of Focus on the Family. 
	All characters, episodes, products, etc., of "Adventures in Odyssey" are 
	property of Focus on the Family. All character artwork and product images 
	displayed throughout the website are exclusively copyrighted by FOTF. See 
	our full disclaimer 
	for details.


























Site Map |
			Legal Stuff 
			| Privacy 
			Policy | Link 
			to Us |
			Contact



         
			
			�2000-2016 The Odyssey Scoop. Adventures in Odyssey is a 
			registered trademark of Focus on the Family.







  A Racist Farewell to Gary Locke | Foreign Policy












































































 



 




























 




Home
About FP


							Subscribe to Premium for 20% Off							


Reprints



                                Register
                            



                                Log In
                            



                                        Log In
                                    

Help




News & IdeasBreaking NewsThe CableIdeasRegionsAmericasAsiaEuropeMiddle East & AfricaSouth AsiaChannelsLawfare @ FPEconomics & FinanceEnergyNational SecurityPeace ChannelTea Leaf NationTech & CyberGalleriesPhoto EssayInfographicsListsMap RoomVoicesVoicesRecentBest DefenseShadow Gov'tElephants in the Room 








Lawfare @ FP
The Trump White House
Shadow Government
The Islamic State
 

About FP


								Subscribe to Premium for 20% Off								


Reprints



                                    Register
                                



                                    Log In
                                



                                            Log In
                                        

Help









News & IdeasRegionsChannelsGalleriesVoices 





						The Magazine					
















Breaking NewsThe CableIdeas





Pence Working to Reverse Pentagon’s Transgender Policies
Paul McLeary | 5 hours ago





Trump Promises ‘Big’ U.K. Trade Deal. Here Are the …
David Francis | 8 hours ago





Ahead of EU Meeting, Turkey Begins Trial of 17 Journalists
Emily Tamkin | 7 hours ago






Early Morning Trump Tweets Target Sessions
Jesse Chase-Lubitz | 8 hours ago





SitRep: Trump Tweets Classified CIA Program; Top WH …
Paul McLeary | 14 hours ago





New UAE Documentary Claims Qatar Complicit in 9/11 Attacks
Bethany Allen-Ebrahimian | 1 day ago






Bashar al-Assad’s Son Flunked a Math Competition in Brazil…
Bethany Allen-Ebrahimian | 1 day ago





With Probable White House Support, Congress Prepares to Vote…
Emily Tamkin | 1 day ago





Chickens Overshadow Trade Talks Between the U.S. and U.K.
David Francis | 1 day ago









Passport Is On Holiday (But We'll Still Compare Cat Photos …
FP Staff | 9 months ago





President of Philippines: God Told Me to Stop Calling People…
Siobhán O'Grady | 9 months ago





These 1-Star Yelp Reviews of Embassies Make Us Question the …
FP Staff | 9 months ago






Chechnya Sends Cops to Weddings to Make Sure Brides Don’t …
Siobhán O'Grady | 9 months ago





How a Meeting with the Dalai Lama Lost This Holocaust …
Siobhán O'Grady | 9 months ago





Thai Mourners Are Leaving Hundreds of Thousands of Pounds of…
Siobhán O'Grady | 9 months ago






Gambia: The ICC Should Be Called the International Caucasian…
Siobhán O'Grady | 9 months ago





Human Rights Expert to U.N. Chief: It's Not Too Late to Say …
Colum Lynch | 9 months ago





Hacked: Putin Aide’s Emails Detail Alleged Plot to …
Reid Standish | 9 months ago









Trump Assigns White House Team to Target Iran Nuclear Deal, …
Jana Winter | 4 days ago





State Department Suspends Yet Another Fellowship Program
Bethany Allen-Ebrahimian | 6 days ago





House Bill Would Decimate World Bank Funding
Bethany Allen-Ebrahimian | 1 week ago






Mosul, Before and After, in Satellite Images
Jesse Chase-Lubitz | 2 weeks ago





Private Email of Top U.S. Russia Intelligence Official Hacked
Jenna McLaughlin | 2 weeks ago





The Trump Administration Doesn't Want a Winner for Its Wall …
Ian Volner | 2 weeks ago






Secret Details of Trump-Putin Syria Cease-fire Focus on …
Colum Lynch | 2 weeks ago





Trump’s Trolls Are Waging War on America’s Civil Servants
Kate Brannen | 2 weeks ago





Syria Stalls U.N. Investigation Into Chemical Weapons Attack
Colum Lynch | 3 weeks ago




 


AmericasAsiaEuropeMiddle East & AfricaSouth Asia





Pence Working to Reverse Pentagon’s Transgender Policies
Paul McLeary | 5 hours ago





Trump's China Policy Must Look Beyond North Korea
Jamie Fly | 6 hours ago





Trump Promises ‘Big’ U.K. Trade Deal. Here Are the …
David Francis | 8 hours ago






Seven Observations About Jared Kushner’s Statement
Susan Hennessey | 9 hours ago





Russia Will Overshadow Trump's Presidency Unless He Takes …
Michael Singh | 13 hours ago





Bashar al-Assad’s Son Flunked a Math Competition in Brazil…
Bethany Allen-Ebrahimian | 1 day ago






Trump Should Fix Foreign Aid, But Not at the Expense of U.S…
Daniel Runde | 1 day ago





Trump Is Becoming Unhinged at the Twists and Turns of …
Max Boot | 1 day ago





Chickens Overshadow Trade Talks Between the U.S. and U.K.
David Francis | 1 day ago









Trump's China Policy Must Look Beyond North Korea
Jamie Fly | 6 hours ago





SitRep: Trump Tweets Classified CIA Program; Top WH …
Paul McLeary | 14 hours ago





India and China Still at Standoff, Kushner Speaks to …
Emily Tamkin | 1 day ago






USS Fitzgerald Investigation Puts Navy at Fault for Deadly …
Bethany Allen-Ebrahimian | 4 days ago





Spring Break in Pyongyang Is Cancelled
Jesse Chase-Lubitz | 4 days ago





There Is No Trump Doctrine, and There Will Never Be One
Rebecca Friedman Lissner | 11 hours ago






Chinese Steel Output Hits All-Time High
Bethany Allen-Ebrahimian | 6 days ago





The Global Consequences of Trump's Incompetence
Stephen M. Walt | 1 week ago





How Badly Is China's Great Firewall Hurting the Country's …
Christopher Balding | 1 week ago









Trump Promises ‘Big’ U.K. Trade Deal. Here Are the …
David Francis | 8 hours ago





Ahead of EU Meeting, Turkey Begins Trial of 17 Journalists
Emily Tamkin | 7 hours ago





Why Did Russia Send Sergei Gorkov to Meet With Jared Kushner?
Amie Ferris-Rotman | 8 hours ago






Chickens Overshadow Trade Talks Between the U.S. and U.K.
David Francis | 1 day ago





German Philosophy Has Finally Gone Viral. Will That Be Its …
Stuart Jeffries | 1 day ago





Verdirbt Richard David Precht die Deutsche Philosophie?
Stuart Jeffries | 1 day ago






For the Love of Welsh Rarebit
Cheryl Lu-Lien Tan | 2 days ago





Poland Sets Stage for EU Standoff
Noah Buyon | 3 days ago





It’s Time to Hit Poland in the Pocketbook
Remi Adekoya | 4 days ago









The Gross Misconduct of Radwan Ziadeh’s Asylum Denial
Suzanne Nossel | 5 hours ago





Russia Looks to U.N. to Help It Profit From Syria Conquests
Colum Lynch | 8 hours ago





SitRep: Trump Tweets Classified CIA Program; Top WH …
Paul McLeary | 14 hours ago






New UAE Documentary Claims Qatar Complicit in 9/11 Attacks
Bethany Allen-Ebrahimian | 1 day ago





Bashar al-Assad’s Son Flunked a Math Competition in Brazil…
Bethany Allen-Ebrahimian | 1 day ago





India and China Still at Standoff, Kushner Speaks to …
Emily Tamkin | 1 day ago






Out of India
Pamposh Raina | 2 days ago





Can Stories About Food Upend Familiar Narratives of War?
FP Staff | 2 days ago





SitRep: Kushner Claims Four Meetings With Russian Officials…
Paul McLeary | 2 days ago









India and China Still at Standoff, Kushner Speaks to …
Emily Tamkin | 1 day ago





Out of India
Pamposh Raina | 2 days ago





The Things They Carried: The Afghan Field Medic
FP Staff | 2 days ago






Pentagon Stops $300 Million Payment to Pakistan, Citing …
Paul McLeary | 4 days ago





The Afghan Vice President Was Just Denied Entry to …
Bethany Allen-Ebrahimian | 1 week ago





Situation Report: Trump Agrees to Keep Iran Deal; Tillerson …
Paul McLeary | 1 week ago






Nepal's Oligarchy Isn't Earthquake-Proof
Molly O’Toole | 2 weeks ago





As America Retreats, the World Moves Forward on Trade
David Francis | 2 weeks ago





Our generals failed in Afghanistan
Thomas E. Ricks | 3 weeks ago




 


Lawfare @ FPEconomics & FinanceEnergyNational SecurityPeace ChannelTea Leaf NationTech & Cyber





Seven Observations About Jared Kushner’s Statement
Susan Hennessey | 9 hours ago





How Will Trump's Attack Dogs Affect Mueller's Russia …
Jane Chong | 4 days ago





Trump Attacks Federal Law Enforcement With a Blunt Force …
Benjamin Wittes | 4 days ago






Rational Security on the E.R.: The "Wray of Sunshine" Edition
Benjamin Wittes | 5 days ago





The Seven Circles of Donald Trump’s Russia Inferno
Benjamin Wittes | 6 days ago





Could Trump Jr., Kushner, or Manafort Be Charged Under the …
Michel Paradis | 6 days ago






When Drug Trafficking Is Your Only Option
Stephanie Leutert | 2 weeks ago





Rational Security on The E.R.: The "Looks Like I Picked the …
Benjamin Wittes | 2 weeks ago





The Wall Begins to Crumble: Notes on Collusion
Benjamin Wittes | 1 week ago









How Badly Is China's Great Firewall Hurting the Country's …
Christopher Balding | 1 week ago





If Trump Is Serious About Curbing Iran, He'll Kill Boeing's …
John Hannah | 1 week ago





China’s Seen Globally As Gaining Ground on United States
David Francis | 2 weeks ago





As America Retreats, the World Moves Forward on Trade
David Francis | 2 weeks ago






Japanese Retail Giant to Stop Selling Ivory
David Francis | 3 weeks ago





China Opens Its Bond Market To International Investors
David Francis | 3 weeks ago





Islamic State Revenues Down 80 Percent from 2015
David Francis | 4 weeks ago





The Knives Are Out for South Korea’s Robber Barons
Geoffrey Cain | 1 month ago






The Lights Are on at the Committee on Foreign Investment in …
David Francis | 1 month ago





Two Japanese Banks Bail on London Ahead of Brexit
David Francis | 1 month ago





The Trump Tower Peace Theory
Phillip Y. Lipscy | 1 month ago





Europe, Once Again, Kicks a Long-Term Solution to Greek Debt…
David Francis | 1 month ago









Russia Looks to U.N. to Help It Profit From Syria Conquests
Colum Lynch | 8 hours ago





The Palace Intrigue at the Heart of the Qatar Crisis
Simon Henderson | 4 weeks ago





64 Years Later, CIA Finally Releases Details of Iranian Coup
Bethany Allen-Ebrahimian | 1 month ago





Kazakhstan Spent $5 Billion on a Death Star and It Doesn't …
James Palmer | 1 month ago






Can Saudi Arabia’s Young Prince Wean the Welfare State?
Elizabeth Dickinson | 2 months ago





Market Body Slams OPEC
Robbie Gramer | 2 months ago





Trump Wants to Sell Half the U.S. Strategic Oil Reserve For …
Robbie Gramer | 2 months ago





Why Trump’s Iran Sanctions Waiver Should Worry the Mullahs
John Hannah | 2 months ago






Desperate Saudis, Russians Agree to Extend Oil Production …
Robbie Gramer | 2 months ago





Saudi Arabia Now Controls the Largest Oil Refinery in North …
Robbie Gramer | 3 months ago





The New Jersey Chemical Spill That Could Pollute U.S.-…
Robbie Gramer | 3 months ago





Forget Sanctions: Exxon Would Like Access to Russian Oil …
Robbie Gramer | 3 months ago









There Is No Trump Doctrine, and There Will Never Be One
Rebecca Friedman Lissner | 11 hours ago





Trump’s Budget Would Leave U.S. Ports Open to Nuclear …
Bethany Allen-Ebrahimian | 3 weeks ago





The Trump Tower Peace Theory
Phillip Y. Lipscy | 1 month ago





The Hardest Part of Trump’s National Security Strategy to …
Peter Feaver | 1 month ago






Spy Chief, a Frequent Guest at the White House, is MIA at …
Jenna McLaughlin | 1 month ago





Artificial Intelligence Will Put Spies Out of Work, Too
Jenna McLaughlin | 2 months ago





How SpaceX Launched a Chinese Experiment Into Space, Despite…
Bethany Allen-Ebrahimian | 2 months ago





Washington's Ministry of Preemption
James Bamford | 2 months ago






How the White House Lost Its Brains
Jenna McLaughlin | 2 months ago





Trump Team Planning Possible Retaliation for Classified Leak…
Jenna McLaughlin | 2 months ago





Intel Community Will Not Conduct Damage Assessment of Trump…
Jenna McLaughlin | 2 months ago





Republicans Need to Abandon the Trump Ship ASAP
Max Boot | 2 months ago









The Iran Nuclear Deal Has Been a Blessing for Israel
Carmi Gillon | 2 weeks ago





Can There Be Peace With Honor in Afghanistan?
Lawrence Freedman | 4 weeks ago





The Trump Tower Peace Theory
Phillip Y. Lipscy | 1 month ago





Screw Brad Pitt and the ‘War Machine’ He Rode in On
Whitney Kassel | 1 month ago






Trump’s Asia Policy Is More Confused Than Ever
Colin Willett | 1 month ago





Colombia's Tenuous Peace Needs U.S. Support
Daniel Kurtz-Phelan | 2 months ago





The Maximum Financial-Pressure Strategy for North Korea
Elizabeth Rosenberg | 3 months ago





South Korea Is More Worried About Donald Trump Than Kim Jong…
Suki Kim | 3 months ago






The Irony of Trump’s Trip to Masada and the Hard Road to …
Dov Zakheim | 3 months ago





Has President Trump Learned to Love the United Nations?
Sheba Crocker | 3 months ago





Trump’s Environmental Policies Are a Disaster for U.S. …
Daniel B. Baer | 3 months ago





China Is Playing Peacemaker in Myanmar, but with an Ulterior…
Doug Bock Clark | 3 months ago









China's New Megacity: The Anti-Beijing
Ma Tianjie | 2 months ago





Is Beijing Getting Scared of Homeschooled Confucian …
Sam Crane | 2 months ago





America's Green Card-for-Cash Program Is Making a Mess in …
Rong Xiaoqing | 2 months ago





A New 'Cure' for China's Millions of Web Addicts: Hack Their…
Ricardo Lewis | 3 months ago






Unpacking China's Curious 'Ivanka Fever'
Rebecca E. Karl | 3 months ago





When Xi Meets the Trumps
Stephen S. Roach | 4 months ago





It's Not Communism Holding China's Youth Back. It's Their …
Lu-Hai Liang | 4 months ago





When Marx Meets Islam
Ma Tianjie | 4 months ago






Did Tillerson's Beijing Visit Box Him in, or Start a Reboot?
Scott Kennedy | 4 months ago





Heads, Beijing Wins. Tails, Hong Kong Loses.
Suzanne Sataline | 4 months ago





How China's History Shapes, and Warps, its Policies Today
Howard W. French | 4 months ago





What Just Happened in Beijing?
Robert Daly | 4 months ago









Trump’s Bigly Plan to Be Better at ‘the Cyber’
Sharon Weinberger | 5 days ago





Feds Shut Down World’s Largest Online Drug Marketplace
Elias Groll | 5 days ago





Situation Report: How Iran Won Iraq War; Secret Service Vs. …
Paul McLeary | 1 week ago






Spyware Sold to Mexican Government Was Used to Target …
Kavitha Surana | 2 weeks ago





Google Hit With EU Record $2.7 Billion Fine
David Francis | 4 weeks ago





Science Won’t Save Vaccines From Lawsuits Anymore
Laurie Garrett | 4 weeks ago






The Kremlin's Newest Hybrid Warfare Asset: Gangsters
Mark Galeotti | 1 month ago





SitRep: Another Week at War -- U.S. Convoy Hit in …
Paul McLeary | 1 month ago





America's Arab Allies Should Work Together to Stop Iranian …
Benjamin Runkle | 2 months ago




 


Photo EssayInfographicsListsMap Room





The World This Week in Photos
FP Staff | 4 days ago





The World This Week in Photos
FP Staff | 1 week ago





The World This Week in Photos
FP Staff | 3 weeks ago






The World This Week in Photos
FP Staff | 3 weeks ago





The World This Week in Photos
FP Staff | 1 month ago





The World in Photos This Week
FP Staff | 1 month ago






The World in Photos This Week
FP Staff | 2 months ago





Somalia's Land is Dying. The People Will Be Next.
Nichole Sobecki  | 2 months ago





The World in Photos This Week
FP Staff | 2 months ago









Infographic: How Does the U.S. Stack Up to World in …
Robbie Gramer | 4 months ago





Infographic: How Does U.S. Health Care Stack Up to the …
Robbie Gramer | 4 months ago





Watch: The Global Flow of Asylum-Seekers In One Interactive …
Robbie Gramer | 4 months ago






Infographic: Here's How the Global GDP Is Divvied Up
Robbie Gramer | 5 months ago





Here’s What Russia’s Military Build-Up in the Arctic …
Robbie Gramer | 6 months ago





Mapping the Spread of the ISIS Plague
Dan De Luce | 1 year ago






Mapped: What Each EU Country Impacted by New Quota Plan …
Siobhán O'Grady | 2 years ago





Workers of the World, Divided!
Benjamin Soloway | 2 years ago





Europe's Migrant Crisis By the Numbers
Elaine Ayo | 2 years ago












Can Trump End the War in Syria?
Colin Kahl | 4 months ago





Watch: All the World’s Global Trade in One Interactive Map
Robbie Gramer | 7 months ago





Belgium and the Netherlands Redraw Borders in a Peaceful …
Robbie Gramer | 8 months ago






Turkey’s New Maps Are Reclaiming the Ottoman Empire
Nick Danforth | 9 months ago





Mapped: Brexit's Aftermath
C.K. Hickey | 1 year ago





Mapped: The Islamic State Is Losing Its Territory -- and Fast
Henry Johnson | 1 year ago






Mapping the Spread of the ISIS Plague
Dan De Luce | 1 year ago





Mapped: The Threat of the Zika Virus
Megan Alpert | 1 year ago





Mapped: Corruption Across the World
Henry Johnson | 1 year ago




 


VoicesRecentBest DefenseShadow Gov'tElephants in the Room



David Bosco


Max Boot


Rosa Brooks


Thanassis Cambanis


Elizabeth Dickinson


Laurie Garrett


Kim Ghattas


Julia Ioffe


Leela Jacinto


Whitney Kassel


Jeffrey Lewis


Aaron David Miller


Suzanne Nossel


Thomas E. Ricks


David Rothkopf


Kori Schake


Emile Simpson


James Stavridis


Bruce Stokes


James Traub


Stephen M. Walt


Lauren Wolfe


Michela Wrong


Micah Zenko
















































































The Gross Misconduct of Radwan Ziadeh’s Asylum Denial
Suzanne Nossel | 5 hours ago





There Is No Trump Doctrine, and There Will Never Be One
Rebecca Friedman Lissner | 11 hours ago





“Dunkirk”: A curious war film
Thomas E. Ricks | 11 hours ago






An enlisted Navy sailor tackles suicide
Thomas E. Ricks | 12 hours ago





Trump Is Becoming Unhinged at the Twists and Turns of …
Max Boot | 1 day ago





We Are (Still) Living in an Orwellian World
Thomas E. Ricks | 1 day ago






A powerful attack on the Marine Corps leadership — by a …
Thomas E. Ricks | 1 day ago





The Dunkirk evacuation, and why it was a near-miracle for …
Thomas E. Ricks | 5 days ago





This is Not a Eulogy for John McCain
Kori Schake | 5 days ago









“Dunkirk”: A curious war film
Thomas E. Ricks | 11 hours ago





An enlisted Navy sailor tackles suicide
Thomas E. Ricks | 12 hours ago





A powerful attack on the Marine Corps leadership — by a …
Thomas E. Ricks | 1 day ago






We Are (Still) Living in an Orwellian World
Thomas E. Ricks | 1 day ago





The Dunkirk evacuation, and why it was a near-miracle for …
Thomas E. Ricks | 5 days ago





2 big warnings from Gen. McChrystal: War in Europe is …
Thomas E. Ricks | 5 days ago






What is a military professional? Here’s an answer in 90 …
Thomas E. Ricks | 6 days ago





Best Defense contest predictions on President Trump’s …
Thomas E. Ricks | 1 week ago





Why didn’t Japanese subs raid U.S. West Coast shipping …
Thomas E. Ricks | 1 week ago









Trump's First 6 Months Were Terrible, But He Got 3 Things …
Derek Chollet | 4 days ago





Trump’s Incoherent Iran Policy Could End the Nuke Deal on …
Ilan Goldenberg | 1 week ago





How to Reason With a Nuclear Rogue
Jon Wolfsthal | 2 weeks ago






The Problem Isn't Just Who Trump Has Offended — It's Who …
Daniel Benaim | 2 weeks ago





Putin Played Trump Like a Fiddle at G20
Michael Carpenter | 2 weeks ago





Trump Has Reshaped Presidential Rhetoric Into an …
Carlyn Reichel | 3 weeks ago






Trump Should Urge Europe to Resist Putin’s Pipeline …
Jim Townsend | 3 weeks ago





'No Specific Agenda' Means Trump Will Get Played by Putin, …
Julie Smith | 3 weeks ago





What to Expect From Trump's Europe Trip
Derek Chollet | 3 weeks ago









Trump's China Policy Must Look Beyond North Korea
Jamie Fly | 6 hours ago





Russia Will Overshadow Trump's Presidency Unless He Takes …
Michael Singh | 13 hours ago





Trump Should Fix Foreign Aid, But Not at the Expense of U.S…
Daniel Runde | 1 day ago






This is Not a Eulogy for John McCain
Kori Schake | 5 days ago





John McCain Is a National Treasure
Dov Zakheim | 5 days ago





If Trump Is Serious About Curbing Iran, He'll Kill Boeing's …
John Hannah | 1 week ago






Trump Is Wrong to Retreat From the Global Fight Against AIDS
Mark P. Lagon | 2 weeks ago





Can Trump Reconcile Nationalism With Liberalism?
Paul D. Miller | 2 weeks ago





'No Good Options' on North Korea Is a Myth
William Tobey | 3 weeks ago




 








Argument

A Racist Farewell to Gary Locke


A ChinaFile conversation.


By Kaiser KuoKaiser Kuo is host of the Sinica Podcast, a weekly discussion of current affairs in China. He recently repatriated to the United States after 20 years in Beijing, where he worked as Director of International Communications for Baidu., Hyeon-Ju Rho, Sidney Rittenberg, Andrew J. NathanAndrew J. Nathan is a professor of political science at Columbia University., Chen Weihua<p>
Chen
Weihua is chief Washington correspondent for China Daily and deputy editor of China Daily USA.
</p>
, Shen DingliShen Dingli is the director of the Center
for American Studies at Fudan University. 

March 3, 2014


















 This version of the story has been corrected. 
  On Feb. 27, the outgoing U.S. ambassador to China, Gary Locke, gave his final news conference of his two-and-a-half-year tenure in Beijing, where he emphasized human rights and decried Chinese treatment of dissidents and foreign journalists. Locke’s tenure had always been complicated by his role as the first Chinese-American U.S. ambassador to China, and the reaction to his speech was no different. That same day, the state-run China News Service published a critique by author Wang Ping — likely a pseudonym — that called Locke a "banana man with yellow skin and a white heart," among other insults. A former governor of Washington and U.S. commerce secretary, Locke will shortly be replaced by former Sen. Max Baucus (D- Mont.).  
 ChinaFile, an online magazine published by Asia Society’s Center on U.S.-China Relations, hosts a feature called Conversations — smart takes on breaking China news by some of the most respected and thoughtful observers of China, both inside and outside the country. In this ChinaFile conversation, participants discuss the editorial, the perils of racial perception, and Locke’s legacy as ambassador.  
 Kaiser Kuo, director of international communications for the Chinese web services company Baidu: 
 Banana or Twinkie for "white-on-the-inside" East Asian–Americans, Oreo for African-Americans, coconut for South Asian–Americans, apple for Native Americans — these epithets are all products of the simplistic, groundless belief that one’s race should correspond to a (rarely defined) set of behavioral norms, to a locus of identity and loyalty. As an ethnic Chinese born and raised in the United States, I heard the term banana a lot, sometimes directed my way, sometimes in reference to another American of East Asian extraction who wasn’t "Chinese" (or Japanese, or Korean, or Vietnamese) enough. These were also terms I frequently heard and still occasionally hear East Asian–Americans call themselves, often with pride rather than self-deprecation. Whether it’s insulting depends on the context and who’s on the receiving end. 
 In the context of this regrettable editorial, which was as subtle as a barking Doberman, banana was meant with unmistakable malice — that Locke is a race traitor who lacks the political loyalty to the Chinese nation that his blood should somehow confer. This is of course naive nonsense, and the patent ridiculousness of that phrase should have been obvious even to a writer totally unfamiliar with the complexities of the U.S. discourse on race. But while many Chinese will object to the editorial’s broadsides against Locke (and many already have), I suspect they will focus much more on another part of the essay: the irony that state media would call out Locke for living well, but projecting everyman simplicity. The expectation that anyone with a Chinese phenotype will have a "Chinese heart" to match, even multiple generations removed, is widespread in Chinese society. The plasticity of identity in multiethnic societies — that what you "owe" the race or the old country as, say, an American is entirely up to you — is still a fairly alien concept for most Chinese. We see this at work in the way Chinese law enforcement treats naturalized Chinese with U.S., Canadian, or Australian citizenship.  
 In Locke’s case, you’d think that the fact that he was in Beijing as the top representative of the U.S. government would dispel any expectation that his loyalties and identity should be to anywhere but Washington (the state or D.C.). Yet I would wager that even among his ardent admirers in China — the people who responded most positively to his backpack-toting, Starbucks-buying, down-to-earth style — part of that admiration grew out of a sense that he was "one of us:" a Chinese person. Locke reinforced this, deliberately or otherwise, with each visit to his ancestral home in Taishan, Guangdong. It was certainly useful to play to, and it often worked. In any case, to have expected color-blindness toward Locke in China would be even more naive than to have expected it in the United States with President Barack Obama. 
 Americans are certainly not immune to the kind of thinking that gives rise to race traitor accusations. It’s often there in the subtext when expatriates attack Mark Rowswell the white Canadian with impeccable spoken Chinese who has for many years played the character Dashan on Chinese television. It’s implicit, alongside more reasonable objections, in criticism of white reporters who go on air for CCTV News. And it’s there in the derision many feel for those who call themselves "eggs" — white people who’ve convinced themselves that they’re really "culturally Asian," with a "yolk" consisting, their detractors might say, of an obsessive familiarity with manga or anime, martial arts films, Eastern religion, traditional Chinese medicine, and of course "yellow fever," that creepy fetishistic attraction to East Asian women. Sure, the Globe and Mail or the New York Times are not flinging "race traitor." But it would hardly surprise me were subtler accusations of race treason to pop up on Fox. 
 Hyeon-Ju Rho, U.S. public interest lawyer: 
 Calling an Asian-American person a banana means, of course, that he is yellow on the outside, but white at the core. The banana critique suggests something interesting about the Chinese reaction to Locke. Initially many thought he might be easier to deal with than his predecessors because he was "one of us." Disappointment set in when — surprise, surprise — Locke stood firm in representing U.S. interests. 
 Ironically, one of the challenges Asian-Americans face in the United States is the sense that we are not American enough. One of the country’s great shames was the mass incarceration of U.S. citizens of Japanese descent during World War II, while in more recent decades, Asian-Americans have continued to face the suspicion that they are somehow not fully American. In 1982, men who blamed him for autoworker jobs lost to Japanese competition murdered Vincent Chin, an immigrant of Chinese descent, in Detroit. In 1999, Wen Ho Lee, a naturalized U.S. citizen from Taiwan who had lived in the United States for more than 30 years, was wrongfully accused of stealing secrets for China. 
 Despite these injustices, the American ability to welcome and be shaped by the talents of immigrants from around the globe has always been one of its greatest strengths. That Locke, a U.S. citizen of Chinese descent, could become governor of Washington, a secretary of commerce, and a U.S. ambassador is a testament to this. 
 The outdated notion of ethnicity reflected in the China News Service banana comment is part of a nationalist strand in the People’s Republic of China’s polity that hopefully is a minority view. And if being a banana means that Ambassador Locke is American to the core, I suspect that he might not mind the "insult" too much.  
 Sidney Rittenberg, founder and president of the China consulting team Rittenberg Associates: 
 Wang Ping’s scurrilous and infantile personal attack on Locke — well known for his personal integrity — visits new global shame on China’s state-owned media. Wang’s title, "Farewell, Gary Locke!" is an attempt to gain traction by the use of a famous essay by Mao Zedong on the departure from China of U.S. Ambassador John Leighton Stuart in the run-up to the founding of the People’s Republic of China. This cheap publicity trick, however, only adds to the shame, because of the contrast between the two essays. 
 1. Mao’s essay, of which I was one of the translators, carefully avoids any disrespect for Stuart, instead going out of its way to cite Stuart’s record as a Japanese prisoner in World War II. Wang launches a personal attack on Ambassador Locke, using the political language of the Chinese gutter. 
 2. Mao wrote his essay during a bitter civil war, in which the United States was providing major military, financial, and political support to his enemy, Chiang Kai-shek. His scathing critique of Washington’s policy came naturally, under the circumstances. The state-owned, tightly controlled China News Service, on the other hand, published this filth at a time when leaders of both China and the United States have openly declared their commitment to forging a "new type of relationship" between these two great powers.  
 How, then, are foreign readers to view this attack on Locke? If the defense argument should be that "China News Service does not censor comment," that would cause knowledgeable observers to, as the Chinese saying goes, "Laugh their teeth out." But any other defense would reveal a disturbing ambiguity in China’s policy toward the United States. 
 I am far from happy with U.S. foreign policy, including its China policy. But that’s not the point here. The point is: How do we explain a Chinese media that indulges in such disreputable attacks, and in the hate campaign against all Japanese, when the state it represents is supposed to believe in internationalism, not in ultranationalism? 
 Andrew J. Nathan, Class of 1919 professor of political science at Columbia University: 
 To be sure, the editorial is scurrilous, racist, and incoherent — it claims, bafflingly, that when Locke left the "the skies suddenly became blue." But its main concern seems to be with Locke’s effective projection of U.S. soft power. This is a battlefront that increasingly obsesses the Chinese leaders, as seen in their denunciations of universal values and the enumeration of "seven themes that cannot be discussed," including constitutionalism, civil society, freedom of speech, and independent media. To the leaders, these themes are not matters of intellectual debate. They are positions on a political battlefield, where the ruling Communist Party is in a weak position because of the widespread popularity of these ideas in China and the obvious inability of the Chinese regime to fulfill them. 
 Just as Beijing sees the current events in Ukraine as yet another "color revolution" cynically engineered by the West to expand its strategic footprint, so too Locke carrying his bags is seen as a political act aimed at humiliating the Chinese leadership and weakening its hold on power. If a white ambassador had played these games, they could have been seen as just another set of funny foreign customs. Sending an ethnic Chinese to conduct this kind of propaganda action must seem to show a special deviousness on the part of the schemers in Washington. 
 Chen Weihua, columnist and chief Washington correspondent for China Daily and deputy editor of China Daily USA: 
 To me, the huge attention triggered by the article about Locke’s departure carried on the China News Service website is both warranted and unwarranted. 
 First, the unjustified part: The story, though on China News Service’s website, looks highly unlikely to be the work of its staff, let alone its editorial board. It looks more likely the creation of an unsophisticated blogger or freelancer. 
 The language used is simply too coarse, a departure from the standards and style of the China News Service I have observed over the years. 
 Second, Western media tends to interpret any article on Chinese news media as the view of the organization, but that is often not true. For example, many believe my weekly newspaper column represents the views of the paper or even the Chinese government. That is totally untrue. It is always my personal view. 
 In this sense, there is no need to make a big fuss of such an article, an ordinary one likely by a blogger. There are literally hundreds, if not millions, of different views on every single issue in China these days, especially when you follow social media. 
 Personally, I disagree with a lot of what the article said. I would also give Locke credit if he was the one who started the PM2.5 readings (air-quality readings of particulate matter less then 2.5 micrometers in diameter). My column last week was about how China’s Ministry of Environmental Protection should become more powerful and accountable in the face of such severe smog shrouding much of China. PM2.5 readings allow more Chinese to recognize the severity and urgency of China’s environmental and health challenges. 
 Dramatically cutting the visa time for Chinese tourists, as Locke has done, benefits both countries. It has enabled more Chinese to visit the United States to open their eyes. At the same time, this has proved to be a smart policy for the United States because of the huge purchasing power of Chinese visitors.  
 Given that he’s an American with Chinese ancestry and the U.S. ambassador to China, there is no doubt that Locke represents the United States, not China or Chinese. Many Chinese do not understand that the United States is a nation of immigrants. If everyone pledged loyalty to their ancestral hometown, there would be no United States.  
 Shen Dingli, professor and associate dean at Fudan University’s Institute of International Studies: 
 In a globalizing world, everyone should have the tolerance to recognize the dual identities of others as both national citizens and as global villagers. Although Ambassador Locke must be concerned with all other countries including China, the country of his ancestors, his allegiance is first and foremost to his own country. This has nothing to do with his race or the color of either his skin or his core. It is hard to understand slandering a non-Chinese for failing to promote Chinese interests just because his ancestors were Chinese. 
 In fact, Ambassador Locke acted in conformity with the trend that China is attempting to practice. He traveled coach class to Beijing, in compliance with State Department rules that U.S. officials, even at the rank of ambassador, have to fly economy class if the flight time is fewer than 14 hours, unless the passenger has an official appointment upon arrival. Ambassador Locke’s flight was half an hour shy of 14 hours and he didn’t have an official engagement on arrival, so he didn’t qualify to fly a more comfortable class. I am pleased to see that my country is now exerting tougher control over its own officials’ travel and accommodation. Locke did, indeed, enjoy a coffee at Starbucks, but it is odd to conceive of this as a deliberate show to make himself seem more down to earth. He probably does the same kinds of things all the time in private. Even if his common touch were a deliberate performance, one ought to exercise civility in tolerating it. These days many people who do the same are commended for it. 
 It’s true that Locke has addressed human rights issues frequently despite China’s progress. But China has done the same with regard to other countries. Chairman Mao supported Martin Luther King’s civil movement for equal rights; China supported Nelson Mandela’s anti-apartheid actions; and it still publishes the U.S. human rights reports, as long as the United States does so first. Fundamentally, China and the United States should engage in dialogue in such areas to truly implement a "new type of major-country relationship," rather than looking at one-sided stories about each other. Having said this, I am critical of Locke for illegally bringing rights lawyer Chen Guangcheng into the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, a clear breach of Chinese law. But the Chinese government still allowed Chen to leave the country, showing its attachment to the importance of bilateral relations. 
 Given the intense complexity of China-U.S. relations, rather than issuing such questionable comments, it would be prudent to bid farewell to Ambassador Locke with openness and balance. 
 Correction: Max Baucus was a senator from Montana. An earlier version of the story incorrectly said that he was a senator from Minnesota. 


Share +

Twitter
Facebook
Google +
Reddit

74 Shares

ArgumentChinaDefaultFree
 
 
 
















 










Trending
Latest
My FP



Seven Observations About Jared Kushner’s StatementSusan Hennessey242 Shares







Why Did Russia Send Sergei Gorkov to Meet With Jared Kushner?Amie Ferris-Rotman116 Shares







German Philosophy Has Finally Gone Viral. Will That Be Its Undoing?Stuart Jeffries550 Shares







Pence Working to Reverse Pentagon’s Transgender PoliciesPaul McLeary486 Shares







Reza Aslan Argues: There Is No Divide Between Islam and American CultureReza Aslan2893 Shares







In Jordan, a Killing Threatens to Upend Peace with IsraelAlice Su18 Shares







The 1980s American Soap Opera That Explains How Russia Feels About EverythingMikhail Iossel503 Shares







Russia Looks to U.N. to Help It Profit From Syria ConquestsColum Lynch105 Shares







Six Months Of Trump: The Good, The Bad, and The Downright MystifyingBen Pauker51 Shares












Pence Working to Reverse Pentagon’s Transgender Policies



Paul McLeary




								570 Shares
By Paul McLeary
July 25, 2017















The Gross Misconduct of Radwan Ziadeh’s Asylum Denial



Suzanne Nossel




								22 Shares
By Suzanne Nossel
July 25, 2017















In Jordan, a Killing Threatens to Upend Peace with Israel



Alice Su




								18 Shares
By Alice Su
July 25, 2017















Trump’s China Policy Must Look Beyond North Korea



Jamie Fly




								28 Shares
By Jamie Fly
July 25, 2017















Trump Promises ‘Big’ U.K. Trade Deal. Here Are the Challenges



David Francis




								23 Shares
By David Francis
July 25, 2017















Russia Looks to U.N. to Help It Profit From Syria Conquests



Colum Lynch




								108 Shares
By Colum Lynch
July 25, 2017















Ahead of EU Meeting, Turkey Begins Trial of 17 Journalists



Emily Tamkin




								65 Shares
By Emily Tamkin
July 25, 2017















Why Did Russia Send Sergei Gorkov to Meet With Jared Kushner?



Amie Ferris-Rotman




								117 Shares
By Amie Ferris-Rotman
July 25, 2017















Early Morning Trump Tweets Target Sessions



Jesse Chase-Lubitz




								86 Shares
By Jesse Chase-Lubitz
July 25, 2017















Six Months Of Trump: The Good, The Bad, and The Downright Mystifying



Ben Pauker




								51 Shares
By Ben Pauker
July 25, 2017


























Voices




The Gross Misconduct of Radwan Ziadeh’s Asylum Denial
Suzanne Nossel





“Dunkirk”: A curious war film
Thomas E. Ricks





Trump Is Becoming Unhinged at the Twists and Turns of Kremlingate
Max Boot





There Is No Trump Doctrine, and There Will Never Be One
Micah Zenko





This is Not a Eulogy for John McCain
Kori Schake





The Global Consequences of Trump's Incompetence
Stephen M. Walt





Is Treason Still Punishable in America Today?
James Traub





Making Peace With Assad's State of Barbarism
Kim Ghattas





Turkey’s Post-Coup Purge and Erdogan’s Private Army
Leela Jacinto





On a Mission to Mars, Imprisoned in Turkey
Lauren Bohn





Science Won’t Save Vaccines From Lawsuits Anymore
Laurie Garrett





This Is How Great-Power Wars Get Started
Emile Simpson





Why Trump’s Foreign Policy Can’t Be Stopped
Aaron David Miller





North Korea Would Not Hesitate to Kill You
Jeffrey Lewis





The EU Is Alive and Well, But the Referendums Are Coming
Bruce Stokes





Screw Brad Pitt and the ‘War Machine’ He Rode in On
Whitney Kassel





The United States Is Not Ready for a Cyber-Pearl Harbor
James Stavridis





Is There Anything Normal About the Firing of James Comey?
David Rothkopf





Donald Trump Is America’s Experiment in Having No Government
Rosa Brooks





There Are No Real ‘Safe Zones’ and There Never Have Been
Lauren Wolfe





Savaging State and USAID Budgets Could Do Wonders for Results
Gordon Adams





The End of the End of the Cold War
Julia Ioffe





If Anyone Can Bankrupt the United States, Trump Can
Daniel Altman





Exclusive: International Criminal Court Poised to Open Investigation into War Crimes in Afghanistan
David Bosco





Africa’s Hottest Frozen Border Boils Over
Michela Wrong





Splitting Hairs and Trump’s Fascist Heirs
Matt Bors





A New Way To Read The Crisis in Greece
Kalev Leetaru





Yahtzee Meets the Hot Zone
Michael Peck

More Voices  
        Sponsored Links by Taboola


The MagThe 1980s American Soap Opera That Explains How Russia Feels About EverythingMikhail Iossel | Feature506 SharesGerman Philosophy Has Finally Gone Viral. Will That Be Its Undoing?Stuart Jeffries | Feature559 SharesVerdirbt Richard David Precht die Deutsche Philosophie?Stuart Jeffries | Feature6 SharesRead Full Issue





 
Highlights From 



Ian Bremmer on the Secret Trump-Putin Meetup



McCain's Sorkinesque Speech After Advancing a Bill That Could Kill Thousands Was a Joke



Mitch McConnell Is Still Walking a Tightrope on Trumpcare







×






































			You have read 0 of 5 free articles		
X



Unlimited access to ForeignPolicy.com
Subscriber-only newsletters
The Entire 46 Year Printed Archive — Every Issue Ever Printed
FP Insights Tool





		Subscribe to FP  Premium at 20% Off		

















Post to



Cancel







 





































        click me
    








































































































































                          U.S. Ambassador to China Gary Locke to step down, rejoin family in Seattle - The Washington Post                                                                          2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off      Get breaking news alerts from  The Washington Post   Turn on desktop notifications?  Yes Not now    It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them.                    Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                                   Asia & Pacific   U.S. Ambassador to China Gary Locke to step down, rejoin family in Seattle               The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                         1 of 18       Full Screen Autoplay  Close                                                         Skip Ad   ×           U.S. Ambassador to China Gary Locke      View Photos   The former governor of Washington and commerce secretary announces that he will be stepping down from the Beijing post in 2014 to rejoin his family in Seattle. The first U.S. ambassador to China of Chinese descent, Locke’s low-key, unassuming attitude charmed the Chinese populace.    Caption   The former governor of Washington and commerce secretary announces that he will be stepping down from the Beijing post in 2014 to rejoin his family in Seattle. The first U.S. ambassador to China of Chinese descent, Locke’s low-key, unassuming attitude charmed the Chinese populace.   Dec. 16, 2013 In his final days as U.S. ambassador to China, Gary Locke made one last visit to relatives at his family's ancestral village in Taishan in southern China. William Wan/The Washington Post  Buy Photo          Wait 1 second to continue.            By Simon Denyer  By Simon Denyer   November 20, 2013  Follow @simondenyer      BEIJING — U.S. Ambassador to China Gary Locke, who won plaudits for his low-key style and for cutting visa waiting times for Chinese citizens entering the United States, announced Wednesday that he will step down early next year to rejoin his family in Seattle. Locke, the first Chinese American to hold the Beijing post, might be best remembered in China for a photograph taken even before he arrived in 2011 that shows him with his young daughter at the Seattle airport, wearing a backpack and trying to pay for coffee with a coupon. The image circulated widely on social media, with many Chinese concluding that Locke, who was also seen flying economy class, was much more down-to-earth and less reliant on publicly funded luxuries than their own officials. The biggest tests Locke faced as ambassador came in 2012. In February, a high-profile police chief in the southwestern city of Chongqing sought refuge in a U.S. consulate. Two months later, a blind human rights activist escaped from house arrest and sought sanctuary at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing.  Locke’s greatest achievement may have been cutting waiting times for U.S. visas to three to five days, down from 70 to 100 days when he took over. Locke said the improvement had “significantly increased Chinese business and travel tourism to the U.S.”  Douglas Paal, vice president for studies at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington, said Locke should be applauded for the visa progress. At the same time, he said, it was “not evident” that the ambassador had a grand strategic vision for the U.S.-China relationship.      Gary Locke, nominated to be next U.S. ambassador to China, talks to Post editor Lillian Cunningham about the leadership imperative for US-Chinese relations. (The Washington Post)   Locke suffered somewhat for his Chinese heritage, something that did not necessarily boost his authority with officials here, Paal said. “That plays well in the United States but doesn’t translate in the host environment. They don’t treat you as an equal in China.” The first major diplomatic standoff during Locke’s tenure involved police chief Wang Lijun, who gave the U.S. Consulate in Chengdu, near Chongqing, information about the murder of British businessman Neil Heywood, unleashing one of China’s biggest political scandals in decades. The case eventually led to the life imprisonment of Chongqing’s leader, Bo Xilai, on corruption charges.  In April, just days before then-Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton arrived in China for an important bilateral dialogue, the blind legal activist Chen Guangcheng was given shelter in the U.S. Embassy in Beijing for six days.  Locke was on vacation at the time, but he hurried back to China to manage the crisis. Again, he won praise for a photograph — this time, showing him holding Chen’s hand as the two entered a hospital. The activist was later allowed to leave China with his family and settle in the United States. Sun Zhe, a professor in the department of international relations at Tsinghua University in Beijing, said Locke had helped stabilize U.S.-China ties and handled the 2012 situations well by communicating with the governments in Washington and Beijing round-the-clock. “It is not an easy job to be the American ambassador to China,” Sun said. “Gary Locke is not a shining star, but a simple and unadorned ambassador.” Locke, a former commerce secretary and governor of Washington state, also focused on promoting U.S. exports to China and on Chinese investment in the United States, which he said had helped create American jobs. But experts said he had never seemed to hold much sway with the Obama administration. In a statement announcing his departure, Locke said he had also “advanced American values by meeting with religious leaders and human rights lawyers, and visiting Tibetan and Uighur ethnic minorities in Tibet and Xinjiang.” Embassy officials said Locke decided to leave his post to reunite with his family and ensure that his children could finish their schooling in one place, rather than over concerns about pollution or schooling in China.  “Mrs. Locke and the Locke children moved back to the Seattle area last summer so that the two eldest children could complete their high school education there,” spokesman Nolan Barkhouse said. Shen Dingli, executive dean of the Institute of International Studies at Fudan University in Shanghai, praised Locke for promoting trade and people-to-people ties, adding that he “showed us how a U.S. minister-level official behaves by taking economy-class flights.” But he said Locke had “caused a twist” in U.S.-China relations when a subordinate allowed activist Chen to take shelter in the embassy in his absence.   Despite that controversy, China’s Foreign Ministry said it appreciated the “positive efforts” Locke had made in promoting bilateral cooperation, including helping arrange a meeting between President Xi Jinping and President Obama at the Sunnylands estate in California in June.  That meeting, said spokesman Hong Lei, “established the direction of building a new type of relationship between great powers.”   Liu Liu contributed to this report.  Related:  The five craziest moments from Gary Locke’s tenure as U.S. ambassador to China           world asia_pacific  Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters           world asia_pacific  Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters                Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                  Simon Denyer is The Post’s bureau chief in China. He served previously as bureau chief in India and as a Reuters bureau chief in Washington, India and Pakistan.  Follow @simondenyer                      Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                                Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series.   You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series.             ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series.        Most Read        1   The standoff between Trump and Sessions escalates       2   An Iranian ship refused to heed the Navy’s warning. Then shots were fired.       3   North Korea could cross ICBM threshold next year, U.S. officials warn in new assessment       4   Trump leaves Sessions twisting in the wind while berating him publicly       5   E.U. warns Congress’s Russia sanctions effort could backfire            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe            Our Online Games    Play right from this page                    Mahjongg Dimensions  Strategy game              Mahjongg Candy  Strategy game              Word Wipe  Word game                   world asia_pacific      Success! Check your inbox for details.        Please enter a valid email address    You might also like:                 Sign Up No Thanks   See all newsletters        washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices        Close video player   Now Playing                       Read content from allstate           Content from Allstate  This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio.   We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.                                                     






Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























