 






Locus Biosciences













































































FOUNDED BY PIONEERS IN THE CRISPR FIELD
Engineering a Novel Class of Precision Medicines



Designing Precision Antimicrobials





ABOUT US
Locus Biosciences is an emerging biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of a next generation CRISPR-Cas platform for Programmed Cell Death.


CRISPR-Cas3 Technology
Locus Biosciences’ novel approach to precision antimicrobials works by taking advantage of an immune system present in many bacteria called the CRISPR-Cas system. The CRISPR-Cas system protects bacteria from invaders such as viruses by creating a small strand of RNA called a CRISPR RNA, which matches a DNA sequence specific to a given invader. If the CRISPR RNA is matched to a complementary DNA sequence, the Cas proteins will cleave the invading DNA.
Locus Biosciences designs and creates novel CRISPR RNAs and uses a powerful CRISPR-Cas system, referred to as Cascade/Cas3, that kills target bacteria by irreversibly destroying the bacterial DNA. The irreversible destruction of DNA is the primary differentiator between Cas3 and Cas9, as Cas9 makes double-stranded breaks that can be repaired by the cell.
The Locus Biosciences platform enables the design and development of powerful antimicrobials that avoid currently known antibiotic resistance mechanisms while leaving non-target bacteria unharmed. Built on prokaryotic technology for prokaryotic targets, Locus is advancing its platform to create therapeutics for critical disease areas ranging from resistant bacterial infections to the microbiome.







Proven Leadership





OUR TEAM


EveryoneAllBoard of DirectorsScientific AdvisorsScientific Founders 
Paul GarofoloCo-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, & Chairman of the Board











 








    Paul Garofolo 
    Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, & Chairman of the Board 



Paul has been a member of multiple Executive Management teams of both publically traded multi-national corporations and successful startup opportunities.  He currently serves as the CEO of Locus Biosciences, an emerging biotech focused on the discovery and development of a novel class of CRISPR/Cas Antimicrobials. 
Paul also serves as Vice President of the Friends Board at the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences, and as a Visiting Professor at North Carolina State University’s Poole College of Management.   He serves as an executive-in-residence for the HiTEC Graduate Program, the University’s Entrepreneurship Collaborative. 


Rodolphe Barrangou, PhD, MBACo-Founder, Chief Scientific Officer, Chairman of Scientific Advisors











 








    Rodolphe Barrangou, PhD, MBA 
    Co-Founder, Chief Scientific Officer, Chairman of Scientific Advisors 



Dr. Barrangou earned a BS in Biological Sciences from Rene Descartes University in Paris, France, a MS in Biological Engineering from the University of Technology in Compiegne, France, a MS in Food Science from NC State, a PhD in Genomics from NC State and a MBA from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He spent 9 years in R&D and M&A at Danisco and DuPont.
Currently, Rodolphe Barrangou is an Associate Professor in the Department of Food, Bioprocessing and Nutrition Sciences at North Carolina State, focusing on the evolution and functions of CRISPR-Cas systems, and their applications in bacteria used in food manufacturing. Rodolphe is also an associate member of the Microbiology graduate program, the Biotechnology graduate program, the Functional Genomics graduate program, and the Comparative Medicine Institute. Dr. Barrangou is the T. R. Klaenhammer Distinguished Scholar in Probiotics Research, is a NC State University Distinguished Scholar, and the recipient of the 2014 NC State Alumni Association Outstanding Research Award.
Recently, Rodolphe received the 2016 Warren Alpert Prize and the 2016 Canada Gairdner International Award. Dr. Barrangou is also on the Board of Directors of Caribou Biosciences, a co-founder and member of the Scientific Advisory Board of Intellia Therapeutics, and a co-founder of Locus Biosciences.  


Charles Gersbach, PhDCo-Founder & Scientific Advisor











 








    Charles Gersbach, PhD 
    Co-Founder & Scientific Advisor 



Dr. Charles A. Gersbach is the Rooney Family Associate Professor of Biomedical Engineering at Duke University, as well as the Director of the Duke Center for Biomolecular and Tissue Engineering. He also has appointments in the Duke University Medical Center in the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery and the Center for Genomic and Computational Biology.  His research interests are in the areas of genome and epigenome editing, gene therapy, biomolecular and cellular engineering, regenerative medicine, synthetic biology, and genomics.  Dr. Gersbach received his Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology and his Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology and Emory University School of Medicine focusing on the genetic reprogramming of adult stem cells for musculoskeletal tissue regeneration.  Dr. Gersbach completed his postdoctoral training at The Scripps Research Institute in molecular biology and biochemistry, focusing on developing new genome editing tools with applications in biotechnology and gene therapy.  Dr. Gersbach’s laboratory at Duke University is focused on applying molecular and cellular engineering to applications in gene therapy, regenerative medicine, and basic science.  In particular, his research aims to develop new methods to genetically modify genome sequences and cellular gene networks in a precise and targeted manner.  These new methods are then applied to correction of genetic diseases, directing stem cell differentiation, regeneration of damaged tissues, or answering fundamental biological questions regarding gene regulation and genome structure and function.  Examples of technologies used in his research include genome and epigenome editing, protein engineering, directed evolution, genetic reprogramming, gene delivery, and optogenetics.  Dr. Gersbach’s recognitions include the NIH Director’s New Innovator Award, the National Science Foundation CAREER Award, the Hartwell Foundation Individual Biomedical Research Award, the March of Dimes Basil O’Connor Scholar Award, and the Outstanding New Investigator Award from the American Society of Gene and Cell Therapy. 


Dave Ousterout, PhDCo-Founder & Chief Technology Officer











 








    Dave Ousterout, PhD 
    Co-Founder & Chief Technology Officer 



Dr. Dave Ousterout is a co-founder and Chief Technology Officer for Locus Biosciences. Dave’s expertise is in protein engineering and early stage applications of new technologies to treat human diseases. Dr. Ousterout earned a BS in Biological & Environmental Engineering from Cornell University, an MS in Biomedical Engineering from Duke University and a PhD in Biomedical Engineering from Duke University. Dave completed his doctoral studies at Duke University in the lab of Dr. Charles Gersbach, where he developed novel gene editing approaches for correcting mutations that cause Duchenne muscular dystrophy. His other work has spanned across several fields, including designing and engineering viral and non-viral delivery vectors, DNA binding protein engineering and gene regulation. Prior to Locus, Dave was a consultant at McKinsey & Company. 


Chase Beisel, PhDCo-Founder & Scientific Advisor











 








    Chase Beisel, PhD 
    Co-Founder & Scientific Advisor 



Dr. Beisel is an assistant professor in the Department of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering at North Carolina State University. Prior to starting his faculty position in 2011, Dr. Beisel earned his Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering from the California Institute of Technology and completed a postdoctoral fellowship at the National Institutes of Health. His current research focuses on understanding CRISPR-Cas immune systems and how these systems can be harnessed as biomolecular tools and technologies. His efforts have gained multiple awards, including a Life Sciences Research Foundation postdoctoral fellowship through the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, an NSF CAREER award, a Bay Area Lyme Foundation Emerging Leader Award, and an NIH Maximizing Investigator's Research Award. Dr. Beisel is a co-founder of Locus Biosciences and a member of its Scientific Advisory Board. 


Janet Hammond, MD, PhDScientific Advisor











 








    Janet Hammond, MD, PhD 
    Scientific Advisor 



Janet Hammond MD PhD has worked for almost 20 years in the pharmaceutical industry where she has held positions of increasing responsibility. She was most recently head of Infectious Diseases at Hoffmann-la Roche for the past 5 years, where she has built and led their research and development efforts in the US, Switzerland and China, focusing on novel approaches for the treatment of Hepatitis B and Influenza. She also initiated the company’s re-entry into the area of antibiotic research and development.
Janet obtained her MD and PhD degrees from the University of Cape Town in South Africa, where she trained as an internist and specialized in pulmonary/ critical care medicine. She did her fellowship in Infectious Diseases at Duke and Johns Hopkins Universities before joining Glaxo SmithKline. She subsequently worked at Bristol Myers Squibb and Valeant and has been responsible for the development and approval of several new drugs both in the area of infectious disease and neuroscience. 


Paul Kim, PhDScientific Advisor











 








    Paul Kim, PhD 
    Scientific Advisor 



Dr. Paul Kim is an experienced leader in the pharma/biotech industry spending over 17 years in drug development and commercialization.  He has expertise in project and portfolio management, and has worked extensively leading cross-functional asset development teams at all phases of drug development including several global regulatory submission efforts.  Paul has also worked with both large and small sized companies as well as helped organizations manage periods of significant growth and change.
Paul received a bachelors degree in biology and genetics at the University of British Columbia and his graduate degree in Cellular and Molecular Pathology from Vanderbilt University specializing in neuropathology. He currently holds the position of Vice President of Program Management at Puma Biotechnology where he recently provided project management oversight to the recent NDA and MAA regulatory submissions and currently provides portfolio level oversight to development stage projects and is the executive sponsor in charge of leading the build-out of Puma’s commercialization business systems infrastructure to support their first successful product launch. 


Wayne PearlScientific Advisor











 








    Wayne Pearl 
    Scientific Advisor 



 


Daniel Pomp, PhDScientific Advisor











 








    Daniel Pomp, PhD 
    Scientific Advisor 



Daniel Pomp has over 30 years of experience in the genetics and genomics space as applied to biomedical and agricultural sciences.  He is currently a Professor in the Department of Genetics (School of Medicine) and Nutrition (School of Public Health) at the University of North Carolina – Chapel Hill.  In his academic career, Daniel published over 150 papers and many review articles and book chapters.  Most recently, his group was the first to demonstrate that host DNA can control composition of the mammalian gut microbiome. 
In 1998, Daniel co-founded GeneSeek, a privately held, global biotechnology company dedicated to providing high quality DNA testing to agribusiness and veterinary medicine.  After helping to grow GeneSeek into one of the world’s leading animal genotyping companies, Daniel sold the business to the Neogen Corporation. 
Pomp holds a B.S.Agr. Degree in Animal Science from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, an M.S. degree in Quantitative Genetics from the University of Wisconsin – Madison, a Ph.D. in Animal Genetics and Biotechnology from North Carolina State University and conducted Postdoctoral research in Molecular Genetics at the University of California – Davis.
Pomp is active with the Center for Entrepreneurial Development in North Carolina, and serves on the Board of the Refugee Community Partnership in Chapel Hill. 


Casey Theriot, PhDScientific Advisor











 








    Casey Theriot, PhD 
    Scientific Advisor 



Casey Theriot, PhD, is an Assistant Professor in Infectious Disease at NC State University College of Veterinary Medicine in Raleigh, NC. She received a BES in Environmental Science from the University of Georgia, and her PhD in Microbiology from NC State University. She has also worked at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) as a Microbiologist. She completed a postdoctoral fellowship and independent research position with Dr. Vincent Young at the University of Michigan Medical School, where she focused on defining the gastrointestinal tract microbiome and metabolome during resistance and susceptibility to Clostridium difficile colonization and infection in a mouse model. 
 Dr. Theriot’s current research focuses on how gut microbial derived secondary bile acids inhibit the C. difficile life cycle using in vitro and in vivo models. She is also working on manipulating the gut microbiota to rationally alter the composition of the bile acid pool in the gut, which has the potential to improve preventative and therapeutic approaches against many human diseases. The goal of her work is to design targeted bacterial approaches to prevent and treat gastrointestinal diseases – improving clinical outcomes. Dr. Theriot is a member of the Comparative Medicine Institute at NCSU and the Center for Gastrointestinal Biology and Disease at UNC. She has received multiple pilot and NIH research awards for her research on C. difficile including a Mentored Research Scientist Development Award in Metabolomics (K01) and most recently, the Maximizing Investigators' Research Award (MIRA) (R35) from the NIGMS.  


Jason Vaughn, PhDScientific Advisor











 








    Jason Vaughn, PhD 
    Scientific Advisor 



Dr. Jason M. Vaughn has 12 years of pharmaceutical development experience.  He spent several years at PharmaForm LLC in various positions including Associate Director of Analytical and Formulation Development, Director of Operations and eventually Vice President of Operations. In these positions, he focused on the development of novel abuse deterrent formulations for internal and external clients.   He then joined DPT Laboratories as Director of Formulation Development where he led a team that developed formulations for liquids and semisolids. Following this, he joined Enavail LLC as Director of Research.  In 2012, Jason joined Patheon as Director of Scientific Affairs in the Cincinnati facility leading the development of formulations focused on modified release oral dosage forms. Jason now serves as Vice President of Pharmaceutical Development for Banner Life Sciences where he focuses on novel formulations for the treatment of clinical unmet needs. He received a B.S. in Pharmacy and a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutics from the University of Texas at Austin.  


Bary BaileyDirector











 








    Bary Bailey 
    Director 



Mr. Bailey is an Operating Partner with Cressey & Company, a private investment firm focused exclusively on investing in and building leading healthcare businesses. Prior to joining the C&C team, Bary served as the Chief Financial Officer of AMN Healthcare Services Inc. and prior to that as Chief Financial Officer of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, a global specialty pharmaceutical company. He has also served in executive roles with a variety of other healthcare companies, including PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. where he oversaw Pharmacy Benefit Management and Information Technology, Premier Inc., Tenet Healthcare and Arthur Andersen & Co. and has served on several boards as a director of both public and private companies. 


Chuck Bramlage, MBADirector











 








    Chuck Bramlage, MBA 
    Director 



Mr. Bramlage has just completed his tenure as president and chief executive officer of Pearl Therapeutics, and Head of Respiratory Global Medicines Development at AstraZeneca. He previously was president and chief operating officer of pharmaceutical products at Covidien plc. Chuck also served as president of European operations at Valeant Pharmaceuticals International and president and chief executive officer of BattellePharma, Inc. Earlier in his career, he progressed through various commercial roles at GSK and Merck. Chuck and his teams have launched over 40 brands in 14 therapeutic areas.Mr. Bramlage holds an MBA from the University of Dayton and a BS Administrative Science in Marketing from The Ohio State University. 


Geoff GlassDirector











 








    Geoff Glass 
    Director 



President, Clear Sciences, LLC
Geoffrey M. Glass is currently the President of Clear Sciences, LLC a life sciences-focused management consulting company.  Prior to this Geoff was part of the team at Patheon Pharmaceuticals from 2009-2015, serving as the President of Banner Life Sciences business unit and prior to that as the Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing.
Prior to joining Patheon in 2009, Geoff spent almost five years as a senior executive at Valeant Pharmaceuticals as Senior Vice President, Asia Region at Valeant from 2007 through 2008 and Senior Vice President and CIO, from 2004 to 2007.  Geoff began his career with the Life Sciences practice of Ernst & Young, serving there from 1995-2004.
Geoff graduated from the University of Arizona in 1995 with a degree in Economics.  He presently lives in the Raleigh, North Carolina.  In addition to his professional pursuits, Geoff is an active marathoner and is deeply involved in charitable activities for the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation. 


David Johnston, PhDDirector











 








    David Johnston, PhD 
    Director 



Dr. David Johnston serves as executive vice president of PPD and global head of PPD Laboratories. In his current role, Dr. Johnston directs PPD’s industry leading, comprehensive laboratory services, including bioanalytical, vaccine sciences, GMP laboratories and global central laboratory services.
A biopharmaceutical industry veteran with more than 18 years of leadership experience in the management of clinical trials, Johnston joined PPD in 2013 from LabCorp, where he served as senior vice president and global head of the clinical trials business. Dr. Johnston has a diverse background in clinical research, including experience leading R&D teams, clinical trials quality assurance, multinational laboratory operations and having served as the CSO for a global pharma services organization. 
A pioneer in the field of personalized medicine, Dr. Johnston founded one of the industry’s first companion diagnostics initiatives, which has since supported dozens of co-development projects with pharma and led to the first laboratory-sponsored PMA filing using a novel commercialization model.  Dr. Johnston has studied gene regulation and surface virulence determinants in the pathogeic Neisseriae, and drug resistance mutations in HIV.  He has overseen the development of dozens of novel clinical genotyping assays in the areas of infectious disease, genetics and pharmacogenomics, including the first clinical genotyping assays for HIV drug resistance and HCV subtype determination. 
Dr. Johnston volunteers on the Board of Directors for Prevention Partners, and was previously on the Board of Trustees for Be Active North Carolina.  He has served on the scientific advisory boards for Kylin Therapeutics, Gene Express and a venture capital firm.  He previously served as an adjunct professor of clinical research at Campbell University School of Pharmacy and has lectured on clinical research at several other area universities.  Dr. Johnston was awarded the Triangle Business Journal’s “40 Under 40” leadership award in 2008. 
Johnston earned a bachelor’s degree in biology from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro, and a doctorate in microbiology and immunology from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine. His professional affiliations include the American Society for Microbiology, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the Drug Information Association and the American Association for Clinical Chemistry. 


Shailesh Maingi, MBADirector











 








    Shailesh Maingi, MBA 
    Director 



Shailesh Maingi is Founder and CEO of Kineticos Life Sciences in 2007, a boutique life sciences management consulting practice serving pharmaceutical, biotechnology, precision medicine, diagnostic, contract research organizations and private equity clients. In addition to leading Kineticos, he is Adjunct Faculty at the  Kenan-Flagler School of Business at UNC-Chapel Hill. Mr. Maingi also serves on the Board of Directors at Prevention Partners, a non-profit with a mission of preventing disease. In addition, Mr. Maingi has served on a number of board positions including Gallus Biopharmaceutical, a biologics CMO, Novolipid and Enci Therapeutics, two start up pre-clinical oncology biotechs.  Prior to founding Kineticos Life Sciences, Mr. Maingi was a senior executive at Cardinal Health and Sigma-Aldrich where he held leadership roles in strategy, business development and marketing. Mr. Maingi earned a BS in Chemistry from UNC at Chapel Hill and an MBA. 


Kurt Selle, PhDScientist











 








    Kurt Selle, PhD 
    Scientist 



Dr. Kurt Selle is a Scientist at Locus Biosciences. Dr. Selle earned his B.S. in Microbiology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, then received his M.S. in Food Science and Ph.D. in Functional Genomics at North Carolina State University. Dr. Selle’s doctoral work was completed under the direction of Dr. Rodolphe Barrangou and Dr. Todd Klaenhammer with diverse research projects in lactic acid bacteria genomics and physiology. The primary outcome of his research was capturing large scale genomic island deletions through selection by bacterial genome targeting CRISPR-Cas systems.  


Sandi Wong, PhDScientist











 








    Sandi Wong, PhD 
    Scientist 



Dr. Sandi Wong is a Scientist at Locus Biosciences. Dr. Wong earned her undergraduate degree in Molecular and Cellular Biology at the University of California - Berkeley and her Ph.D. in Microbiology and Immunology at the University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill. In the laboratory of Dr. John Rawls at both UNC and Duke University, Dr. Wong studied the impact of host diet and age on gut microbiome assembly. She has also studied mechanisms of bacterial pathogenesis as wells as beneficial and pathogenic interactions between vertebrate hosts and the microbiome. Prior to joining Locus Biosciences, Dr. Wong was a postdoctoral associate at Duke University. 


Nick Taylor, MMB, MBAResearch & Development











 








    Nick Taylor, MMB, MBA 
    Research & Development 



Nick Taylor is a member of the R&D team at Locus Biosciences. Nick’s expertise is in the evaluation and development of early-stage technologies. He earned dual Masters’ degrees in Microbial Biotechnology and Business Administration at North Carolina State University. Previously, Nick served as an educator in Raleigh, NC, worked for an RTP-based biotech startup, and performed technology evaluation for the North Carolina Biotechnology Center's Business and Technology Development group. 


 




























Breakthrough Science





NEWS & EVENTS


12Jul​Locus CEO talks Tencent investment, FDA plans : Triangle Business Journal...10JulLocus Biosciences Secures $5m Convertible Note for CRISPR-Cas3 Antimicrobials : PR NewswireResearch Triangle Park, N.C., July 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Locus Biosciences Inc. today announced the closing of a $5m Convertible Note t...05JulCRISPR Antibiotics : BioTechniques...26JunScientists Modify Viruses with CRISPR to Kill Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria : Futurism...22JunResearchers Are Using Viruses to Make Superbugs Commit Suicide : Science Alert...VIEW ALL




Investors & Partners











CONTACT US
7020 Kit Creek Road, Suite 210
Research Triangle Park, NC
(919) 313-9648
info@locus-bio.com













© Copyright 2017 Locus Biosciences, Inc. All rights reserved. 



 




































	LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES Trademark of Locus Biosciences, Inc.. Serial Number: 86687724 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Pharmaceutical Products
LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES










 
Get FREE email alerts













LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES  Trademark Information
 Locus Biosciences, Inc.
Pharmaceutical products utilizing targeted technologies, namely, DNA addressing and specialized delivery mechanisms, for antimicrobial and therapeutic use, for the treatment of infectious diseases, cancer and other genetic diseases




Perfect for these industries

Pharmaceutical Products





Words that describe this mark
pharmaceutical   products   utilizing   targeted   technologies         dna   addressing   specialized   delivery   mechanisms      antimicrobial   therapeutic   use      treatment   infectious   diseases      cancer   genetic   diseases    
                                    




This is a brand page for the LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES trademark by Locus Biosciences, Inc. 
                                in Cary, NC, 27519.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Locus Biosciences, Inc. of the LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES trademark.
                           






On Thursday, July 09, 2015,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES by 
                        Locus Biosciences, Inc., Cary, NC  27519.
                        The USPTO has given the LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES 
                        trademark serial  number of  86687724.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is SECOND EXTENSION - GRANTED.
                        The correspondent listed for LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES is 
                        
                        
                                            BLAKE SIMPSON FRICKS of 
                                            Smith Anderson Blount,  PO Box 2611, Raleigh, NC 27602-2611 
                                .
                            The LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Pharmaceutical Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES 
                            is Pharmaceutical products utilizing targeted technologies, namely, DNA addressing and specialized delivery mechanisms, for antimicrobial and therapeutic use, for the treatment of infectious diseases, cancer and other genetic diseases. 
                            





Word mark:
 LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES


  Status/Status Date:  


SECOND EXTENSION - GRANTED

3/28/2017



  Serial Number:  
86687724


  Filing Date:  
7/9/2015


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Pharmaceutical products utilizing targeted technologies, namely, DNA addressing and specialized delivery mechanisms, for antimicrobial and therapeutic use, for the treatment of infectious diseases, cancer and other genetic diseases


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of a design featuring a gene within a circle using the colors red and black. The top left of the circle is red, and the bottom right is black. The top left portion of the gene is black, and the bottom right portion is red. To the right of the design is a red vertical line and to the right of the line is the phrase "LOCUS BIOSCIENCES" with "LOCUS" in red and "BIOSCIENCES" in black. The phrase "ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES" is below in black.


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
2/2/2016


Last Applicant/Owner:

Locus Biosciences, Inc.Cary, NC  27519
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Plain single line circles  (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...


                                                    Helixes  (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...


                                                    Straight line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...


                                                     Vertical line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("LOCUS BIOSCIENCES" AND "ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINE")


 Correspondent:


BLAKE SIMPSON FRICKS
Smith Anderson Blount
PO Box 2611
Raleigh, NC 27602-2611






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (005) - Pharmaceutical and veterinary preparations; sanitary preparations for medical purposes; dietetic substances adapted for medical use, food for babies; plasters, materials for dressings; material for stopping teeth, dental wax; disinfectants; preparations for destroying vermin; fungicides, herbicides. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/28/2017
SECOND EXTENSION - GRANTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



BLAKE SIMPSON FRICKS


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search locusbiosciencesengi on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERI... 




LOCUS BIOSCIENCES ENGINEERING PRECISION MEDICINES is providing Pharmaceutical products utilizing targeted technologies, namely, DNA addressing and specialized delivery mechanisms, for antimicrobial and therapeutic use, for the treatment of infectious diseases, cancer and other genetic diseases.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 



























Locus Biosciences Secures $5m Convertible Note for CRISPR-Cas3 Antimicrobials

























25/07/2017 14:20:47



1-888-992-3836 (toll free)


Free Membership
Login





MonitorQuoteChartsTradesNewsFinancialsToplistsAlertsPortfolioLevel 2Boards









Follow FeedMost PopularSitemapForex & FuturesWorld Exchanges

















Locus Biosciences Secures $5m Convertible Note for CRISPR-Cas3 Antimicrobials


Date : 07/10/2017 @ 9:30AM


Source : PR Newswire (US)









Locus Biosciences Secures $5m Convertible Note for CRISPR-Cas3 Antimicrobials
Tweet


Print



RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C., July 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Locus Biosciences Inc. today announced the closing of a $5m Convertible Note to support the development of CRISPR-Cas3 antimicrobial therapeutics. Financing for the round was led by Tencent Holdings Limited, a leading Chinese Internet services provider, and joined by the North Carolina Biotechnology Center. This funding will advance multiple infectious disease product programs targeting antibiotic resistant infections and other microbiome-related diseases.



Founded by Dr. Rodolphe Barrangou and Dr. Charles Gersbach, Locus Biosciences designs and creates novel antimicrobial applications which leverage the powerful CRISPR-Cas3 system that kills target bacteria by irreversibly destroying the bacterial DNA. Unlike efforts to use CRISPR-Cas9 and other technologies to edit the human genome, Locus is taking advantage of the unique properties of CRISPR-Cas3 to target and eradicate specific bacterial populations. Locus believes this technology is a catalyst for new infectious disease and microbiome therapies while simultaneously addressing the challenges coupled with broad-spectrum antibiotics and the selection for antibiotic resistance. 
Locus Biosciences is using CRISPR-Cas3 technology to target antibiotic resistant infections without risks associated with targeting human cells. "Our novel CRISPR-Cas3 approach to precision antimicrobials works by commandeering a bacterial cell immune system present in many bacteria, so we never modify human cells," said Rodolphe Barrangou, PhD., CSO of Locus Biosciences. "This makes our technology ideal for addressing pathogenic targets throughout the microbiome while avoiding currently known antibiotic resistance mechanisms and leaving non-target bacteria and human cells unharmed."  
Scientists at Locus Biosciences are now advancing their work with CRISPR-Cas3 to develop antimicrobials to take on diseases such as C. difficile and CRE infections. "As the only company in the world using CRISPR-Cas3 enzymes to kill targeted pathogens, we believe Locus could have the world's most powerful mechanism of action to drive programmed cell death in bacterial targets," says Paul Garofolo, CEO of Locus Biosciences. "Not only could this technology revolutionize the way we treat multi-drug resistant infections in patients, but it could also catalyze a novel and powerful approach to changing the human microbiome."  
About Locus Biosciences
Locus Biosciences is an emerging biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of a next generation CRISPR-Cas platform for precision antimicrobials.  Our novel approach to precision antimicrobials works by taking advantage of an immune system present in many bacteria called the CRISPR-Cas system.  Locus designs and creates novel CRISPR RNAs (guide RNAs) that direct the powerful Cas3 nuclease to target and kill bacteria cells by irreversibly destroying DNA. The irreversible destruction of DNA is the primary differentiator between Cas3 and the more widely known Cas9 enzyme used for gene editing and repair.  Locus has exclusive rights to the use of the novel Type I CRISPR-Cas3 platform, a programmable system that destroys DNA efficiently, specifically and beyond repair. 
The Locus Biosciences platform enables the design and development of powerful antimicrobials that avoid currently known antibiotic resistance mechanisms while leaving non-target bacteria unharmed. Built on prokaryotic technology for prokaryotic targets, Locus is advancing its platform to create therapeutics for critical disease areas ranging from resistant bacterial infections to the microbiome.


View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/locus-biosciences-secures-5m-convertible-note-for-crispr-cas3-antimicrobials-300485134.html
SOURCE  Locus Biosciences Inc.


Copyright 2017 PR Newswire












 

 
Your Recent History
						


 


 







LSE






					GKP
				




				Gulf Keyst..
			








LSE






					QPP
				




				Quindell
			








FTSE






					UKX
				




				FTSE 100
			








LSE






					IOF
				




				Iofina
			








FX






					GBPUSD
				




				UK Sterlin..
			



 

Stocks you've viewed will appear in this box, letting you easily return to quotes you've seen previously.Register now to create your own custom streaming stock watchlist.
 

 



NYSE, AMEX, and ASX quotes are delayed by at least 20 minutes.All other quotes are delayed by at least 15 minutes unless otherwise stated.		





 By accessing the services available at ADVFN you are agreeing to be bound by ADVFN's
                Terms & Conditions





Suggestion box


Investment Warning


Copyright © 1999 - 2017


Cookie and Privacy Policy

.



 

ADVFN UK
Investors Hub
ADVFN Italy
ADVFN Australia
ADVFN Brazil




ADVFN Canada
ADVFN Germany
ADVFN Japan
ADVFN Mexico




ADVFN France
ADVFN US
Finance Manila


P:42 V:us D:20170725 18:20:47


Welcome   
Bad Login - try again








Username



Password



Forgotten password?  
					





help@advfn.com1-888-992-3836 (toll free)

Don't have an account?  Register Now.


















 

Locus Biosciences obtained $5 million investment








































































 














































 








Home
News
Articles
Media
Events
Surveys
Magazine (Rus)
Partners
Contacts
Russian version
 


 








Search



























Contract manufacturing











































Sign in
Welcome! Log into your account

your username
your password

Forgot your password? Get help


Password recovery
Recover your password

your email

A password will be e-mailed to you.










GMP news





 















Home
News
Articles
Media
Events
Surveys
Magazine (Rus)
Partners
Contacts
Russian version






































Locus Biosciences obtained $5 million investment

11.07.2017 |
Experts |
Biotechnologies, Drug Development 0 88 










Locus Biosciences Inc., an emerging biotechnology company, announced the closing of a $5M Convertible Note to support the development of CRISPR-Cas3 antimicrobial therapeutics. Financing for the round was led by Tencent Holdings Limited, a leading Chinese Internet services provider, and joined by the North Carolina Biotechnology Center. This funding will advance multiple infectious disease product programs targeting antibiotic resistant infections and other microbiome-related diseases.
Founded by Dr. Rodolphe Barrangou and Dr. Charles Gersbach, Locus Biosciences designs and creates novel antimicrobial applications which leverage the powerful CRISPR-Cas3 system that kills target bacteria by irreversibly destroying the bacterial DNA. Unlike efforts to use CRISPR-Cas9 and other technologies to edit the human genome, Locus is taking advantage of the unique properties of CRISPR-Cas3 to target and eradicate specific bacterial populations. Locus believes this technology is a catalyst for new infectious disease and microbiome therapies while simultaneously addressing the challenges coupled with broad-spectrum antibiotics and the selection for antibiotic resistance. Locus Biosciences is using CRISPR-Cas3 technology to target antibiotic resistant infections without risks associated with targeting human cells.
“Our novel CRISPR-Cas3 approach to precision antimicrobials works by commandeering a bacterial cell immune system present in many bacteria, so we never modify human cells,” said Rodolphe Barrangou, PhD., CSO of Locus Biosciences. “This makes our technology ideal for addressing pathogenic targets throughout the microbiome while avoiding currently known antibiotic resistance mechanisms and leaving non-target bacteria and human cells unharmed.”
Scientists at Locus Biosciences are now advancing their work with CRISPR-Cas3 to develop antimicrobials to take on diseases such as C.difficile and CRE infections.
“As the only company in the world using CRISPR-Cas3 enzymes to kill targeted pathogens, we believe Locus could have the world’s most powerful mechanism of action to drive programmed cell death in bacterial targets,” says Paul Garofolo, CEO of Locus Biosciences. “Not only could this technology revolutionize the way we treat multi-drug resistant infections in patients, but it could also catalyze a novel and powerful approach to changing the human microbiome.”


 

 
 


RELATED ARTICLES




 

Projects to build two enterprises in Baku are estimated at $100 million 

 



 

Ifar is completing preclinical trials of a drug regulating blood clotting 

 



 

NITA-FARM is a major player in veterinary pharmaceuticals industry 

 




 

Cellectis received the patent from European Patent Office 

 



 

Recce launched the automated manufacturing process of antibiotics 

 



 

AbbVie will have to pay $150 million after losing a lawsuit in USA 

   



 
 





Contract manufacturing




Binnopharm – full-cycle biopharmaceutical faciliti... 





 




Pharmacor Production Ltd. 





 




V.P. Filatov Pharmaceutical Plant 





 




R-Pharm – Russian High-Tech Pharmaceutical Enterprise 





 




Canonpharma Production 





 




PIQ-PHARMA Group of Companies 





  


 
 

 
 
 






 




 



 

















 

Join our newsletter!

				Join over 8,000 pharmaceutical professionals who get free, fresh news from the field delivered to their mailbox every day!
			









* Fields are required 






TOP NEWS




2017 sets a milestone of great changes for Russian pharmaceu... 



 




Welcome to “GEP-Kiev 2017” Good Engineering Prac... 



 




Investigation on counterfeit medicines takes place in China 



   

POPULAR ARTICLES




Glenmark entered exclusive agreement with Cyndea Pharma 



 




GMP Inspection practice: a case for global benchmarking, con... 



 




Cambridge University intends to create therapeutics industry... 



   

PHARMA COMPANIES 
V.P. Filatov Pharmaceutical Plant Nanolek Pharmacor R-PharmBiocad Geropharm GE Healthcare PIQ Farma Canonpharma Aktivny Komponent AkrikhinPetrovax
Egis
Evalar
Pharmsyntez
Polysan
Abolmed
Astrazeneca
Binnopharm
Canonpharma
Dobrolek
Fort
Grindeks
Chemrar
Nativa
Microgen
Niarmedic Plus
NovaMedica

 





ABOUT US"GMP news" is a Portal about international GMP Standard for pharmaceutical professionals and specialists, managers, and students. We provide coverage of the most important news in pharmaceutical trade accompanied by topical articles and press realeases from the forerunners of pharmaceutical industry.FOLLOW US


































 
 










 










Subscribe to Newsletter!
Glossary
Privacy Policy
About
Contacts
 

                    © GMP news                







MORE STORIES




Projects to build two enterprises in Baku are estimated at $... 






Ifar is completing preclinical trials of a drug regulating b... 






















We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OK






	Locus Biosciences Inc. - Company Profile - BioCentury




























































Publications
archives
BCIQ
Conferences
version 4.3.15.600





Free Trial / Subscribe


SIGN IN



English
简体中文
日本語
한국어







Biocentury





Menu





                                        Home
                                        
+




                                        Publications
                                        
+



Publications Home >


BioCentury>


BC Innovations>


BC Extra>


BC Week In Review>


Current Issues>




Archives 
                                        
+



Archives Home >


Basic Search>


Advanced Search>


Back Issues>




BCIQ
                                        
+



BCIQ Home >


Overview>


Pipeline Analyst>


Financial Analyst>


Company Analyst>


Deal Analyst>




Conferences 
                                        
+




Conferences Home >


Newsmakers


Bio€quity Europe


Future Leaders


China Healthcare Summit


Other Industry Events





eLearning 
                                        
+



eLearning Home >


Videos>


White Papers>


                                            Follow Us
                                            


























BCIQ / Company Profile


BCIQ Overview   |    
                        Settings   |   
                        Support















Biocentury



Print this                                                    
                        
















                         
                            

    

    

    
                         
                        



                            Locus Biosciences Inc.
                        









print preview


export


bookmark


share with colleague





















General Information
                    






 Location

Research Triangle Park, N.C.


 Region

North Carolina


 Country

U.S.


 Business Category

Infectious


 Year Founded

2015


 Website

http://www.locus-bio.com



 Lead Product Status

Preclinical






















 Archive Items are loading
                            













 Financial Information
                        






 Financing
                                                Summary







 Financing Details







 Earnings
                                    Summary
                                






 Stocks Annual Chart
                                





















 Pipeline Information
                        






 Pipeline
                                                Summary







 Pipeline Details




















 Deals Information
                        






 Deals
                                                Summary







 Deals Details






















About Biocentury


Company Overview


Management


Editorial & Research




Contact


Contact Us


Advertising & Sponsorship


Career Opportunities




Support


Forgot Password


Customer Service


Reprints


FAQs




Products & Solutions


Products Overview


Publications


Archives


BCIQ


Conferences


eLearning


RSS Feeds




Legal


User Agreement


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Your California Privacy Rights


Use of Images

Follow Us
                            











What is BioCentury?
BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions and conferences — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets.

Sign in
Free Trial












© 2017 BioCentury Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     
                        Terms & Conditions
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy











Set Email Alert






dummy




















Locus Biosciences Secures $5m Convertible Note For CRISPR-Cas3 Antimicrobials - TheStreet



































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Locus Biosciences Secures $5m Convertible Note For CRISPR-Cas3 Antimicrobials









PR Newswire




Jul 10, 2017 9:30 AM EDT













 




























































  RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C., July 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Locus Biosciences Inc. today announced the closing of a $5m Convertible Note to support the development of CRISPR-Cas3 antimicrobial therapeutics. Financing for the round was led by Tencent Holdings Limited, a leading Chinese Internet services provider, and joined by the North Carolina Biotechnology Center. This funding will advance multiple infectious disease product programs targeting antibiotic resistant infections and other microbiome-related diseases.     Founded by Dr. Rodolphe Barrangou and Dr. Charles Gersbach, Locus Biosciences designs and creates novel antimicrobial applications which leverage the powerful CRISPR-Cas3 system that kills target bacteria by irreversibly destroying the bacterial DNA. Unlike efforts to use CRISPR-Cas9 and other technologies to edit the human genome, Locus is taking advantage of the unique properties of CRISPR-Cas3 to target and eradicate specific bacterial populations. Locus believes this technology is a catalyst for new infectious disease and microbiome therapies while simultaneously addressing the challenges coupled with broad-spectrum antibiotics and the selection for antibiotic resistance. Locus Biosciences is using CRISPR-Cas3 technology to target antibiotic resistant infections without risks associated with targeting human cells. "Our novel CRISPR-Cas3 approach to precision antimicrobials works by commandeering a bacterial cell immune system present in many bacteria, so we never modify human cells," said Rodolphe Barrangou, PhD., CSO of Locus Biosciences. "This makes our technology ideal for addressing pathogenic targets throughout the microbiome while avoiding currently known antibiotic resistance mechanisms and leaving non-target bacteria and human cells unharmed."  Scientists at Locus Biosciences are now advancing their work with CRISPR-Cas3 to develop antimicrobials to take on diseases such as C. difficile and CRE infections. "As the only company in the world using CRISPR-Cas3 enzymes to kill targeted pathogens, we believe Locus could have the world's most powerful mechanism of action to drive programmed cell death in bacterial targets," says Paul Garofolo, CEO of Locus Biosciences. "Not only could this technology revolutionize the way we treat multi-drug resistant infections in patients, but it could also catalyze a novel and powerful approach to changing the human microbiome."   About Locus Biosciences Locus Biosciences is an emerging biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of a next generation CRISPR-Cas platform for precision antimicrobials.  Our novel approach to precision antimicrobials works by taking advantage of an immune system present in many bacteria called the CRISPR-Cas system.  Locus designs and creates novel CRISPR RNAs (guide RNAs) that direct the powerful Cas3 nuclease to target and kill bacteria cells by irreversibly destroying DNA. The irreversible destruction of DNA is the primary differentiator between Cas3 and the more widely known Cas9 enzyme used for gene editing and repair.  Locus has exclusive rights to the use of the novel Type I CRISPR-Cas3 platform, a programmable system that destroys DNA efficiently, specifically and beyond repair.  



 








 































































 


















Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

















Paul M. Garofolo - Executive Officer at Locus Biosciences, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Paul M. Garofolo
Executive Officer at Locus Biosciences, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Transactions 


Paul M. Garofolo
Executive Officer at Locus Biosciences, Inc.



 Overview



Age



46
                                  (Born 1971)
                                              




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 200 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
July 10, 2017





                        Locus Biosciences Secures $5m Convertible Note for CRISPR-Cas3 Antimicrobials                    





TechCrunch
December 21, 2016





                        Move over Cas9, CRISPR-Cas3 might hold the key to solving the antibiotics crisis                    





Crain's Cleveland Business
May 30, 2016





                        Force were way ahead of the times                     







 Relationships
              See Details




Geoffrey M. Glass

Former Senior Vice President & Chief Information Officer at Valeant Pharmaceuticals International




Charles J. Bramlage

President & Chief Executive Officer at Pearl Therapeutics, Inc.





Bary G. Bailey

Chief Operating Partner at Cressey & Co LP




David Johnston

Director at Locus Biosciences, Inc.





Nick Taylor

Executive Officer at Locus Biosciences, Inc.




Byron B. Kirkland







Doaa A. Fathallah

General Counsel & Chief Administrative Officer at Marken Ltd.




Wesley P. Wheeler

Chief Executive Officer & Director at Marken Ltd.





Jonathan Arnold

Former Chief Procurement Officer at Patheon, Inc.




Francisco R. Negron

President at Banner Pharmacaps, Inc.







See 190 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 190 More 


 


 Paths to Paul M. Garofolo



            Paul M. Garofolo          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Paul M. Garofolo






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Paul M. Garofolo.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



BSBA with a Concentration in Management Information Systems 


The University of Arizona

                  Established in 1885, the University of Arizona, the state's super land-grant university with two medical schools, produces graduates who are real-world ready through its 100% Engagement initiative. Recognized as a global leader, the UA is also a leader in research, bringing more than $606 million in research investment each year, and ranking 20th among all public universities. The UA is advancing the frontiers of interdisciplinary scholarship and entrepreneurial partnerships, and is a member of the Association of American Universities, the 62 leading public and private research universities. It benefits the state with an estimated economic impact of $8.3 billion annually.                





 Career History



Executive Officer

                                    Current                


Locus Biosciences, Inc.






Chief Technology Officer

                                    2008 - 2014                


Patheon, Inc.


                  Patheon, Inc. provides drug development and manufacturing services to global pharmaceutical, biotechnology and specialty pharmaceutical companies. It operates through two segments: Commercial Manufacturing Outsourcing and Pharmaceutical Development Services. The Commercial Manufacturing Outsourcing segment manufactures prescription products in sterile dosage forms as well as solid and liquid conventional dosage forms. The Pharmaceutical Development Services segment provides a broad range of development services, including solid and sterile dosage forms. The company operates through four market segments: Biologics, Emerging Pharma, Generics and Large Pharma. Patheon was founded in 1974 and is headquartered in Mississauga, Canada.                




Chief Information Officer

                                    2000 - 2004                


Valeant Pharmaceuticals International


                  Valeant Pharmaceuticals International operates as a global, research-based pharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, manufactures and markets pharmaceutical products, primarily in the areas of neurology, dermatology and infectious disease. The company was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Bridgewater, NJ.                




Chief Technology Officer

                                    Prior                


The Broadlane Group, Inc.


                  The Broadlane Group, Inc. provides business and logistics consulting services for the healthcare industry. It offers supply chain management, strategic sourcing of supplies, professional sourcing, clinical workforce optimization, clinical and lean process consulting, operations and capital equipment lifecycle management solution. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Dallas, TX.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Oracle Corp.


                  Oracle Corp. provides enterprise software and computer hardware products and services. The company is organized into the following businesses: Software and Cloud, Hardware Systems and Services. The Software and Cloud business operates through the following segments: New Software Licenses and Cloud Software Subscriptions, Cloud Infrastructure-As-A-Service and Software License Updates and Product Support. The New Software Licenses and Cloud Software Subscriptions segment includes database, middleware and application software licenses, as well as its Oracle cloud software-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service offerings. The cloud infrastructure-as-a-service segment provides deployment and management offerings for its software and hardware and related IT infrastructure. The Software License Updates and Product Support segment provide customers with rights to software product upgrades and maintenance releases and patches released during the term of the support period. The Hardware Systems business operates through the following segments: Hardware Systems Products and Hardware Systems Support. The Hardware Systems Products segment provides a broad selection of hardware systems and related services including servers, storage, networking, virtualization software, operating systems and management software to support diverse IT environments, including cloud computing environments. The Hardware Systems Support segment provides customers with software updates for software components that are essential to the functionality of its server and storage products, such as Oracle Solaris and certain other software products, and can include product repairs, maintenance services and technical support services. The Services business offer services solutions to help customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle technology. Oracle Corp. was founded on June 16, 1977 by Lawrence Joseph Ellison, Robert Nimrod Miner and Edward A. Oates and is headquartered in Redwood City, CA.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Ernst & Young Global Ltd.


                  Ernst & Young Global Ltd. operates as a holder of global organization of membership firms. It offers advisory, assurance, tax, transactions, and specialty services. The company was founded on November 26, 2001 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    Current                  


Locus Biosciences, Inc.







 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Locus Biosciences, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Locus Biosciences, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Paul M. Garofolo is affiliated with
                            Locus Biosciences, Inc., Patheon, Inc., Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, The Broadlane Group, Inc., Oracle Corp., Ernst & Young Global Ltd., Locus Biosciences, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤





















































Locus Biosciences Secures $5m Convertible Note for CRISPR-Cas3 Antimicrobials - Charlotte Business Journal









































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



Smart Money/Smart Businesses 2017




The Future of Work




The Business of Branding




CRE Now




Talent Recruitment




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases





Subscribers



Subscriber-Only Content




Digital Edition




Start a Subscription




Sign up for Newsletters






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Access the Book of Lists




Purchase the Book of Lists




Build Your Own Lists




Submit Your Company to Be on a List






Awards



Women in Business Awards




40 Under 40 Awards




Nominate for an Award





 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations




Add Your Event




Event Photos






Signature Events



Bizwomen Mentoring Monday




Women in Business Awards




40 Under 40 Awards





 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job in Charlotte




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









Sales Leads
Public records information to build your business




How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Home of the Day
Premium real estate listings in Charlotte




Bizspace
Best office spaces available in Charlotte




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Start a Subscription




Subscriber-Only Content




Digital Edition




Access the Book of Lists




Purchase the Book of Lists




Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About Us




About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Contact Us




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters




Mobile Apps




Syndication/RSS






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Locus Biosciences Secures $5m Convertible Note for CRISPR-Cas3 Antimicrobials






Jul 10, 2017, 9:30am EDT














RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C., July 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Locus Biosciences Inc. today announced the closing of a $5m Convertible Note to support the development of CRISPR-Cas3 antimicrobial therapeutics. Financing for the round was led by Tencent Holdings Limited, a leading Chinese Internet services provider, and joined by the North Carolina Biotechnology Center. This funding will advance multiple infectious disease product programs targeting antibiotic resistant infections and other microbiome-related diseases.



Founded by Dr. Rodolphe Barrangou and Dr. Charles Gersbach, Locus Biosciences designs and creates novel antimicrobial applications which leverage the powerful CRISPR-Cas3 system that kills target bacteria by irreversibly destroying the bacterial DNA. Unlike efforts to use CRISPR-Cas9 and other technologies to edit the human genome, Locus is taking advantage of the unique properties of CRISPR-Cas3 to target and eradicate specific bacterial populations. Locus believes this technology is a catalyst for new infectious disease and microbiome therapies while simultaneously addressing the challenges coupled with broad-spectrum antibiotics and the selection for antibiotic resistance. 
Locus Biosciences is using CRISPR-Cas3 technology to target antibiotic resistant infections without risks associated with targeting human cells. "Our novel CRISPR-Cas3 approach to precision antimicrobials works by commandeering a bacterial cell immune system present in many bacteria, so we never modify human cells," said Rodolphe Barrangou, PhD., CSO of Locus Biosciences. "This makes our technology ideal for addressing pathogenic targets throughout the microbiome while avoiding currently known antibiotic resistance mechanisms and leaving non-target bacteria and human cells unharmed."  
Scientists at Locus Biosciences are now advancing their work with CRISPR-Cas3 to develop antimicrobials to take on diseases such as C. difficile and CRE infections. "As the only company in the world using CRISPR-Cas3 enzymes to kill targeted pathogens, we believe Locus could have the world's most powerful mechanism of action to drive programmed cell death in bacterial targets," says Paul Garofolo, CEO of Locus Biosciences. "Not only could this technology revolutionize the way we treat multi-drug resistant infections in patients, but it could also catalyze a novel and powerful approach to changing the human microbiome."  
About Locus Biosciences
Locus Biosciences is an emerging biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of a next generation CRISPR-Cas platform for precision antimicrobials.  Our novel approach to precision antimicrobials works by taking advantage of an immune system present in many bacteria called the CRISPR-Cas system.  Locus designs and creates novel CRISPR RNAs (guide RNAs) that direct the powerful Cas3 nuclease to target and kill bacteria cells by irreversibly destroying DNA. The irreversible destruction of DNA is the primary differentiator between Cas3 and the more widely known Cas9 enzyme used for gene editing and repair.  Locus has exclusive rights to the use of the novel Type I CRISPR-Cas3 platform, a programmable system that destroys DNA efficiently, specifically and beyond repair. 
The Locus Biosciences platform enables the design and development of powerful antimicrobials that avoid currently known antibiotic resistance mechanisms while leaving non-target bacteria unharmed. Built on prokaryotic technology for prokaryotic targets, Locus is advancing its platform to create therapeutics for critical disease areas ranging from resistant bacterial infections to the microbiome.


View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/locus-biosciences-secures-5m-convertible-note-for-crispr-cas3-antimicrobials-300485134.html
SOURCE  Locus Biosciences Inc.




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited. Charlotte Business Journal is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. Charlotte Business Journal is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  























 



 Locus Biosciences Secures $5m Convertible Note for CRISPR-Cas3 Antimicrobials 
         










    










 













 











 



















Locus Biosciences Secures $5m Convertible Note for CRISPR-Cas3 Antimicrobials
        																																												
              
















 News provided by
Locus Biosciences Inc.  
Jul 10, 2017, 09:30 ET









 Share this article



























































RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C., July 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Locus Biosciences Inc. today announced the closing of a $5m Convertible Note to support the development of CRISPR-Cas3 antimicrobial therapeutics. Financing for the round was led by Tencent Holdings Limited, a leading Chinese Internet services provider, and joined by the North Carolina Biotechnology Center. This funding will advance multiple infectious disease product programs targeting antibiotic resistant infections and other microbiome-related diseases.


Founded by Dr. Rodolphe Barrangou and Dr. Charles Gersbach, Locus Biosciences designs and creates novel antimicrobial applications which leverage the powerful CRISPR-Cas3 system that kills target bacteria by irreversibly destroying the bacterial DNA. Unlike efforts to use CRISPR-Cas9 and other technologies to edit the human genome, Locus is taking advantage of the unique properties of CRISPR-Cas3 to target and eradicate specific bacterial populations. Locus believes this technology is a catalyst for new infectious disease and microbiome therapies while simultaneously addressing the challenges coupled with broad-spectrum antibiotics and the selection for antibiotic resistance. 
Locus Biosciences is using CRISPR-Cas3 technology to target antibiotic resistant infections without risks associated with targeting human cells. "Our novel CRISPR-Cas3 approach to precision antimicrobials works by commandeering a bacterial cell immune system present in many bacteria, so we never modify human cells," said Rodolphe Barrangou, PhD., CSO of Locus Biosciences. "This makes our technology ideal for addressing pathogenic targets throughout the microbiome while avoiding currently known antibiotic resistance mechanisms and leaving non-target bacteria and human cells unharmed."  
Scientists at Locus Biosciences are now advancing their work with CRISPR-Cas3 to develop antimicrobials to take on diseases such as C. difficile and CRE infections. "As the only company in the world using CRISPR-Cas3 enzymes to kill targeted pathogens, we believe Locus could have the world's most powerful mechanism of action to drive programmed cell death in bacterial targets," says Paul Garofolo, CEO of Locus Biosciences. "Not only could this technology revolutionize the way we treat multi-drug resistant infections in patients, but it could also catalyze a novel and powerful approach to changing the human microbiome."  
About Locus Biosciences
Locus Biosciences is an emerging biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of a next generation CRISPR-Cas platform for precision antimicrobials.  Our novel approach to precision antimicrobials works by taking advantage of an immune system present in many bacteria called the CRISPR-Cas system.  Locus designs and creates novel CRISPR RNAs (guide RNAs) that direct the powerful Cas3 nuclease to target and kill bacteria cells by irreversibly destroying DNA. The irreversible destruction of DNA is the primary differentiator between Cas3 and the more widely known Cas9 enzyme used for gene editing and repair.  Locus has exclusive rights to the use of the novel Type I CRISPR-Cas3 platform, a programmable system that destroys DNA efficiently, specifically and beyond repair. 
The Locus Biosciences platform enables the design and development of powerful antimicrobials that avoid currently known antibiotic resistance mechanisms while leaving non-target bacteria unharmed. Built on prokaryotic technology for prokaryotic targets, Locus is advancing its platform to create therapeutics for critical disease areas ranging from resistant bacterial infections to the microbiome.
View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/locus-biosciences-secures-5m-convertible-note-for-crispr-cas3-antimicrobials-300485134.html
SOURCE Locus Biosciences Inc. 



 










My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Locus Biosciences Secures $5m Convertible Note for CRISPR-Cas3 Antimicrobials


 News provided by
Locus Biosciences Inc.  
Jul 10, 2017, 09:30 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 













Company Profile: Locus Biosciences | CED




























Skip to main content






          CED        



myCED







              Menu
            




Company Profile: Locus Biosciences




Home 





Company Profile: Locus Biosciences







 





 
 








 






CED Life Science Conference 2017 - Showcase & Innovation Room
www.locus-bio.com                                                                                
Sub-sector: Biotech and Pharmaceutical                                                              
Year Founded: 2015
COMPANY PROFILE
Locus Biosciences is an emerging biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of a next generation CRISPR-Cas platform for Programmed Cell Death.  Our novel platform creates precision antimicrobials through targeted DNA destruction using CRISPR-Cas technology. CRISPR-Cas systems are natural immune systems from bacteria that can be readily programmed to target DNA for destruction. Locus has exclusive rights to the use of the novel Type I CRISPR-Cas3 system, a programmable system that destroys DNA efficiently, specifically and beyond repair.
Locus Biosciences designs and creates novel CRISPR RNAs (guide RNAs) that direct the powerful CRISPR-Cas3 nuclease to target and kill bacteria by irreversibly destroying the bacterial DNA. The irreversible destruction of DNA is the primary differentiator between Cas3 and Cas9, as Cas9 makes double-stranded breaks that can be repaired by the cell.
The Locus Biosciences platform enables the design and development of powerful antimicrobials that avoid currently known antibiotic resistance mechanisms while leaving non-target bacteria unharmed. Built on prokaryotic technology for prokaryotic targets, Locus is advancing its platform to create therapeutics for critical disease areas ranging from resistant bacterial infections to the microbiome.
FOUNDERS/MANAGEMENT TEAM
Paul Garofolo, Chief Executive Officer
Rodolphe Barrangou PhD MBA, Chief Scientific Officer
David Ousterout, Chief Technology Officer
KEY MILESTONES TO DATE
Funding: $1.85MM in Angel Funding, $325k in NC Biotech Center Venture Loans, $1.25m in convertible note funding (totaling $3.2m raised to date)
Developed and validated, in vitro, a unique suite of delivery vectors of a patent-pending CRISPR-Cas system for antimicrobials and microbiome indications
Successful completion of pre-clinical survival studies in murine models of lethal bacterial peritonitis
Successfully raised a Series-Seed funding round of $1.5MM and in process of raising $5m convertible note ($1.25m raised inside the note to date)
POWERED BY
CED, Duke Office of Licensing and Ventures, NC Biotechnology Center, NC State Office of Technology Transfer, SBTDC, Alexandria Ventures
CONTACT
Paul Garofolo
paul.garofolo@locus-bio.com
Raleigh, NC
Learn more about the CED Life Science Conference.
 










 






News




 Pendo Secures $25M Series C Funding Led By Meritech Capital Partners 
 19 Jul 2017  

 Chinese Tech Giant Tencent Invests in RTP's Locus Biosciences 
 18 Jul 2017  

 Strategic Partner Spotlight: Gordon Asset Management  
 17 Jul 2017  

 












 

Give Back to the Network
 
Donate





  

 

HB2 & Entrepreneurs
CED has been following HB2 closely. We are sharing resources to help keep you informed.
Click Here for More





  

 






 




Entrepreneur
Locus Biosciences






  

 




Entrepreneur
The Produce Box






  

 




Entrepreneur
BioResource International, Inc. (BRI) 






  

 

















Locus Biosciences Secures $5M Convertible Note

















































Skip to content


FinSMEs




REAL TIME VC & PRIVATE EQUITY DEALS AND NEWS




Search for:





Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin





Navigation



HomeUSALocus Biosciences Secures $5M Convertible Note




Locus Biosciences Secures $5M Convertible Note


USA 

Published on July 10, 2017By FinSMEs 






Locus Biosciences, Inc., a Research Triangle Park, N.C.-based biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of a next generation CRISPR-Cas platform for precision antimicrobials, closed a $5m convertible note. 
The round was led by Tencent Holdings Limited, a Chinese Internet services provider, with participation from the North Carolina Biotechnology Center.
The company intends to use the funds to advance multiple infectious disease product programs targeting antibiotic resistant infections and other microbiome-related diseases.
Founded by Dr. Rodolphe Barrangou and Dr. Charles Gersbach, Locus designs and creates novel CRISPR RNAs (guide RNAs) that direct the Cas3 nuclease to target and kill bacteria cells by irreversibly destroying DNA. The irreversible destruction of DNA is the primary differentiator between Cas3 and the more widely known Cas9 enzyme used for gene editing and repair.
The company has exclusive rights to the use of the novel Type I CRISPR-Cas3 platform, a programmable system that destroys DNA efficiently, specifically and beyond repair.
The Locus Biosciences platform enables the design and development of antimicrobials that avoid currently known antibiotic resistance mechanisms while leaving non-target bacteria unharmed. Built on prokaryotic technology for prokaryotic targets, the company is advancing its platform to create therapeutics for critical disease areas ranging from resistant bacterial infections to the microbiome.
FinSMEs
10/07/2017
 







We recommend



fundingIcelandStart UpUSAventure capital 
Plain Vanilla Games Raises $22M in Funding

By FinSMEs Published on December 27, 2013 




 

USA 
ObEN Raises $5M in Funding

By FinSMEs Published on July 18, 2017 




USA 
Cyanogen Completes $80M Series C Financing

By FinSMEs Published on March 23, 2015 






Join the discussion Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment. 




 



 Software for Startups. Video Converter from Freemake developer
The Daily Deal Newsletter – Sign Up
Email address: 




 







 



Sign-up now to the Daily Newsletter







































USA | FinSMEs



























Skip to content


FinSMEs




REAL TIME VC & PRIVATE EQUITY DEALS AND NEWS




Search for:





Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin





Navigation



HomeUSA



USA 



 


Node Raises $16.3M in Funding 

Node, a San Francisco, CA-based intelligence platform focused on people and companies, raised $16.3m in funding.






 


FilterEasy Raises $6.9M in Series B Funding 

FilterEasy, a Raleigh, NC-based subscription HVAC air filter service, raised $6.9m in Series B funding.






 


PhysIQ Closes $8M Series B Financing 

PhysIQ, a Chicago, IL-based developer of solutions that leverage artificial intelligence (AI) to empower digital health for ambulatory patient monitoring and clinical trial support, closed an $8m Series B financing.






 


Inceptus Medical Closes $4.5M Series B Funding for Okami Medical 

Inceptus Medical, LLC, an Aliso Viejo, CA-based medical device company incubator, completed a $4.5M Series B financing for Okami Medical Inc.






 


Kezar Life Sciences Secures $50M in Series B Financing 

Kezar Life Sciences, a South San Francisco, Calif.-based clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel small molecule therapeutics targeting the immunoproteasome and the protein secretion pathway, closed a $50m Series B funding.






 


Maven Raises $10.8M in Series A Financing 

Maven, a New York-based digital health company, raised $10.8M in Series A financing.






 


Ibotta Closes C-1 Funding Round 

Ibotta, a Denver, CO-based shopping app, raised a Series C-1 funding round.






 


Tueo Health Closes $1.1m in Seed Funding 

Tueo Health, a San Francisco, CA-based digital health startup, closed $1.1m in seed funding.






 


Sebacia Raises $36M in Equity and Debt Financing 

Sebacia, Inc., a Duluth, Ga.-based clinical and commercial stage dermatology and aesthetics company, completed a $20m Series D financing and a $16m debt facility.






 


Rimilia Raises $25M in Funding 

Rimilia, a Bromsgrove, UK-based intelligent automation company serving finance functions of global enterprises, raised $25m in growth funding.






 


Hinge Health Raises $8M in Series A Funding 

Hinge Health, a San Francisco, CA- and London, UK-based digital health company, raised $8M in Series A funding.






 


Allegro Ophthalmics Secures $10.7m in Funding 

Allegro Ophthalmics LLC, a San Juan Capistrano, Calif.–based biotech company focused on treating vitreoretinal diseases, secured $10.7m in funding.






 


Trilantic North America to Acquire Majority Stake in OrthoLite 

Trilantic North America is to acquire a majority stake in OrthoLite, an Amherst, Massachusetts-based maker of branded open-cell foam insoles and other footwear components.






 


ComForCare Health Care Receives Investment from The Riverside Company 

ComForCare Health Care Holdings, LLC, the Bloomfield Hills, Michigan-based franchisor of ComForCare Home Care and At Your Side Home Care home care agencies, received an investment from The Riverside Company.






 


Ironhack Secures $3M in First Funding 

Ironhack, a coding/web design bootcamp with campuses in Madrid, Barcelona, Paris, and Miami, secured $3m in its first round of funding.









 



 Software for Startups. Video Converter from Freemake developer
The Daily Deal Newsletter – Sign Up
Email address: 




 







 



Sign-up now to the Daily Newsletter





























