
Your access to this site has been limited

Your access to this site has been limited
Your access to this service has been temporarily limited. Please try again in a few minutes. (HTTP response code 503)
Reason: Exceeded the maximum global requests per minute for crawlers or humans.
Important note for site admins: If you are the administrator of this website note that your access has been limited because you broke one of the Wordfence blocking rules.
The reason your access was limited is: "Exceeded the maximum global requests per minute for crawlers or humans.".

If this is a false positive, meaning that your access to your own site has been limited incorrectly, then you
will need to regain access to your site, go to the Wordfence "options" page, go to the section for Rate Limiting Rules and disable the rule that caused you to be blocked. For example,
if you were blocked because it was detected that you are a fake Google crawler, then disable the rule that blocks fake google crawlers. Or if you were blocked because you 
were accessing your site too quickly, then increase the number of accesses allowed per minute.

If you're still having trouble, then simply disable the Wordfence advanced blocking and you will 
still benefit from the other security features that Wordfence provides.


If you are a site administrator and have been accidentally locked out, please enter your email in the box below and click "Send". If the email address you enter belongs to a known site administrator or someone set to receive Wordfence alerts, we will send you an email to help you regain access. Please read this FAQ entry if this does not work.



 



Generated by Wordfence at Wed, 26 Jul 2017 1:40:59 GMT.Your computer's time: .



Christopher B. Lofgren Ph.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 9:41 PM ET
Road and Rail

Company Overview of Schneider National, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Christopher B. Lofgren Ph.D.Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, Schneider National, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships58$1,734,863As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Dr. Christopher B. Lofgren, also known as Chris, Ph.D., also known as Chris has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Schneider National Inc., since August 2, 2002. Dr. Lofgren served as the Chief Operating Officer of Schneider from 2000 to 2002 and served as its Chief Information Officer and Chief Technology Officer. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Schneider Logistics, a subsidiary of Schneider National, from 2000 to 2001, Chief Information Officer ... of Schneider National from 1996 to 2000 and Vice President, Engineering and Systems Development of Schneider National from 1994 to 1996. He served engineering and management roles with Symantec Corporation and Motorola Inc. He has been an Independent Director at CA, Inc. (formerly Computer Associates International Inc.) since November 14, 2005. He has been a Director of Schneider National Inc since August 2, 2002. He serves as a Director of American Transportation Research Institute and U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Lofgren serves on the Advisory Board of the School of Industrial and Systems Engineering at Georgia Institute of Technology and as a Board Member of the Green Bay Chapter of the Boys and Girls Club of America. Mr. Lofgren served as a director of the American Trucking Associations Inc. from 2005 to 2013. Mr. Lofgren serves on the Senior Advisory Board of Junior Achievement of Wisconsin in Brown County. He was inducted into the National Academy of Engineering in 2009.  Dr. Lofgren holds a Bachelor of Science and Master of Science Degrees in Industrial and Management Engineering from Montana State University and a Ph.D in Industrial and System Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
3101 Packerland DriveGreen Bay, Wisconsin 54313United StatesPhone: 920-592-2000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorAmerican Transportation Research Institute2002-PresentChief Executive Officer, President and DirectorSchneider National, Inc.2005-PresentIndependent DirectorCA, Inc.
Education
PhD Georgia Institute of TechnologyMS Montana State UniversityBS Montana State University
Other Affiliations
CA, Inc.Georgia Institute of TechnologyMontana State UniversityAmerican Transportation Research Institute


Annual Compensation
Salary$768,800Total Annual Compensation$768,800
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$861,416All Other Compensation$104,647
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$873,447Total Short Term Compensation$768,800Other Long Term Compensation$966,063Total Calculated Compensation$1,734,863




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationJames B. Gattoni President, CEO & DirectorLandstar System, Inc.$450.0KRobert E. Sanchez Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerRyder System, Inc.$785.2KJames L. Welch Chief Executive Officer and DirectorYRC Worldwide Inc.$850.0KDerek J. Leathers Chief Executive Officer and PresidentWerner Enterprises, Inc.$1.1MDavid P. Yeager Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerHub Group, Inc.$800.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Schneider National, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Christopher Lofgren, Schneider National Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Christopher "Chris" Lofgren

President/CEO,
Schneider National Inc






Career History




President/CEO
Schneider Natl Inc, 8/2002-PRESENT


COO/CIO
Schneider Natl Inc, 2001-8/2002


Chief Information Officer
Schneider Natl Inc, 1996-2001









Website:
www.schneider.com






Corporate Information
Address:

3101 Packerland Drive
Green Bay, WI 54313
United States


Phone:
1-920-592-2000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.schneider.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Montana State University
Master's Degree, Engineering


Montana State University
Bachelor's Degree, Engineering


Georgia Institute of Technology
Doctorate Degree, Engineering


Show More








Memberships



Board Memberships




CA Inc


Board Member, 2/2006-PRESENT




Schneider Natl Inc


Board Member, 2002-PRESENT




Computer Assoc Intl Inc


Board Member, 11/2005-2/2006



Show More





Other Memberships




Wisconsin Boys & Girls Club


Board Member




American Transportation Research Inst


Board Member




US Chamber of Commerce


Board Member




American Trucking Associations


Board Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































CA Christopher B. Lofgren Insider Trades for CA Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































CA Inc.

                  NASDAQ: CA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

CA Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 5:28 p.m.


CA

/quotes/zigman/99641/composite


$
34.75




Change

-0.28
-0.80%

Volume
Volume 292,528
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/99641/composite
Today's close

$
			34.73
		


$
				35.03
			
Change

+0.30
+0.86%





Day low
Day high
$34.68
$35.18










52 week low
52 week high

            $30.01
        

            $36.54
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Christopher B. Lofgren



Dr. Christopher B. Lofgren is Independent Director at CA, Inc. and President & Chief Executive Officer at Schneider National, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at CA, Inc., Boys & Girls Club of Green Bay, American Transportation Research Institute, and Chamber of Commerce of The United States of America.
Dr. Lofgren was previously employed as Chief Executive Officer by Schneider Logistics, Inc., General Manager by Symantec Corp., and Senior Staff Engineer by Motorola, Inc. He also served on the board at American Trucking Associations, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from Montana State University, a graduate degree from Montana State University, and a doctorate degree from the Georgia Institute of Technology.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value








        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Michael P. Gregoire 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Kieran J. McGrath 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Otto  Berkes 
Chief Technology Officer




Mr. Paul  Pronsati 
EVP-Global Operations & Information Technology




Mr. Ayman  Sayed 
Chief Product Officer




Mr. Jacob  Lamm 
Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development




Mr. Claude  Boudrias 
Head-Tax & Trade




Mr. Ken  Martin 
Vice President-sales




Mr. John  Eldh 
Senior Vice President-Global Security Sales




Ms. Lauren Patricia Flaherty 
Chief Marketing Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Adam  Elster 
EVP, Group Executive-Worldwide Sales & Services




Mr. Anthony J. Radesca 
Principal Accounting Officer




Ms. Darlan  Monterisi 
Senior Vice President-Corporate Communications




Ms. Traci T. Tsuchiguchi 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Mr. Brendan M. Peter 
Vice President-Global Government Relations




Ms. Beth  Conway 
Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Michael C. Bisignano 
Secretary & General Counsel




Mr. Arthur Frederic Weinbach 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. Raymond John Bromark 
Independent Director




Mr. Jeffrey G. Katz 
Independent Director




Mr. Jens  Alder 
Independent Director




Dr. Christopher B. Lofgren 
Independent Director




Mr. Rohit  Kapoor 
Independent Director




Mr. Renato M. Zambonini 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard  Sulpizio 
Independent Director




Ms. Kay  Koplovitz 
Independent Director




Ms. Laura Simone Unger 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:41 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:28pGeorge Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





























































Christopher Lofgren | Directors and Boards
























Skip to main content










Login
 Username *
 Password *


GO >
Forgot password?  Not a Subscriber? 

















Search form
Search











Toggle navigation






















 













Dr. Christopher B. LofgrenSchneider National Inc.Green Bay, WIPrior to his current position held numerous senior roles at Schneider, including chief information officer, chief technology officer, and COO. Previously held engineering and management positions with Symantec Corp. and Motorola Inc.2005 Fourth QuarterAdded to: Computer Associates International Inc. - Islandia, NYComputer Associates designs, develops, and markets software products. Revenues are $4 billion.















 















 











Christopher B Lofgren - Kohler, WI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Christopher B Lofgren in Kohler, WI


Christopher B Lofgren

                                                                           Intelius found that Christopher B Lofgren  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Kohler, WI.  We have connected them to
                16 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Chris B Lofgren


Get Report Now

Age

Christopher B Lofgren is in his 50s

Christopher Has Lived In

Kohler, WI
San Rafael, CA
Green Bay, WI

Christopher's Relatives

Tracie Lofgren
Grace Lofgren
Holly Lofgren
Helen Lofgren







Christopher B Lofgren



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
President and Chief Executive Officer at Schneider Electric



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Christopher? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Christopher, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Christopher B Lofgren
Get a Criminal Check on Christopher B Lofgren
Get a Public Record Report on Christopher B Lofgren
Get a People Search Report on Christopher B Lofgren


Christopher B Lofgren's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Christopher B Lofgren has lived as well as Christopher B Lofgren's phone numbers and email addresses.




Christopher B Lofgren Has Lived in 3 States
Wisconsin Address for Christopher B Lofgren


411 R**** C* 

Kohler, WI


Has Lived In

Kohler, WI
San Rafael, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Christopher B Lofgren

(800) ***-**** - Green Bay, WI 
(920) ***-**** - Green Bay, WI 
(985) ***-**** - Green Bay, WI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Christopher B Lofgren

l******c@***.com
l******c@***.com
c**********n@***.com


Get Email Report




Christopher B Lofgren's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Christopher B Lofgren's academic history.  Find out which schools Christopher B Lofgren attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Christopher B Lofgren received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Christopher B Lofgren Has Attended 1 School
Montana State University-bozeman Christopher B Lofgren has a Bs in Industrial and Management Engineering               


Christopher B Lofgren's Professional Information
Information regarding Christopher B Lofgren's professional history.  Find out previous places Christopher B Lofgren has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Christopher B Lofgren Has Worked at 7 Places
Company: Schneider Electric
               Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
Company: Schneider Electric
               Title: Technology Director
Christopher B Lofgren's Experience
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Schneider Electric
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000. The leader in logistics and transportation services.Wherever your freight is moving, you need every load to arrive on time, on budget. Our ability to do that makes Schneider the only name you need to know.With unmatched shipping capacity, and the industry's best people, communication and technology, Schneider has everything you need to get the job done.
Title: Technology Director
               Company: Schneider Electric
Job Details
               The leader in logistics and transportation services.Wherever your freight is moving, you need every load to arrive on time, on budget. Our ability to do that makes Schneider the only name you need to know.With unmatched shipping capacity, and the industry's best people, communication and technology, Schneider has everything you need to get the job done.
Additional Professional Information on Christopher B Lofgren

 See Christopher B Lofgren's LinkedIn Profile



Christopher B Lofgren's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Christopher B Lofgren


Christopher B Lofgren's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Christopher B Lofgren's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Christopher Lofgren
Username Matches

                  ChristopherLofgren
                  LofgrenChristopher
                  Christopher.Lofgren
                  Lofgren.Christopher
                  Christopher_Lofgren
                  Lofgren_Christopher
                  Christopher-Lofgren
                  Lofgren-Christopher
                  CLofgren
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Lofgren







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Christopher B. Lofgren - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Christopher B. Lofgren
Board Member at CA, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Christopher B. Lofgren? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Christopher B. Lofgren's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Christopher B. Lofgren's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Christopher B. Lofgren's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Christopher B. Lofgren through your network of contacts.
												








Christopher B. Lofgren's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
CA, Inc.


Past
To view Christopher B. Lofgren's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
58

 
 


Christopher B. Lofgren's Biography



Business Experience 
Mr. Lofgren has been President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Schneider National, Inc. ("Schneider National"), a provider of transportation and logistics services, since 2002. He served as Chief Operating Officer of Schneider National from 2001 to 2002, Chief Executive Officer of Schneider Logistics, a subsidiary of Schneider National, from 2000 to 2001, Chief Information Officer of Schneider National from 1996 to 2000, and Vice President, Engineering and Systems Development of Schneider National from 1994 to 1996. Prior to joining Schneider National, Mr. Lofgren held several positions at Symantec Corp., a se ...
(Read More)

			Business Experience 
Mr. Lofgren has been President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Schneider National, Inc. ("Schneider National"), a provider of transportation and logistics services, since 2002. He served as Chief Operating Officer of Schneider National from 2001 to 2002, Chief Executive Officer of Schneider Logistics, a subsidiary of Schneider National, from 2000 to 2001, Chief Information Officer of Schneider National from 1996 to 2000, and Vice President, Engineering and Systems Development of Schneider National from 1994 to 1996. Prior to joining Schneider National, Mr. Lofgren held several positions at Symantec Corp., a security, storage and systems management solutions company, including Interim General Manager, Director of Engineering and Senior Engineer Manager. Prior to Symantec, Mr. Lofgren was a Senior Staff Engineer with Motorola, Inc., a telecommunications company. 
Current Directorships 
As stated above, Mr. Lofgren has served, since 2002, as a director of Schneider National. In addition, Mr. Lofgren currently serves on the board of directors of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the American Transportation Research Institute, a research trust affiliated with the American Trucking Associations. 
Previous Directorships 
Mr. Lofgren served as a director of the American Trucking Associations from 2005 to 2013. 
Other Experience 
Mr. Lofgren currently serves on the Senior Advisory Board of Junior Achievement of Wisconsin in Brown County. He was inducted into the National Academy of Engineering in 2009. 
Qualifications 
Mr. Lofgren's qualifications include: extensive executive leadership experience at a large, complex company; extensive technology experience; understanding of regulatory compliance through Schneider National's highly regulated industry; and international business management experience.
		
Source: CA, Inc. on 06/22/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Christopher B. Lofgren's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Christopher B. Lofgren. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Christopher B. Lofgren's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Christopher B. Lofgren's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Christopher B. Lofgren through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Christopher B. Lofgren


















Christopher B. Lofgren's Connections (65)





Sign up now to view Christopher B. Lofgren's 65 connections »









Ajei S. Gopal
Chief Executive Officer and Director, Ansys, Inc.









Rohit Kapoor
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Exlservice Holdings, Inc.









Laura S. Unger
Board Member, CA, Inc.









Nancy E. Cooper
Board Member, Teradata Corporation









Raymond J. Bromark
Board Member, CA, Inc.









Gregory W. Corgan
Former Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations, Open Text Corporation









Jens Alder
Board Member, CA, Inc.









Peter J. Griffiths
Former Executive Vice President and Group Executive, Enterprise Solutions and Technology Group, CA, Inc.









Richard Sulpizio
Board Member, ResMed Inc.









Mark J. Barrenechea
Dir., Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer, Open Text Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
























 




CA Technologies - Statement of Changes of Beneficial Ownership






 







Print
Email
 PDF  WORD  XLS






 CA, INC. (Form: 4, Received: 01/04/2017 16:39:49) 














	FORM 4




	[ ]
	Check this box if no longer subject to Section 16. Form 4 or Form 5 obligations may continue.

	See

	Instruction 1(b).

	        





	UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

	Washington, D.C. 20549







	STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES



	                                                                                  




	OMB APPROVAL



	OMB Number:


	3235-0287



	Estimated average burden

	hours per response...


	0.5





	                      





	Filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 30(h) of the Investment Company Act of 1940



	                      














	1. Name and Address of Reporting Person


	*






	Lofgren Christopher B




	2. Issuer Name

	and

	Ticker or Trading Symbol




	CA, INC.
	[
	CA
	]




	5. Relationship of Reporting Person(s) to Issuer
	(Check all applicable)




	__

	X

	__ Director

	                    

	_____ 10% Owner



	_____ Officer (give title below)

	    

	_____ Other (specify below)












	(Last)

	        

	(First)

	        

	(Middle)





	520 MADISON AVENUE




	3. Date of Earliest Transaction

	(MM/DD/YYYY)






	12/31/2016








	(Street)





	NEW YORK, NY 10022



	(City)

	      

	(State)

	      

	(Zip)





	4. If Amendment, Date Original Filed


	(MM/DD/YYYY)





	 





	6. Individual or Joint/Group Filing


	(Check Applicable Line)




	_

	X

	_ Form filed by One Reporting Person

	___ Form filed by More than One Reporting Person















	Table I - Non-Derivative Securities Acquired, Disposed of, or Beneficially Owned







	1.Title of Security

	(Instr. 3)




	2. Trans. Date




	2A. Deemed Execution Date, if any




	3. Trans. Code

	(Instr. 8)




	4. Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D)

	(Instr. 3, 4 and 5)




	5. Amount of Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s)

	(Instr. 3 and 4)




	6. Ownership Form: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr. 4)




	7. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr. 4)






	Code




	V




	Amount




	(A) or (D)




	Price


















	Table II - Derivative Securities Beneficially Owned (

	e.g.

	, puts, calls, warrants, options, convertible securities)







	1. Title of Derivate Security

	(Instr. 3)




	2. Conversion or Exercise Price of Derivative Security




	3. Trans. Date




	3A. Deemed Execution Date, if any




	4. Trans. Code

	(Instr. 8)




	5. Number of Derivative Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D)

	(Instr. 3, 4 and 5)




	6. Date Exercisable and Expiration Date




	7. Title and Amount of Securities Underlying Derivative Security

	(Instr. 3 and 4)




	8. Price of Derivative Security

	(Instr. 5)




	9. Number of derivative Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s) (Instr. 4)




	10. Ownership Form of Derivative Security: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr. 4)




	11. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr. 4)






	Code




	V




	(A)




	(D)




	Date Exercisable




	Expiration Date




	Title




	Amount or Number of Shares









	Deferred Stock Units

	 


	(1)






	 


	(2)







	12/31/2016

	 




	 





	A

	 





	  







	1809.883


	  




	  




	 


	(1)






	 


	(1)







	Common Stock, $0.10 par value

	 





	1809.883

	 





	$0

	 





	82555.77

	 


	(3)







	D

	 




	 














	Explanation of Responses:








	(


	1) 





	Issued under the 2012 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors and to be settled by issuance of shares of Common Stock either in a lump sum or in installments following termination of service as a director.







	(


	2) 





	Deferred Stock Units are convertible into Common Stock on a one-for-one basis.







	(


	3) 





	Includes Deferred Stock Units having similar terms issued under the Company's prior compensation plans for non-employee directors.













	Reporting Owners








	Reporting Owner Name / Address





	Relationships






	Director




	10% Owner




	Officer




	Other







	Lofgren Christopher B

	520 MADISON AVENUE

	NEW YORK, NY 10022






	X























	Signatures









	/s/ Christopher B. Lofgren by Aaron M. Schleicher as attorney-in-fact








	1/4/2017









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date












	Reminder: Report on a separate line for each class of securities beneficially owned directly or indirectly.








	*






	If the form is filed by more than one reporting person,

	see

	Instruction 4(b)(v).








	**






	Intentional misstatements or omissions of facts constitute Federal Criminal Violations.

	See

	18 U.S.C. 1001 and 15 U.S.C. 78ff(a).






	Note:




	File three copies of this Form, one of which must be manually signed. If space is insufficient,

	see

	Instruction 6 for procedure.






	Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB control number.












 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Prime Music









































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings























































































Prime members stream free. Prime Music features a growing selection of 2 million songs, is always ad-free and on-demand.




Want more music? Unlock tens of millions of songs on Amazon Music Unlimited.  Prime members save 20%





            Try Prime
          




Prime members stream free. Prime Music features a growing selection of 2 million songs, is always ad-free and on-demand.




Want more music? Unlock tens of millions of songs on Amazon Music Unlimited.  Prime members save 20%





            Try Prime
          




Prime members stream free. Prime Music features a growing selection of 2 million songs, is always ad-free and on-demand.




Want more music? Unlock tens of millions of songs on Amazon Music Unlimited.  Prime members save 20%





            Try Prime
          
















Curated playlists and personalized stations




Just start listening. Choose from playlists curated by our music experts, or personalized stations to fit every moment.




Curated playlists and personalized stations




Just start listening. Choose from playlists curated by our music experts, or personalized stations to fit every moment.




Curated playlists and personalized stations




Just start listening. Choose from playlists curated by our music experts, or personalized stations to fit every moment.
















Music anytime, anywhere




Listen ad-free and on-demand with unlimited skips and offline playback.




Music anytime, anywhere




Listen ad-free and on-demand with unlimited skips and offline playback.




Music anytime, anywhere




Listen ad-free and on-demand with unlimited skips and offline playback.
















Alexa, play Prime Music




Prime members can stream music on their Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, or Amazon Tap. Just ask.




Alexa, play Prime Music




Prime members can stream music on their Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, or Amazon Tap. Just ask.




Alexa, play Prime Music




Prime members can stream music on their Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, or Amazon Tap. Just ask.
















Two million songs and so much more




With a Prime membership, you can also enjoy Free Two-Day Shipping, streaming movies and TV shows, and more.




Two million songs and so much more




With a Prime membership, you can also enjoy Free Two-Day Shipping, streaming movies and TV shows, and more.




Two million songs and so much more




With a Prime membership, you can also enjoy Free Two-Day Shipping, streaming movies and TV shows, and more.
















Amazon Music Apps




Listen to Prime Music on all of your favorite devices.




See all supported devices




Amazon Music Apps




Listen to Prime Music on all of your favorite devices.




See all supported devices




Amazon Music Apps




Listen to Prime Music on all of your favorite devices.




See all supported devices
















Unlock more music with Amazon Music Unlimited




With Amazon Music Unlimited, unlock tens of millions of songs and weekly new releases - exclusive Prime pricing.




Learn More about Unlimited




Unlock more music with Amazon Music Unlimited




With Amazon Music Unlimited, unlock tens of millions of songs and weekly new releases - exclusive Prime pricing.




Learn More about Unlimited




Unlock more music with Amazon Music Unlimited




With Amazon Music Unlimited, unlock tens of millions of songs and weekly new releases - exclusive Prime pricing.




Learn More about Unlimited
















Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Try Prime
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Try Prime
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Try Prime
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







