

Kevin E. Lofton, FACHE Denver, Colorado (CO) - Catholic Health Initiatives


















































Follow Us
     
     
     
     


Contact Us







Go




































Home


Media


Media Kit


National Leadership


Leadership Bios


						Kevin E. Lofton, FACHE
					






Media


Media
Search CHI News
News Releases

News Releases Archives


Media Kit

National Leadership

Leadership Bios

Kevin E. Lofton, FACHE
J. Dean Swindle
Thomas R. Kopfensteiner, STD
Mitch H. Melfi, Esq.
Kathleen D. Sanford, DBA, RN, CENP, FACHE
Patricia G. Webb, FACHE


Board of Stewardship Trustees
Participating Congregations


CHI History
Locations
Sponsorship


Publications

Annual Reports

Annual Reports by Year


Community Benefit
Initiatives Online
Sacred Stories

Sacred Stories Archive


Sacred Stories on Demand
Spirit Magazine

Spirit Magazine Archive








		Media 

 Media Search CHI News News Releases Media Kit Publications












Kevin E. Lofton, FACHE

Chief Executive Officer

Kevin E. Lofton has been Chief Executive Officer of Catholic Health Initiatives since 2003. He previously held several executive positions with CHI, including Chief Operating Officer.
Mr. Lofton is widely recognized at the national level and serves in leadership capacities in many of the major health care organizations. Active with the American Hospital Association (AHA), Mr. Lofton served as the 2007 Chairman of the AHA Board of Directors, and served as Chairman of the Equity of Care Committee and currently chairs the AHAPAC Steering Committee. He is a Fellow and former Regent at Large in the American College of Healthcare Executives (ACHE). Mr. Lofton also served as President of the National Association of Health Services Executives (NAHSE).
A long-time health care executive, Mr. Lofton’s background includes top positions in public, university, community and faith-based hospitals. Prior to CHI, Mr. Lofton served as Chief Executive Officer of the UAB Hospital. In previous positions, Mr. Lofton served as Chief Executive Officer of Howard University Hospital, Washington, D.C., and Chief Operating Officer of what is now Shands Hospital, Jacksonville, Florida.
Mr. Lofton currently sits on the UAB School of Medicine Board of Visitors. He is a former member of the board of the Morehouse School of Medicine in Atlanta. His background in top leadership positions in so many diverse organizations provides a unique perspective on the problems and challenges facing the nation’s health care system.
In recognition of his outstanding leadership, innovation, and management accomplishments, Mr. Lofton was ranked 11 times in the Modern Healthcare magazine’s “100 Most Influential People in Healthcare” list.  Mr. Lofton was named the 2006 National Diversity Healthcare Leader of the Year by the National Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and included in the 2007 Ebony Magazine “150 Most Influential Blacks in America.” Among his many awards, he received an Honorary Doctor of Humanities Degree from the Baylor College of Medicine (2016), Gold Medal Award from ACHE (2015) and the Richard Clarke Board of Directors Award from HFMA (2014).
Mr. Lofton received a master of health administration degree from Georgia State University in Atlanta and a Bachelor of Science degree in management from Boston University.
 


CHI Breaking News



Mercy College Receives $84,000 DASH Emergency Grant




Mercy Medical Center, Kindred Healthcare Break Ground on Iowa’s First Freestanding Rehabilitation...




Transplant Center at Jewish Hospital Selected for National Study


Search More News





































Careers with CHI

Job Search
Physician Opportunities
Benefits
Why Join CHI
Frequently Asked Questions



Exceptional Person-Centered Care

OneCare
SafetyFirst
National Clinical Service Lines
Evidence-Based Practices
Virtual Health Services
CHI Institute for Research and Innovation
Cancer Services



Media

News
Media Kit
News Releases
Publications



Living Our Mission

Advocacy
CHI Foundation
Mission and Ministry Fund
Financial Assistance Policy



About CHI

Locations
Mission and Values
Core Values
Strategic Plan
National Leadership
Sponsorship
Clinical Engineering
Corporate Responsibility
Financial Information
Financial Assistance Policy
For Vendors & Suppliers
CHI History













Terms and Conditions
Website Privacy Policy
Systemwide Mobile App Agreement
Notice of Patient Privacy Policies
Contact Us









© 2017 Catholic Health Initiatives 198 Inverness Drive West, Englewood, CO 80112 (303) 298-9100



     
     
     
     















 




Kevin E. Lofton of Catholic Health Initiatives: Designate a Devil’s Advocate - The New York Times







































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Business Day|Kevin E. Lofton of Catholic Health Initiatives: Designate a Devil’s Advocate







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/1T5wCGt








Advertisement








Supported by



Business Day

Kevin E. Lofton of Catholic Health Initiatives: Designate a Devil’s Advocate



Corner Office 
By                     
 ADAM BRYANT
 
AUG. 8, 2015




Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo







Credit
            Hilary Swift/The New York Times        



This interview with Kevin E. Lofton, chief executive of Catholic Health Initiatives, was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant.Q. Were you in leadership roles when you were younger?A. A lot of what I learned from an early age was around influence. I was involved in a lot of things. I ran track in high school, and I also played piano and competitive chess. I think people generally always looked at me as a leader, and I felt like I was having influence. People wanted to know what I had to say.I didn’t have a lot of formal leadership positions, though I was class vice president in my sophomore year of high school, during the same year that Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor was the class president.Tell me about your parents.My father was an electrician. He worked two jobs when we were young. My mom was a dental assistant during most of my years growing up. She later went back to school and became a dental hygienist. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





My grandmother in Texas was a big influence on us, too. She was a domestic, but she was a fighter. Needless to say, it was segregated down in Texas at the time, and the street my grandparents lived on when I was little still had ditches. My grandmother led the civic effort to get the streets paved.Another influential person was the dentist my mother worked for. He treated us like we were his children, and a lot of the exposure that I got to things at an early age came through his influence. His wife, for instance, was a bass cellist in the symphony orchestra, and we would go to concerts at Lincoln Center. He actually paid for me to go to the music school that his children were in. We played in Carnegie Hall and New York World’s Fair.What was your first management role?My first hospital job was as an emergency department administrator in Jacksonville, Fla. At the time, it was the seventh-busiest emergency department in the country. I was probably 24 and straight out of grad school. I had a staff of about 250 people.That’s a big jump. How did you handle it?I realized that a big part of my job was to help people see the ultimate value of the job they do. It was also about looking at what needed to be done and not accepting any excuses. This was a county hospital, the kind of place where sometimes people accept mediocrity. I moved up rapidly because I didn’t accept that, and I got things done.At the end of the day, people really want to do the right thing. I saw my job as removing barriers and then celebrating successes. I also brought people into the process. When you bring staff into a meeting and you talk to them about the things we can do to improve, and then you actually act on their ideas and they see that their input made a difference, people will follow you.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




You also have to be able to relate to people, and not look down on them or talk down to them. I may have a title, but that’s not the reason that we need to do this. We’re here to do A, B and C. Here’s the way you can help with that. What suggestions do you have to make it better? Those are the secrets to success.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Were you ever nervous about all that responsibility at such a young age?An early mentor of mine said something to me when I was going to a new job: “Don’t worry. It’s just another dog and pony show.” That really stayed with me. When you’re taking on another new challenge, you just take a couple of deep breaths and say, “You can do this. It’s just another dog and pony show.”What’s unusual about the culture of your current company?In our senior management meetings, we appoint a designated devil’s advocate, as we call it. So if we’re discussing a critical issue, we’ll appoint someone — and the role rotates — to be the devil’s advocate, no matter what their personal point of view is. That helps you avoid groupthink.How do you hire?I start with the “why” — why are you here, why would this role fit into your career path, and why are you interested in coming to our organization? I then focus on the “what” — what are the things that you’ve done that relate to what you might do here, and what are your ideas for how you can help us?And then I move to the “how,” and that’s where character comes in. How do you do business? Somebody might be a cardiovascular surgeon who is going to put a lot of money on our bottom line, but if they yell at nurses in the operating room, then we don’t want them.What kind of advice do you give to new college grads?I give a lot of talks to students, and I usually close the sessions with this advice: They should take a blank sheet of paper and an envelope, write down a goal of something that they want to do over the coming year, then seal it. Nobody’s ever going to see this except you, I tell them — it’s not for your teachers; it’s not for your parents; it’s just for yourself.Then a year later, you take it out and grade yourself on whether you worked toward that goal, and then you set a new goal for the next year. It’s really just to get them in the habit of looking at the things they need to work on, setting a personal goal and then seeing how they’ve done against that goal. I still do this myself every year.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.




















Corner Office
Conversations with Adam Bryant about leadership and management.









                                Lyft’s John Zimmer on Empowering Others to Help Them Grow            
JUL 21








                                Erika Nardini on the Value of Leading ‘10 Percent’ Players            
JUL 14








                                Don Mal on the Relentless Pursuit of Making Your Numbers            
JUL 7








                                Lt. Gen. Nadja Y. West on the Power of Empathy            
JUN 30








                                Joe Andrew on Building a Culture to Encourage Creativity            
JUN 23












What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times


























	Kevin E. Lofton Joins Gilead Sciences' Board of Directors | Gilead
































			        Press Releases
		        





Home

                /

News

                /

Press Releases

                /

                Kevin E. Lofton Joins Gilead Sciences' Board of Directors
            
















The information in this section is intended for visitors outside the United States.
Continue




News Search


Financial Releases


Corporate Releases


Product Releases







Kevin E. Lofton Joins Gilead Sciences' Board of Directors

PDF Download



 FOSTER CITY, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul. 29, 2009--
      Gilead Sciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: GILD) announced today that Kevin E.
      Lofton has been appointed to the company’s Board of Directors, bringing
      the number of Directors to 12.
    

      Mr. Lofton is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of
      Catholic Health Initiatives, a Denver-based healthcare system operating
      the full continuum of services from hospitals to home health agencies
      throughout the nation. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer
      of two university hospitals, the University of Alabama at Birmingham
      Hospital and Howard University Hospital in Washington, D.C. In 2007, Mr.
      Lofton served as Chairman of the Board of the American Hospital
      Association, the nation’s largest hospital trade association. Mr. Lofton
      currently serves on the Board of Directors of the Morehouse School of
      Medicine, Atlanta, and the Georgia State University J. Mack Robinson
      College of Business, also in Atlanta.
    

      “We are very pleased to welcome Kevin Lofton to Gilead’s Board of
      Directors,” said John Martin, PhD, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
      Gilead Sciences. “In Kevin’s many years leading hospital and healthcare
      systems, he has demonstrated a commitment to ensuring that patients have
      access to medical services. His broad expertise and knowledge in real
      world hospital administration and patient care will be invaluable in
      helping Gilead to deliver innovative therapeutics to individuals with
      life-threatening diseases.”
    

About Gilead Sciences


Gilead Sciences is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops
      and commercializes innovative therapeutics in areas of unmet medical
      need. The company’s mission is to advance the care of patients suffering
      from life-threatening diseases worldwide. Headquartered in Foster City,
      California, Gilead has operations in North America, Europe and Australia.
    

For more information on Gilead Sciences, please visit the company's
      website at www.gilead.com
      or call Gilead Public Affairs at 1-800-GILEAD-5 or 1-650-574-3000.




Source: Gilead Sciences, Inc.

      Gilead Sciences, Inc.Susan Hubbard, 650-522-5715 (Investors)Amy
      Flood, 650-522-5643 (Media)
    















































Kevin E. Lofton - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Kevin E. Lofton
Board Member at Gilead Sciences Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Kevin E. Lofton? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kevin E. Lofton's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kevin E. Lofton's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kevin E. Lofton's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kevin E. Lofton through your network of contacts.
												








Kevin E. Lofton's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Rite Aid Corporation


Board Member, 
Gilead Sciences Inc.


Past
To view Kevin E. Lofton's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 M.B.A., 
															Georgia State University


														 B.S., 
															Boston University


Age
62

 
 


Kevin E. Lofton's Biography



Mr. Lofton has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Catholic Health Initiatives ("CHI"), a healthcare system operating the full continuum of services from hospitals to home health agencies nationwide since 2003 and as President and CEO of CHI from 2003 through January 2014. Mr. Lofton previously served as Chief Executive Officer of the University of Alabama at Birmingham Hospital and Howard University Hospital in Washington, D.C. Mr. Lofton is also a director and member of the audit and compensation committees of Gilead Sciences, Inc. 
Mr. Lofton brings to the Board an in-depth knowledge and understanding of the healthcare industry and v ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Lofton has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Catholic Health Initiatives ("CHI"), a healthcare system operating the full continuum of services from hospitals to home health agencies nationwide since 2003 and as President and CEO of CHI from 2003 through January 2014. Mr. Lofton previously served as Chief Executive Officer of the University of Alabama at Birmingham Hospital and Howard University Hospital in Washington, D.C. Mr. Lofton is also a director and member of the audit and compensation committees of Gilead Sciences, Inc. 
Mr. Lofton brings to the Board an in-depth knowledge and understanding of the healthcare industry and valuable executive leadership skills from senior management and leadership roles in healthcare systems and hospitals.
		
Source: Rite Aid Corporation on 03/27/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kevin E. Lofton's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Kevin E. Lofton. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kevin E. Lofton's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kevin E. Lofton's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kevin E. Lofton through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Kevin E. Lofton


















Kevin E. Lofton's Connections (131)





Sign up now to view Kevin E. Lofton's 131 connections »









Anthony Welters
Board Member, C. R. Bard, Inc.









Robin L. Washington
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gilead Sciences Inc.









John E. Maupin
Board Member, HealthSouth Corporation









Joseph B. Anderson
Board Member, Rite Aid Corporation









Marcy Syms
Board Member, Rite Aid Corporation









Per Wold-Olsen
Former President, Human Health Intercontinental, Merck & Co (Old)









George P. Shultz
Former Board Member, Gilead Sciences Inc.









Kenneth A. Martindale
President and Chief Executive Officer, Rite Aid Stores, Rite Aid Corporation









Louis G. Lange
Board Member, Audentes Therapeutics, Inc.









Nicholas G. Moore
Board Member, Gilead Sciences Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


























 









Kevin Loftin Riverfront Park - Construction Project in Gaston North Carolina


































































Contact Us  
                |





                                    No Items in Cart  
                








My Account
Pricing
Dodge Global Network
DocuPro Mobile
Why Dodge






                    Put Dodge to work for you. Call:























    		Searching and viewing Dodge Reports is FREE at the Dodge
    		Lead Center. Sign In to view more projects or Register Now.













          Search Bidding Projects:
        



Select a State

Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Québec
Saskatchewan
Yukon Territory







          Include:
        


All Project Types
Residential
Commercial
Transportation
Industrial
Education
Recreation
Public Buildings
Medical
Laboratories
Hotels & Motels
Dormitories
Federal Facilities
Animal/Plant/Fish Facilities
Communications Buildings
Religious & Funeral
Utilities
Engineering






Search Tips


Search Tip
              Search the Dodge Lead Center for projects that are Bidding Now! Speak to an Expert to learn more about all of the projects available at Dodge.



















































Get your information in Dodge
Make sure Dodge has your correct information listed on all the projects you are bidding. Click Here to be added or deleted from the bidders list on any of our reports






Need Help? Contact Customer Support


                    Call now: 1-877-903-1909 
                    Email: eSupport@construction.com
                    Visit the Help Center for Assistance




















Track This Project

Project tracking is available only to subscribers.
                                                            Join Now














                            Kevin Loftin Riverfront Park
            





Valuation:
            
                                                            $2,304,198


Owner Type:
                                    Public 



                Bid Ends:
                                                                                                Jun 26, 2015




Location:
                                     NC (Gaston)   
                            
Report #:
                
                                     201500525677 v. 10                               











Description:
                                                                    
                            







Documents in this Project












The full project report includes up to 131 fields of additional information, including:




Bidders List
Searchable Specs
Structural Information
Key Bid Contacts
Plans
Project Updates








                    What does the full Dodge Report include? 
Dodge Report    
                                                                Dodge BidPro Report









 








Dodge Report
 Immediate Access  



 Dodge Global Network
Monthly Prepaid 



Dodge Select 
Monthly 








$59 Per Report
 
Regions Starting at



$79.20 / Month



Prepaid
 
20 Views for $99/Month for each Region 

 











                View Plans & Pricing Details
            













*** Note - The Dodge Lead Center provides a targeted selection of timely Bidding projects from the Dodge database. The search results do not represent the breadth of Dodge data and therefore should not be used for comparison purposes. For more information, please consult a Dodge Expert. 











Terms of Use |
            Privacy Policy |
            About Us |
            Customer Care |
            Schedule A Demo |
            FAQ



Dodge Solutions for Contractors |
                Dodge Solutions for Building Product Manufacturers 
 ©  Dodge Data & Analytics
            




ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES

 
 









webtrendsRequestDescriptor



Name
Value



"WT.ti"
"mhc|dg|Shop : View Product : Kevin Loftin Riverfront Park"


"WT.cg_n"
"mhc_dg|dodge store"


"WT.cg_s"
"project view"


"WT.si_n"
"mhc_dg_shopping_dodge"


"WT.si_x"
"1"


"WT.pn_sku"
"NC"


"WT.pn_sc"
"20511"


"WT.tx_u"
"1"


"WT.tx_e"
"v"


"WT.seg_1"
"anonymous"


"WT.dcsaut"
""


"WT.dcsvid"
""


"debug.event"
"prodView"


"debug.productId"
"165998484"


"debug.categoryId"
"545008"






















Tagged for Eloqua

















Lofton Kevin E Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Lofton Kevin E
                    

•   FOSTER CITY, CA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Lofton Kevin E is based out of Foster City.    WhaleWisdom has at least 5 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Lofton Kevin E. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Lofton Kevin E, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




lofton kevin e


GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.

FOSTER CITY
CA
                                                        
                                                    94404


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      6505743000
SEC SIC CODE:2836-BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS, (NO DISGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES)







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 07/05/2017
4 filed on 07/03/2017
4 filed on 05/12/2017
4 filed on 05/11/2017
4 filed on 04/03/2017
4 filed on 01/03/2017
4 filed on 10/03/2016
4 filed on 08/25/2016
4 filed on 07/01/2016
4 filed on 06/24/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















