
Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://money.usnews.com/financial-advisors/firm/longboard-capital-advisors-llc-134550" on this server.
Reference #18.5f370760.1501035002.6b4b5d5




Longboard Capital Advisors, LLC | Wealthminder











































Longboard Capital Advisors, LLC


Longboard Capital Advisors, LLC
(CRD# 134550) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
, .
They
manage $68,239,604 in 3 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Longboard Capital Advisors, LLC



http://www.longboardcapital.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

68
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

3
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$22,746,535







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA






Financial Advisors at Longboard Capital Advisors, LLC




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Brett Conrad



CRD#:
5036429



Beverly Hills,
CA





93

Wealthminder
score








Brett Conrad (CRD# 5036429) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Longboard Capital Advisors, LLC in Beverly Hills, CA and has 
over 11 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Roger J. Yang



CRD#:
4703280



Beverly Hills,
CA





93

Wealthminder
score








Roger Yang (CRD# 4703280) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Longboard Capital Advisors, LLC in Beverly Hills, CA and has 
over 13 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now

















Resonant Announces $7.5 Million Private Placement by Longboard Capital AdvisorsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,477.13+7.22 (+0.29%)Dow 3021,613.43+100.26 (+0.47%)Nasdaq6,412.17+1.37 (+0.02%)Resonant Announces $7.5 Million Private Placement by Longboard Capital AdvisorsBusiness WireFebruary 21, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareGOLETA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Resonant Inc. (RESN), a designer of filters for radio frequency, or RF, front-ends that specializes in delivering designs for difficult bands and complex requirements, today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement with an affiliate of Longboard Capital Advisors, LLC, an existing stockholder of Resonant, to raise gross proceeds of $7.5 million in a private placement of units at a per-unit price of $4.61, which was the average closing price of Resonant’s common stock for the ten trading days ending February 16th (the Offering). Longboard and its affiliates led Resonant’s financing in September 2016. They also provided early stage funding to Resonant and have been valued long-term investors.Each unit consists of one share of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock), and one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $8.25 per share. The warrant is exercisable for a period commencing six months and ending 2.5 years from the date of the closing of the Offering. Resonant anticipates using the net proceeds from the fund raising to continue its product development efforts and business development activities, and for general and administrative purposes.“Resonant continues to execute on an aggressive pace to deliver on the power of its ISN platform and capitalize on the strength of its intellectual property and team,” said George B. Holmes, CEO of Resonant. “It’s through investor confidence from firms like Longboard that we have been able to focus on customer acquisition, socket expansion and delivering solutions with increasing complexity to our customers.”“This new investment from Longboard, together with the company’s ongoing efforts to commercialize its products and technology as shown by our recently announced one million unit shipment milestone, positions Resonant with a secure financial path as we execute towards generating recurring royalty revenue,” continued Holmes. “We believe we will be able to capitalize on these opportunities to expand our company and accelerate the pace of license conversion to royalty revenue.”The Offering is expected to close on or prior to February 22, 2017, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The warrants will not be separately listed for trading. Details of the Offering will be included in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed shortly after closing.Resonant will be required to file a resale registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 15, 2017 that covers the resale by the purchaser of the shares of Common Stock, and the shares of Common Stock underlying the warrants, purchased in the Offering.The securities offered in the Offering have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 or applicable securities laws of any state or jurisdiction. Accordingly, the securities may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and such applicable securities laws of any state or jurisdiction. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities, nor shall there be any sale of the securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction.About Resonant Inc.Resonant is creating software tools and IP & licensable blocks that enable the development of innovative filter designs for the RF front-end, or RFFE, for the mobile device industry. The RFFE is the circuitry in a mobile device responsible for the radio frequency signal processing and is located between the device’s antenna and its digital baseband. Filters are a critical component of the RFFE that selects the desired radio frequency signals and rejects unwanted signals and noise. For more information, please visit www.resonant.com.About Resonant’s ISN® TechnologyResonant can create designs for hard bands and complex requirements that we believe have the potential to be manufactured for half the cost and developed in half the time of traditional approaches. The Company’s large suite of proprietary mathematical methods, software design tools and network synthesis techniques enable it to explore a much bigger set of possible solutions and quickly derive the better ones. These improved filters still use existing manufacturing methods (i.e. SAW) and can perform as well as those using higher cost methods (i.e. BAW). While most of the industry designs surface acoustic wave filters using a coupling-of-modes model, Resonant uses circuit models and physical models. Circuit models are computationally much faster, and physical models are highly accurate models based entirely on fundamental material properties and dimensions. Resonant’s method delivers excellent predictability, enabling achievement of the desired product performance in roughly half as many turns through the fab. In addition, because Resonant’s models are fundamental, integration with its foundry and fab customers is eased because its models speak the “fab language” of basic material properties and dimensions.Read MoreSafe Harbor/ Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements, which include the following subjects, among others: the expected closing of the private placement and the intended use of proceeds from the offering, the status of filter designs under development, the capabilities of our filter designs, and, the timing and amount of future royalty streams. Forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this document and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the following: the satisfaction of the conditions to closing of the offering; risks associated with the cash requirements of our business; our limited operating history; our ability to complete designs that meet customer specifications; the ability of our customers (or their manufacturers) to fabricate our designs in commercial quantities; the ability of our designs to significantly lower costs compared to other designs and solutions; the risk that the intense competition and rapid technological change in our industry renders our designs less useful or obsolete; our ability to find, recruit and retain the highly skilled personnel required for our design process in sufficient numbers to support our growth; our ability to manage growth; and general market, economic and business conditions. Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by our forward-looking statements are under the captions “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) or Quarterly Report (Form 10-Q) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this release, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170221005684/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextSelena Gomez dazzles in design by one of Kate Middleton’s go-to designershola.comA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredChina's army looks like it's getting ready for something big to go down in North KoreaBusiness InsiderConservative media outlets are sending Trump a big warning on Jeff Sessions — and Trump is paying attentionBusiness InsiderHere's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderStart Earning Miles With The Best Travel CardWise BreadSponsoredEconomists answer, are we at full employment?Yahoo Finance VideoFacebook earnings, Fed announcement — What you need to know in markets on WednesdayYahoo FinanceState Department says Secretary Tillerson is 'taking a little time off' amid tensions in the White HouseBusiness InsiderWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredA conspiracy theory about Chipotle is gaining steamBusiness InsiderDonald Trump thinks Jeff Bezos is his biggest threatYahoo FinanceFormer Obama official weighs in on Trump's plan to bring back manufacturing jobsYahoo Finance VideoLife In N. Korea Is Not What You Would Think It IsKiwi ReportSponsoredWhy everybody should be happy that Flash is finally dyingYahoo FinanceUS Navy releases video showing close call and machine-gun firing near an Iranian patrol boatBusiness InsiderSenate GOP moves forward on health care bill in dramatic procedural voteJeff G: I am so glad it is more about winning than actually helping.  Hopefully this will end quite a few of the senators careers.  They aren't listening to us, the people who elected them, so why should they get to return after the next round of elections.  WE NEED TO HOLD PEOPLE ACCOUNTABLEJoin the Conversation1 / 52.9k



















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 











Resonant Announces $7.5 Million Private Placement By Longboard Capital Advisors - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Resonant Announces $7.5 Million Private Placement By Longboard Capital Advisors






Business Wire




Feb 21, 2017 8:30 AM EST













 


















































  Resonant Inc. (NASDAQ: RESN), a designer of filters for radio frequency, or RF, front-ends that specializes in delivering designs for difficult bands and complex requirements, today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement with an affiliate of Longboard Capital Advisors, LLC, an existing stockholder of Resonant, to raise gross proceeds of $7.5 million in a private placement of units at a per-unit price of $4.61, which was the average closing price of Resonant's common stock for the ten trading days ending February 16 th (the Offering). Longboard and its affiliates led Resonant's financing in September 2016. They also provided early stage funding to Resonant and have been valued long-term investors.  Each unit consists of one share of the Company's common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock), and one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $8.25 per share. The warrant is exercisable for a period commencing six months and ending 2.5 years from the date of the closing of the Offering. Resonant anticipates using the net proceeds from the fund raising to continue its product development efforts and business development activities, and for general and administrative purposes.  "Resonant continues to execute on an aggressive pace to deliver on the power of its ISN platform and capitalize on the strength of its intellectual property and team," said George B. Holmes, CEO of Resonant. "It's through investor confidence from firms like Longboard that we have been able to focus on customer acquisition, socket expansion and delivering solutions with increasing complexity to our customers."  "This new investment from Longboard, together with the company's ongoing efforts to commercialize its products and technology as shown by our recently announced one million unit shipment milestone, positions Resonant with a secure financial path as we execute towards generating recurring royalty revenue," continued Holmes. "We believe we will be able to capitalize on these opportunities to expand our company and accelerate the pace of license conversion to royalty revenue."  



 








 































































 











Trending


AMD's Strong Guidance Points to Share Gains and More Could Be On the Way


Apple Moving Closer to Selling an American Made $1,000 iPhone, Trump Hints


No Good Stock Left Behind: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Tuesday 7/25/17)


Advanced Micro Devices Could Explode Another 17% Within Hours: Chart


Facebook's Q2 Results Should Make Snap CEO Evan Spiegel Wish He Had Accepted a $3B Buyout Offer











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












 







Resonant Announces $7.5 Million Private Placement by Longboard Capital Advisors :: Resonant Inc. (RESN)












 



























	Investors
 



Resonant Announces $7.5 Million Private Placement by Longboard Capital Advisors



 Download as PDF

February 21, 2017


Continued Execution and Retirement of Risk Boosts Confidence of
      Existing Investor

    GOLETA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      Resonant Inc. (NASDAQ: RESN), a designer of filters for radio frequency,
      or RF, front-ends that specializes in delivering designs for difficult
      bands and complex requirements, today announced it has entered into a
      definitive agreement with an affiliate of Longboard Capital Advisors,
      LLC, an existing stockholder of Resonant, to raise gross proceeds of
      $7.5 million in a private placement of units at a per-unit price of
      $4.61, which was the average closing price of Resonant’s common stock
      for the ten trading days ending February 16th (the Offering).
      Longboard and its affiliates led Resonant’s financing in September 2016.
      They also provided early stage funding to Resonant and have been valued
      long-term investors.
    

      Each unit consists of one share of the Company’s common stock, par value
      $0.001 per share (Common Stock), and one warrant to purchase one share
      of Common Stock at an exercise price of $8.25 per share. The warrant is
      exercisable for a period commencing six months and ending 2.5 years from
      the date of the closing of the Offering. Resonant anticipates using the
      net proceeds from the fund raising to continue its product development
      efforts and business development activities, and for general and
      administrative purposes.
    

      “Resonant continues to execute on an aggressive pace to deliver on the
      power of its ISN platform and capitalize on the strength of its
      intellectual property and team,” said George B. Holmes, CEO of Resonant.
      “It’s through investor confidence from firms like Longboard that we have
      been able to focus on customer acquisition, socket expansion and
      delivering solutions with increasing complexity to our customers.”
    

      “This new investment from Longboard, together with the company’s ongoing
      efforts to commercialize its products and technology as shown by our
      recently announced one million unit shipment milestone, positions
      Resonant with a secure financial path as we execute towards generating
      recurring royalty revenue,” continued Holmes. “We believe we will be
      able to capitalize on these opportunities to expand our company and
      accelerate the pace of license conversion to royalty revenue.”
    

      The Offering is expected to close on or prior to February 22, 2017,
      subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The warrants
      will not be separately listed for trading. Details of the Offering will
      be included in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed shortly after closing.
    

      Resonant will be required to file a resale registration statement with
      the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 15, 2017 that
      covers the resale by the purchaser of the shares of Common Stock, and
      the shares of Common Stock underlying the warrants, purchased in the
      Offering.
    

      The securities offered in the Offering have not been registered under
      the Securities Act of 1933 or applicable securities laws of any state or
      jurisdiction. Accordingly, the securities may not be offered or sold in
      the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement
      or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the
      Securities Act and such applicable securities laws of any state or
      jurisdiction. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or
      the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities, nor shall there be
      any sale of the securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
      offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration
      or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction.
    

About Resonant Inc.


      Resonant is creating software tools and IP & licensable blocks that
      enable the development of innovative filter designs for the RF
      front-end, or RFFE, for the mobile device industry. The RFFE is the
      circuitry in a mobile device responsible for the radio frequency signal
      processing and is located between the device’s antenna and its digital
      baseband. Filters are a critical component of the RFFE that selects the
      desired radio frequency signals and rejects unwanted signals and noise.
      For more information, please visit www.resonant.com.
    

About Resonant’s ISN® Technology


      Resonant can create designs for hard bands and complex requirements that
      we believe have the potential to be manufactured for half the cost and
      developed in half the time of traditional approaches. The Company’s
      large suite of proprietary mathematical methods, software design tools
      and network synthesis techniques enable it to explore a much bigger set
      of possible solutions and quickly derive the better ones. These improved
      filters still use existing manufacturing methods (i.e. SAW) and can
      perform as well as those using higher cost methods (i.e. BAW). While
      most of the industry designs surface acoustic wave filters using a
      coupling-of-modes model, Resonant uses circuit models and physical
      models. Circuit models are computationally much faster, and physical
      models are highly accurate models based entirely on fundamental material
      properties and dimensions. Resonant’s method delivers excellent
      predictability, enabling achievement of the desired product performance
      in roughly half as many turns through the fab. In addition, because
      Resonant’s models are fundamental, integration with its foundry and fab
      customers is eased because its models speak the “fab language” of basic
      material properties and dimensions.
    

Safe Harbor/ Forward-Looking Statements


      This press release contains forward-looking statements, which include
      the following subjects, among others: the expected closing of the
      private placement and the intended use of proceeds from the offering, the
      status of filter designs under development, the capabilities of our
      filter designs, and, the timing and amount of future royalty streams.
      Forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this document and
      are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause
      actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking
      statements, including, without limitation, the following: the
      satisfaction of the conditions to closing of the offering; risks
      associated with the cash requirements of our business; our limited
      operating history; our ability to complete designs that meet customer
      specifications; the ability of our customers (or their manufacturers) to
      fabricate our designs in commercial quantities; the ability of our
      designs to significantly lower costs compared to other designs and
      solutions; the risk that the intense competition and rapid technological
      change in our industry renders our designs less useful or obsolete; our
      ability to find, recruit and retain the highly skilled personnel
      required for our design process in sufficient numbers to support our
      growth; our ability to manage growth; and general market, economic and
      business conditions. Additional factors that could cause actual results
      to differ materially from those anticipated by our forward-looking
      statements are under the captions “Risk Factors” and “Management’s
      Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
      Operations” in our most recent Annual Report (Form 10-K) or Quarterly
      Report (Form 10-Q) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
      Forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this release, and
      we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update
      forward-looking statements.
    



View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170221005684/en/

      MZ North AmericaGreg Falesnik1-949-385-6449Greg.Falesnik@mzgroup.us

Source: Resonant Inc.
Released February 21, 2017














 
About Resonant
Software tools, IP and licensable blocks that enable innovative filter designs for the mobile industry. 








 
Technology
Infinite Synthesized Networks 








 
IP Strategy
We own our designs and IP, which we license to our customers. 



















Longboard | Managed Futures Strategy Fund










































































LIQUID ALTERNATIVES





About Us

Team
History


Funds

Managed Futures Strategy
Long/Short Strategy


Invest
Blog
News
Careers

Culture


Contact



Account Login|Advisor Login

Contact



About Us

Team
History


Funds

Managed Futures Strategy
Long/Short Strategy


Invest
Blog
News
Careers

Culture


Contact
 







Market Volatility is the New Normal.
We’re working to make the ride smoother.
> Read More

















Visit Fund Manager
Contact Us
 

© Copyright 2017, Longboard Asset Management

Disclosure


The Longboard Managed Futures Strategy Fund – WAVIX received 4 stars from Morningstar out of 54 Managed Futures funds for the 5-year period ending 6/30/17, based on risk-adjusted returns.
PAST RESULTS ARE NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. THERE IS NO GUARANTEE THAT ANY INVESTMENT WILL ACHIEVE ITS GOALS AND GENERATE PROFITS OR AVOID LOSSES.
Investors should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Longboard Managed Futures Strategy Fund and the Longboard Long/Short Fund. This and other important information about each Fund is contained in their respective prospectus, which can be obtained by calling 855-294-7540. The prospectus should be read carefully before investing. The Longboard Managed Futures Strategy Fund and the Longboard Long/Short Fund are distributed by Northern Lights Distributors, LLC, member FINRA/SIPC.
Morningstar: Morningstar is an independent provider of financial information. Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10%, the next 22.5%, 35%, 22.5%, and bottom 10% receive 5, 4, 3, 2, or 1 star, respectively. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics.
3911-NLD-12/23/2015
FR2013-0117-0429

 













