

	Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Distribution Partnership in the Mid-Atlantic with Swartz & Sons 














































Skip to Main Content
Site Map


Marketwired




Français
Media Partners
About Us
Blog


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Google+





Search





Site




									
										News
									
									













Products





Marketwired Resonate


Marketwired Influencers


News Distribution


IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)


Media Database (Mediahub)





Powered by Sysomos
Request a Demo






Solutions





Public Relations


Investor Relations


Small Business







Newsroom





All News


Headlines Only


Advanced Search


RSS Newsfeeds


Hot Off the Wire


Personal Beat


CASL Compliance







Resources





Brochures


Case Studies


E-Books / Tip Sheets 


Webinars / Videos







Contact Us





Our Locations


Become a Media Partner


Become a Channel Partner


Request More Information


Request a Demo







Sign In


Where would you like to sign in?


My Marketwired Account
Personal Beat
Marketwired Resonate
Hot Off the Wire
News Dashboard 2.0
Mediahub
Register for a Marketwired Account

















News Room






















Print Friendly

                        Share








SOURCE: Long Island Iced Tea Corp.








July 25, 2017 08:00 ET
Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Distribution Partnership in the Mid-Atlantic with Swartz & Sons 



HICKSVILLE, NY--(Marketwired - Jul 25, 2017) -  Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (NASDAQ: LTEA) (the "Company"), a growth-oriented company focused on the non-alcohol ready-to-drink ("NARTD") tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced that it has partnered with Swartz & Sons Distributors, Inc. ("Swartz & Sons") to distribute the Company's portfolio of beverage brands in Virginia, Maryland, Washington D.C., Delaware and Pennsylvania.
Swartz & Sons is an independent beverage distributor based in Brentwood, MD and services over 5,000 accounts across the Mid-Atlantic region. It carries leading brands including Everfresh Juice, LaCroix Sparking Water, Rip It Energy, Xing Green Tea, Boylan Soda, MASH Sparkling Beverages and Crystal Geyser Alpine Spring Water.
Philip Thomas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, commented, "Our new partnership with Swartz & Sons will help further strengthen our presence in the Mid-Atlantic, complementing our recent growth initiatives in the Northeast and Southeast. We are proud to have Swartz & Sons carrying our full portfolio of beverages."
The Company's portfolio of brands available through Swartz & Sons include Long Island Iced Tea® (NARTD tea) and ALO Juice® (NARTD functional beverage).
About Swartz & Sons
Headquartered in Brentwood, MD and established in 1977, Swartz & Sons operates 25 delivery trucks daily and services a current customer base of over 5,000 accounts with a full-time pre-sell staff of 23 account managers and merchandisers and six sales supervisors. In 2016, Swartz & Sons sold over 1.7 million cases of National Beverage products and over 300,000 cases from other suppliers.
About Long Island Iced Tea Corp. 
Headquartered in Long Island, NY, Long Island Iced Tea Corp. operates in the non-alcohol ready-to-drink segment of the beverage industry. The Company's flagship brand 'The Original Long Island Brand Iced Tea®', together with 'The Original Long Island Brand Lemonade™' are marketed as premium beverages made with non-GMO ingredients. The company also imports and markets 'ALO Juice®' a functional Aloe Vera based beverage. The Company's portfolio of premium brands sits within the 'better-for-you' category of the beverage industry, and are offered to consumers at an affordable price, reflecting the Company's mission. Its beverages are sold primarily through a network of regional chains and distributors primarily on the East Coast and the Midwest of the United States, as well as Canada and Latin America. The Company's website is www.longislandicedtea.com.
Forward Looking Statements 
This press release includes statements of the Company's expectations, intentions, plans and beliefs that constitute "forward looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are intended to come within the safe harbor protection provided by those sections. These statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, relate to the discussion of the Company's business strategies and its expectations concerning future operations, margins, sales, new products and brands, potential joint ventures, potential acquisitions, expenses, profitability, liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements include any statement that does not directly relate to a historical or current fact. You can also identify these and other forward-looking statements by the use of such words as "may," "will," "should," "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "thinks," "estimates," "seeks," "predicts," "could," "projects," "potential" and other similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. These forward looking statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting the Company and are subject to uncertainties, risks and factors relating to its operations and business environments, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond its control, that could cause its actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. These risks include its history of losses and expectation of further losses, its ability to expand its operations in both new and existing markets, its ability to develop or acquire new brands, its relationships with distributors, the success of its marketing activities, the effect of competition in its industry and economic and political conditions generally, including the current economic environment and markets. More information about these and other factors are described in the reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the discussions contained under the caption "Risk Factors." When considering these forward looking statements, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this press release and the reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and the Company cannot predict those events or how they may affect it. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward looking statements after the date of this press release as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by the federal securities laws.






Contact Information



Contacts:For InvestorsPhil Thomas
Long Island Iced Tea Corp.
1-855-542-2832info@longislandteas.com




























Print Friendly

                        Share


News Room



                         

View Related News




About this company


Long Island Iced Tea Corp.




From this industry


Financial Services

Food and Beverage





From this sub-industry


Investment Services and Trading
Commercial and Investment Banking
Venture Capital
Ingredients
Packaging and Processing
Food
Retailers
Beverages Non Alcoholic and Alcohol-Wine/Spirits
Dairy





                            See all RSS Newsfeeds


                         









                 



















						
                            About Marketwired
							
						




  Marketwired News


  Community Builders

Privacy
Site Map
Accessibility






						
                            Products
							
						




  Marketwired Resonate


  Marketwired Influencers


  News Distribution


  IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)


  Media Database (Mediahub)







						 
                            Resources
							
						




  Brochures


  Case Studies


  E-Books / Tip Sheets 


  Webinars / Videos







						 
                            Newsroom
							
						




  All News


  Headlines Only


  Advanced Search


  RSS Newsfeeds


  Hot Off the Wire


  Personal Beat


  CASL Compliance






					
                            Connect With Us
							
					


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Google+




MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ


                        
				Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal





You are using an outdated browser
    For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.







The Long Odds For Long Island Iced Tea - Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (NASDAQ:LTEA) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»The Long Odds For Long Island Iced TeaJul. 3.17 | About: Long Island (LTEA) Timberwolf Equity Research Value, research analyst, growth at reasonable price, consumer non-durablesA Value-driven Bargain Hunt




SummaryLong Island Iced Tea is a recent entrant in the beverage industry.Management believes its claim on the Long Island Iced Tea name will help it forge a successful entry in RTD tea category.However, its registration of the generic term Long Island Iced Tea could still be challenged in court.Even if the company's claim to ownership is successful, it still faces an uphill struggle in competitive category.Long Island Iced Tea (LTEA) is an early-stage entrant in the American beverage industry. The company’s revenues for its last fiscal year were very modest as it is still in the process of scaling its product distribution to a more significant number of retail doors. Since the beverage industry is notoriously crowded with both very well-established brands and numerous new introductions every year, the company’s road to success is anything but certain. Its most significant product is focused on the RTD tea segment, which is mature and dominated by incumbent brands like Lipton, Brisk and Arizona. Finding an area of unmet demand in a category as crowded as RTD tea therefore seems like a tough thing to do. The brands that have in recent years found growth are overwhelmingly concentrated at the higher end of the category’s price range. Gold Peak, Honest Tea and Fuze would be some examples of brands that have found a profitable niche in the marketplace, and have been acquired by beverage giant Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO) as a way to complement its soda-heavy beverage portfolio. Meanwhile, growth in the lower- to mid-level price ranges, which are dominated by Arizona Beverage and the Pepsi (NYSE:PEP)-Lipton joint venture (UN), has been more subdued. Coca-Cola has even decided to unwind its longstanding but not-so-successful partnership with Nestle (OTCPK:NSRGY) regarding Nestea, which was something of an also-ran in this segment. Despite this, the iced tea category has become a battleground for soda giants Coke and Pepsi, both of which have large financial resources and marketing strength. I expect this to intensify as soda beverages continue to experience declines in demand.
 Long Island Iced Tea is positioned as a better-for-you alternative with a below-average price point, in effect trying to tap into the higher growth segments by offering a value price. This appears to be a somewhat conflicted brand message, premium but not priced as such, which in my opinion could create confusion among consumers. Despite the long odds Long Island is facing in the beverage marketplace, the market is valuing this company at close to $45 million (or about 9x trailing revenues). The question is why. Long Island’s Marketing Shortcut An important reason for Long Island’s optimistic valuation is that it appears to have found a smart way into the very crowded market for RTD teas through its successful registration of the name Long Island Iced Tea. Of course, Long Island Iced Tea is a famous term for a cocktail containing, among other things, a number of spirits including vodka and tequila, but no tea. Management's assumption is that the company can forego significant advertising expenditures to establish consumer recognition for its brand, because the term Long Island Iced Tea is already well-recognized among consumers. In my opinion, there are three significant problems with this assumption, which cast doubt on the sustainability of the company’s current valuation. The first problem is that Long Island Iced Tea is well-established as a hard drink, which may give rise to confusion when a product carrying this name is found in the supermarket soft drink aisle. The second issue is that name recognition in itself is not a guarantee for widespread adoption of a new product. The idea that consumers will adopt Long Island Iced Tea purely because it sounds familiar is at best doubtful. Finally, the company's registration of the Long Island Iced Tea trademark appears somewhat uncertain. For instance, the company has secured registration for the trademark under class 30, intended for non-alcoholic beverages, in this case beverages based on tea, but not for alcoholic beverages. And more importantly, the trademark has been added to the supplemental registry, not the principal registry, which among other things means it can still be contested in court by other parties. If the company were to succeed in the marketplace, I would expect competitors to raise objections over the company’s use of a generic term that has been in use since decades.
 My suspicion is that the company is trying to establish a more credible claim to future use of the term, potentially for alcoholic beverages, by using its supplemental registration to bring products to market. Long Island’s management may believe they will have a stronger claim to exclusive use of the name Long Island Iced Tea in the future if they have had a product named Long Island Iced Tea in the marketplace for a considerable time.   A Competitive Category The ready-to-drink tea segment is attractive both for its size and better-than-average growth rates, but it is also crowded and significantly fragmented. A short case study on recent attempts to penetrate the category might be useful to illustrate the longs odds Long Island is facing. Arguably one the most successful North American beverage companies of the past two decades has been Monster Beverage (MNST), which has managed to establish its Monster Energy brand as the most credible challenger to category creator Red Bull since launching in 2002. The man credited with the creation of the Monster Energy brand is Mark Hall, who prior to his move to then Hansen Natural worked for Arizona Beverages, which is mostly known for its Arizona Iced Tea brand. One could make a credible case that Monster Energy is the most successful non-alcoholic beverage introduction in the American market of the past 15 years. Therefore Mark Hall has a significant amount of credibility as a marketing executive. Still, his involvement at Monster Beverage has not prevented the company on numerous occasions of failing to gain traction with other beverage launches. Over the years, Monster Beverage has launched such brands as Hansen Energy, Lost Energy, Hitman energy shots and a RTD tea brand called Peace Tea. And despite the fact that Peace Tea is still in existence as a brand owned by Coca-Cola, it has never had much of an impact on the RTD tea category. Monster’s executives, mostly Rodney Sacks, have in the past reflected on some of the reasons why the Peace Tea brand did not work as well as they had expected. An important part of the explanation is related to the maturity of the RTD tea category, which in the case of Peace Tea’s launch in 2009, was at least several decades old. Upon category maturity a range of well-established brands have taken up a category’s allocated shelf space, which makes it much harder to gain distribution, especially in the smaller establishments prevalent in the convenience and gas channel. Within a price range, the retailer usually stocks the category leader, and perhaps a somewhat cheaper competitor. Convincing shop operators to reserve shelf space for an untested brand is usually very difficult, unless it offers something unique.
 A higher price point for a more premium product can be a way to secure shelf placement, promising higher margins for the retailer in the process. Different product characteristics can be another way, for instance a product with different ingredients, flavors or packaging. In Long Island Iced Tea’s case none of those seem to apply, making it less likely that the brand will gain significant distribution. Another commonly employed way to gain distribution is to pay the retailers for shelf space, also known as slotting fees. This is a common way to gain premium shelf space, but usually requires substantial financial investment without certainty of a pay-off. Given Long Island’s modest financial means this method seems unlikely to serve as a successful tool for expanding distribution of its brand. One could argue that Peace Tea was a fairly successful introduction by any normal standard, just not when compared to Monster Energy. It is true that Peace Tea grew into a brand of modest size, certainly at a level that Long Island Iced Tea should be more than happy to achieve. But there are more than a few differences between (then) Hansen Natural and Long Island Iced Tea, not in the least the amount of executive talent. Mark Hall had experience in running operations for one successful brand invented by others (Arizona) and experience in launching and running operations for one very successful brand whose creation he oversaw (Monster). On top of that, Hansen had the benefit of having substantial financial means by the time Peace Tea was launched, existing distribution agreements with several strong partners including Anheuser Busch (BUD), Dr Pepper (DPS) and several Coca-Cola (KO) bottlers and the credibility of already having established a very successful beverage brand. Peace Tea’s problem in my opinion was not that it was ill-conceived or poorly executed but that it came very late to the game. Perhaps the brand was also not different enough from existing brands like Arizona, which made it even harder to gain shelf space.
 When we look at Long Island Iced Tea, it is obvious that the company does not have a high-selling brand to spearhead its sales, it does not have very substantial financial means and it does not have distribution agreements with powerful beverage distributors. This leaves the company’s fortunes depending on the assumed recognition of the term Long Island Iced Tea and the beverage industry experience of its management team, as widely touted in its financial documents. But when we take a closer look at those beverage credentials it appears they are mostly related to the beer and spirits businesses, which are entirely different product categories with a very different target consumer and product marketing. This leaves CEO Philip Thomas and his CFO Richard Allen as the ones with the most experience in soft drinks. In Richard Allen’s case the experience has been primarily in sales and financial functions with Cadbury Schweppes and Snapple, and in Mr. Thomas’ case his beverage experience is limited to Magnum Vending, which is his family’s vending machine business. Vending machine companies like Magnum usually sell third party brands; they are essentially a distribution business tailored to provide beverage distribution to offices and small retail accounts. In other words, the two key executives with soft drink experience appear to have very little experience with beverage branding and marketing. Conclusion The iced tea category is an attractive and growing segment, but is also contested by a significant number of established players with very large resources. In order to succeed as a newcomer you will need a differentiated product, something that offers a better customer proposition from what is currently available. In my opinion, Long Island Iced Tea is not currently in possession of such an advantage. It is true that the company is in the process of bringing other products to market, like its Long Island Lemonade line and its ALO Juice aloe vera drink, but those may serve to diffuse management’s efforts to grow sales rather than enhance it. In their latest annual filing, the company also mentions its ambitions to enter the alcoholic beverage market at some point in the future. It is possible that the company’s intention is to try to extend its trademark registration at some point to alcoholic beverages. If they follow through on that ambition, it would put the company in an atypical spot, since most beverage companies are either focused on non-alcoholic or alcoholic beverages.
 Although I expect the company to continue growing from its currently very modest base, I have some doubts regarding its potential to achieve profitability within a reasonable amount of time. The company has a habit of frequently releasing information about newly signed distribution agreements, but it is difficult to estimate the size of these accounts. Additionally, a substantial amount of these agreements appear to involve the company’s gallon container products which, as it has admitted, carry very low or even negative margins. “Sales of our gallon containers have and continue to be sold below their cost in order to drive expanded distribution and brand visibility to consumers on retail store shelves.” (page 24 of the company’s latest 10-K). It is hard to see a viable business model in selling a product at a negative gross margin. It would either imply that they expect to grow it into a profitable product line by expanding its scale and securing significant unit cost declines in the process or, alternatively, that they intend to use this product as a way of gaining distribution for their more profitable packages. A potential problem with the second possibility is that retailers may never choose to stock the more profitable products. Finally, and perhaps most importantly, the uncertainty surrounding its claim to the exclusive use of the name Long Island Iced Tea casts doubt on the company's ability to secure brand ownership rights to this term. Combined with the long odds any new beverage entrant faces in the marketplace, the overhang this uncertainty creates leads me to the conclusion that Long Island Iced Tea is not an attractive investment candidate. I fully expect it to secure new distribution agreements with local beverage distributors, as it has in the past, but the path to a sufficiently large beverage brand that can deliver actual profits will be long and hard. For me, the odds for Long Island Iced Tea are simply too long. This article is part of Seeking Alpha PRO. PRO members receive exclusive access to Seeking Alpha's best ideas and professional tools to fully leverage the platform.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
Editor's Note: This article covers one or more stocks trading at less than $1 per share and/or with less than a $100 million market cap. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.About this article:ExpandAuthor payment: $35 + $0.01/page view. Authors of PRO articles receive a minimum guaranteed payment of $150-500.Tagged: Consumer Goods, Dairy Products, Editors' Picks, PROWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Timberwolf Equity Research and get email alerts







BRIEF-Long Island Iced Tea Corp CFO transitions out of role | Reuters

























































































Discover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupportin 12 daysBRIEF-Long Island Iced Tea Corp CFO transitions out of role#Sessions#Trump#Earnings#Healthcare#CyberRisk#FutureOfMoney#Energy&EnvironmentSectionsBusinessMarketsWorldPoliticsTechCommentaryBreakingviewsMoneyLifePicturesReuters TVDiscover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupportFeaturedPoliticsRepublican lawmakers rally around SessionsRussiaHouse approves new Russia sanctions, defying TrumpWorldShkreli's ancestral Albania town torn on 'Pharma Bro' legacyPicturesReuters TVEditionUnited StatesAfricaAmérica LatinaعربيArgentinaBrasilCanada中国DeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItalia日本MéxicoРОССИЯUnited KingdomUnited States#Market NewsJuly 13, 2017 /  9:10 PM / in 12 daysBRIEF-Long Island Iced Tea Corp CFO transitions out of role1 Min ReadJuly 13 (Reuters) - Long Island Iced Tea Corp * Long Island Iced Tea Corp - Chief Financial Officer Richard Allen transitions out of role * Long Island Iced Tea Corp - Allen will transition out of role over next two months, leaving business effective August 15, 2017 * Long Island Iced Tea - Allen's role will be temporarily accommodated by company's chairman/CEO/CSMO while co searches for a candidate to fill CFO role Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:0 : 0narrow-browser-and-phonemedium-browser-and-portrait-tabletlandscape-tabletmedium-wide-browserwide-browser-and-largermedium-browser-and-landscape-tabletmedium-wide-browser-and-largerabove-phoneportrait-tablet-and-aboveabove-portrait-tabletlandscape-tablet-and-abovelandscape-tablet-and-medium-wide-browserportrait-tablet-and-belowlandscape-tablet-and-belowAppsNewslettersReuters PlusAdvertising GuidelinesCookiesTerms of UsePrivacyAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.© 2017 Reuters. All Rights Reserved.

Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Product LineHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,477.13+7.22 (+0.29%)Dow 3021,613.43+100.26 (+0.47%)Nasdaq6,412.17+1.37 (+0.02%)Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Product LineMarketwiredMarch 14, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareClick here for high-resolution versionMoreHICKSVILLE, NY--(Marketwired - Mar 14, 2017) - Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (  NASDAQ :  LTEA ) (the "Company"), a growth-oriented company focused on the ready-to-drink ("RTD") tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced the launch of The Original Long Island Brand™ Lemonade. Infused with a splash of tea and made with 100% raw cane sugar and non-GMO ingredients for a crisp, refreshing and natural taste, this premium lemonade is highly differentiated from other lemonade beverages in the US market.Philip Thomas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, stated, "Beyond creating a delicious and refreshing lemonade, we made sure that the "better-for-you" attributes that are prominent within our iced tea range were incorporated into our new lemonade brand.""This exciting new lemonade is available in nine real-fruit flavors, including Traditional, Lime, Peach, Watermelon, Mango, Strawberry, Kiwi Strawberry, Cherry and Wildberries, and incorporates a subtle splash of tea essence. We feel the Company is bringing a true point of difference to the conventional lemonade brands on the market today," Mr. Thomas added.The addition of the lemonade brand to the Company's portfolio comes after the recent acquisition of Alo Juice®. This further establishes the Company as a key player within the "better-for-you" beverage category.Mr. Thomas commented, "Long Island Iced Tea® products are moving successfully in stores and we saw the opportunity to leverage our brand and positioning to capitalize on a different product offering. One that we believe would excite current customers and attract new consumers to our brand."According to IBISWorld, lemonade comprises 8.2% of the $12.0 billion juice market in 20161. Lemonade sales totaled 451 million liters in 20152.The Original Long Island Brand™ Lemonade range consists of 9 real-fruit flavors, available in both single 18oz bottles and 12-packs. The product is a natural complement to the Company's Long Island Iced Tea®, which comprises 12 different iced tea flavors available in single 18oz bottles, gallons and 12-packs.About Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Headquartered in Long Island, New York, Long Island Iced Tea Corp. operates in the ready-to-drink segment of the beverage industry. The Company has developed non-alcoholic, premium iced tea and lemonade bottled beverages made with quality ingredients that are offered at an affordable price. The Company is currently organized around its flagship brand Long Island Iced Tea®, a premium, ready-to-drink iced tea sold primarily on the East Coast of the United States through a network of regional chains and distributors. The Company's website is www.longislandicedtea.com.Forward Looking Statements This press release includes statements of the Company's expectations, intentions, plans and beliefs that constitute "forward looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are intended to come within the safe harbor protection provided by those sections. These statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, relate to the discussion of the Company's business strategies and its expectations concerning future operations, margins, sales, new products and brands, potential joint ventures, potential acquisitions, expenses, profitability, liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements include any statement that does not directly relate to a historical or current fact. You can also identify these and other forward-looking statements by the use of such words as "may," "will," "should," "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "thinks," "estimates," "seeks," "predicts," "could," "projects," "potential" and other similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. These forward looking statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting the Company and are subject to uncertainties, risks and factors relating to its operations and business environments, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond its control, that could cause its actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. These risks include its history of losses and expectation of further losses, its ability to expand its operations in both new and existing markets, its ability to develop or acquire new brands and products, its relationships with distributors, the success of its marketing activities, the effect of competition in its industry and economic and political conditions generally, including the current economic environment and markets. More information about these and other factors are described in the reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the discussions contained under the caption "Risk Factors." When considering these forward looking statements, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this press release and the reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and the Company cannot predict those events or how they may affect it. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward looking statements after the date of this press release as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by the federal securities laws.1 IBISWorld Industry Report 31211c, "Juice Production in the US", January 2017. 2 Statista, "Sales of lemonade in the United States in 2004 and 2015 (in million liters)".Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3118382ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextWill Cabot (COG) Disappoint Investors this Earnings Season?ZacksEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredFacebook Inc (FB) Stock Should Hit $180 After Q2 EarningsInvestorPlaceEarnings set to dominate on Wall Street as Alphabet, Hasbro reportCNBCIowa firm tied to truck deaths has history of legal problemsAssociated PressA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredJ. C. Penney Deploys Apple Pay for Rich Customer ExperienceZacksChina's army looks like it's getting ready for something big to go down in North KoreaBusiness InsiderConservative media outlets are sending Trump a big warning on Jeff Sessions — and Trump is paying attentionBusiness InsiderWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredHere's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderEconomists answer, are we at full employment?Yahoo Finance VideoFacebook earnings, Fed announcement — What you need to know in markets on WednesdayYahoo FinanceLife In N. Korea Is Not What You Would Think It IsKiwi ReportSponsoredState Department says Secretary Tillerson is 'taking a little time off' amid tensions in the White HouseBusiness InsiderA conspiracy theory about Chipotle is gaining steamBusiness InsiderTrump Says Acting FBI Director ‘Got $700,000’ From Hillary Clinton. Is it True?k: whenever Trump feels under pressure, he plays the Hillary card. He's deranged. I loathe Clinton and he's little more than an ignorant bully. His blather, however, seems to appeal to the morons who elected him.Join the Conversation1 / 51.1k








 



Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Product Line: “Lemonade and a Splash of Tea" - BevNET.com






 













 

































































BevNET



 

]">

 








Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Product Line: “Lemonade and a Splash of Tea”

Press Release Mar. 15, 2017 at 4:07 pm









        More 











Hicksville (Long Island), NY (March 14, 2017) – Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (NasdaqCM: LTEA) (the “Company”), a growth-oriented company focused on the ready-to-drink (“RTD”) tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced the launch of The Original Long Island Brand™ Lemonade. Infused with a splash of tea and made with 100% raw cane sugar and non-GMO ingredients for a crisp, refreshing and natural taste, this premium lemonade is highly differentiated from other lemonade beverages in the US market.
Philip Thomas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, stated, “Beyond creating a delicious and refreshing lemonade, we made sure that the “better-for-you” attributes that are prominent within our iced tea range were incorporated into our new lemonade brand.”


“This exciting new lemonade is available in nine real fruit flavors, including Traditional, Lime, Peach, Watermelon, Mango, Strawberry, Kiwi Strawberry, Cherry, and Wildberries, and incorporates a subtle splash of tea essence. We feel the Company is bringing a true point of difference to the conventional lemonade brands on the market today,” Mr. Thomas added.
The addition of the lemonade brand to the Company’s portfolio comes after the recent acquisition of Alo Juice®. This further establishes the Company as a key player in the “better-for-you” beverage category.
Mr. Thomas commented, “Long Island Iced Tea® products are moving successfully in stores and we saw the opportunity to leverage our brand and positioning to capitalize on a different product offering. One that we believe would excite current customers and attract new consumers to our brand.”
According to IBISWorld, lemonade comprises 8.2% of the $12.0 billion juice market in 2016¹.  Lemonade sales totaled 451 million liters in 2015².
The Original Long Island Brand™ Lemonade range consists of 9 real fruit flavors, available in both single 18oz bottles and 12-packs. The product is a natural complement to the Company’s Long Island Iced Tea®, which comprises 12 different iced tea flavors available in single 18oz bottles, gallons, and 12-packs.
About Long Island Iced Tea Corp.
Headquartered in Long Island, New York, Long Island Iced Tea Corp. operates in the ready-to-drink segment of the beverage industry. The Company has developed non-alcoholic, premium iced tea and lemonade bottled beverages made with quality ingredients that are offered at an affordable price. The Company is currently organized around its flagship brand Long Island Iced Tea®, a premium, ready-to-drink iced tea sold primarily on the East Coast of the United States through a network of regional chains and distributors. The Company’s website is www.longislandicedtea.com.
 
 
 









 



Latest News









				Val Stalowir Named Reed’s CEO			


 







				Distribution Roundup: Roar, L.A. Libations Partner			


 







				Caribe Opens New Production Facility			


 

 







Marketplace










Contract Brewing and Packaging Services


 


 


Featured Jobs










East Bay Craft Cider Sales Representative - Gol...


 








Sacramento Craft Cider Sales Representative - G...


 








Packaging Assistant Manager, Canning  - Deschut...


 








Territory Sales Representative - Florida - Lord...


 








Internal Distributors, Route Specific - Fresh B...


 








Sales Account Administrator  - Groundwork Coffee


 


 


Additional News









							TemperPack Raises $10M						


 







							First Beverage Closes $64M Second Fund						


 







							Taste Radio Ep. 67: Condiments and Culture						


 







							Review: Lion Dandelion Teas						


 








Beverage Industry Jobs



East Bay Craft Cider Sales Representative - Golden State Cider
Sacramento Craft Cider Sales Representative - Golden State Cider
Part-time On Premise Activation Specialist - Fayetteville, AR - Inspira Marketing
Diageo Account Consultant - Austin, TX - Enthuse Marketing






Subscribe to BevNET's Daily Newsletter









Recent Articles




Features
Newswire
Spirits
Beer





Val Stalowir Named Reed’s CEO
Distribution Roundup: Roar, L.A. Libations Partner
Caribe Seeks Growth With New Production Facility
TemperPack Raises $10M To Upset Packaging Industry
First Beverage Closes $64M Second Fund
Taste Radio Ep. 67: Sir Kensington’s Scott Norton Talks Condiments and Culture
Review: Lion Dandelion Teas




AquaNew’s Watt-Ahh Releases Commemorative Anniversary 1L Bottles
Gatorade Vets Andy Horrow and Sue Wellington Join Protein2O
Blossom Water Enters More Than 750 New Stores
Ecuadorian Healing Water, WanKu, Launches in U.S.
Jin+Ja Expands Into Plant-Based Nutrition with Super Greens Line
Crystal Pepsi Throwback Tour A Tribute to ’90s Nostalgia
Let’s Get Good! Clean Energy Drink Debuts




Rebecca Creek Distillery Announces $15 Million Raised In Capital
Cuba Libre and Paloma Now Available in Clubtails Especial Cocktail in a Can
Uncle Nearest 1856 Premium Whiskey Launches in Portland
Albany Distilling Re-Releases Tenth Pin Apple Brandy
Constellation Brands Elects Susan Somersille Johnson to Board
Glen Moray Celebrates 120th Anniversary with Special Release
Copper & Kings American Brandy Co. Launches Destillaré Liqueurs Orange Curaçao




Mother Earth Announces Expanded Distribution in Oregon
Hi-Wire Brewing Announces 2017 Fall Seasonals and Specialties
Lord Hobo Expands Distribution to Florida with Cavalier Distributing
Pabst Releases Small Town Brewery Not Your Father’s Mountain Ale
Rahr & Sons Brewing Co. Adds Distribution in Kansas and Nebraska
Ithaca Beer Releasing Box of Hops 8 Packs
Evans Brewing Adds 5 Beers to Summer Line Up








Upcoming Events








BevNET Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Dec 4 - 5, 2017




 






NOSH Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • November 30, 2017




 






Brewbound Session Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Nov. 29, 2017




 








BevNET.com



 
 




















Follow Us:








Free E-Newsletters:


 BevNET Daily


 Project NOSH (Natural Food)


 Brewbound.com (Craft Beer)




 


BevNET Beverage School is an on-demand, video-based learning tool and online community designed for entrepreneurs and newcomers to the food and beverage industry.

 


Click to View Current Issue
Published 8x per year, BevNET Magazine is the leading industry magazine for analysis of trends, innovation, marketing, and product development.

 


The BevNET Podcast is now Taste Radio, the podcast for the beverage, food and beer industries. New episodes every Friday.







Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Product Line - MarketWatch

















































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets




















press release


					March 14, 2017, 8:01 a.m. EDT
				
Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Product Line
























HICKSVILLE, NY, Mar 14, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) --
"Lemonade and a Splash of Tea"


                                        








HICKSVILLE, NY--(Marketwired - Mar 14, 2017) -  Long Island Iced Tea Corp.                 

/quotes/zigman/73149631/composite LTEA
+7.73%


 (the "Company"), a growth-oriented company focused on the ready-to-drink ("RTD") tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced the launch of The Original Long Island Brand™ Lemonade. Infused with a splash of tea and made with 100% raw cane sugar and non-GMO ingredients for a crisp, refreshing and natural taste, this premium lemonade is highly differentiated from other lemonade beverages in the US market.


                                        








Philip Thomas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, stated, "Beyond creating a delicious and refreshing lemonade, we made sure that the "better-for-you" attributes that are prominent within our iced tea range were incorporated into our new lemonade brand."


                                        








"This exciting new lemonade is available in nine real-fruit flavors, including Traditional, Lime, Peach, Watermelon, Mango, Strawberry, Kiwi Strawberry, Cherry and Wildberries, and incorporates a subtle splash of tea essence. We feel the Company is bringing a true point of difference to the conventional lemonade brands on the market today," Mr. Thomas added.


                                        








The addition of the lemonade brand to the Company's portfolio comes after the recent acquisition of Alo Juice®. This further establishes the Company as a key player within the "better-for-you" beverage category.


                                        








Mr. Thomas commented, "Long Island Iced Tea® products are moving successfully in stores and we saw the opportunity to leverage our brand and positioning to capitalize on a different product offering. One that we believe would excite current customers and attract new consumers to our brand."


                                        








According to IBISWorld, lemonade comprises 8.2% of the $12.0 billion juice market in 20161. Lemonade sales totaled 451 million liters in 20152.


                                        








The Original Long Island Brand™ Lemonade range consists of 9 real-fruit flavors, available in both single 18oz bottles and 12-packs. The product is a natural complement to the Company's Long Island Iced Tea®, which comprises 12 different iced tea flavors available in single 18oz bottles, gallons and 12-packs.


                                        








About Long Island Iced Tea Corp.


                                        








Headquartered in Long Island, New York, Long Island Iced Tea Corp. operates in the ready-to-drink segment of the beverage industry. The Company has developed non-alcoholic, premium iced tea and lemonade bottled beverages made with quality ingredients that are offered at an affordable price. The Company is currently organized around its flagship brand Long Island Iced Tea®, a premium, ready-to-drink iced tea sold primarily on the East Coast of the United States through a network of regional chains and distributors. The Company's website is         www.longislandicedtea.com
.


                                        








Forward Looking Statements


                                        








This press release includes statements of the Company's expectations, intentions, plans and beliefs that constitute "forward looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are intended to come within the safe harbor protection provided by those sections. These statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, relate to the discussion of the Company's business strategies and its expectations concerning future operations, margins, sales, new products and brands, potential joint ventures, potential acquisitions, expenses, profitability, liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements include any statement that does not directly relate to a historical or current fact. You can also identify these and other forward-looking statements by the use of such words as "may," "will," "should," "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "thinks," "estimates," "seeks," "predicts," "could," "projects," "potential" and other similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. These forward looking statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting the Company and are subject to uncertainties, risks and factors relating to its operations and business environments, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond its control, that could cause its actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. These risks include its history of losses and expectation of further losses, its ability to expand its operations in both new and existing markets, its ability to develop or acquire new brands and products, its relationships with distributors, the success of its marketing activities, the effect of competition in its industry and economic and political conditions generally, including the current economic environment and markets. More information about these and other factors are described in the reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the discussions contained under the caption "Risk Factors." When considering these forward looking statements, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this press release and the reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and the Company cannot predict those events or how they may affect it. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward looking statements after the date of this press release as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by the federal securities laws.


                                        








1 IBISWorld Industry Report 31211c, "Juice Production in the US", January 2017.

        2 Statista, "Sales of lemonade in the United States in 2004 and 2015 (in million liters)".


                                        








Image Available:         http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3118382









Contacts:


For Investors

Phil Thomas

Long Island Iced Tea Corp.

1-855-542-2832

info@longislandteas.com


                                        








� 2017 Nasdaq, Inc.  All rights reserved.
                    



/quotes/zigman/73149631/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
LTEA




Long Island Iced Tea Corp.


                US
                
                    : U.S.: Nasdaq
                
            




$
4.88



+0.35
+7.73%




Volume: 178,816
July 25, 2017 4:00p






P/E RatioN/A
Dividend YieldN/A




Market Cap$38.46 million
Rev. per Employee$258,160





 









 





































Most Popular





1.






The biggest dog in the Dow might soon break free






2.





Need to Know

Here’s why Amazon, Facebook and the gang are not going to take down this market






3.





Earnings Outlook

AMD earnings: How did we get here?






4.





Market Snapshot

S&P 500, Nasdaq finish at records as investors cheer earnings






5.






Russell Gordy's Ranch Collection Across the American West








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




10:05 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:28pGeorge Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




































































	
		
		
		Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Product Line
	
	









		Research: Stocks: News Story
	












Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >


				
					
					
						News & Events
					
				
				 >
			












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 




















Print Format


Change Text Size:


Default text sizeA


Larger text sizeA


Largest text sizeA









Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Product Line
BY Market Wire— 8:00 AM ET 03/14/2017


HICKSVILLE, NY -- (Marketwired) -- 03/14/17 --
 Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA) (the "Company"), a growth-oriented company focused on the ready-to-drink ("RTD") tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced the launch of The Original Long Island Brand™ Lemonade. Infused with a splash of tea and made with 100% raw cane sugar and non-GMO ingredients for a crisp, refreshing and natural taste, this premium lemonade is highly differentiated from other lemonade beverages in the US market.
Philip Thomas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, stated, "Beyond creating a delicious and refreshing lemonade, we made sure that the "better-for-you" attributes that are prominent within our iced tea range were incorporated into our new lemonade brand."
"This exciting new lemonade is available in nine real-fruit flavors, including Traditional, Lime, Peach, Watermelon, Mango, Strawberry, Kiwi Strawberry, Cherry and Wildberries, and incorporates a subtle splash of tea essence. We feel the Company is bringing a true point of difference to the conventional lemonade brands on the market today," Mr. Thomas added.
The addition of the lemonade brand to the Company's portfolio comes after the recent acquisition of Alo Juice®. This further establishes the Company as a key player within the "better-for-you" beverage category.
Mr. Thomas commented, "Long Island Iced Tea (LTEA)® products are moving successfully in stores and we saw the opportunity to leverage our brand and positioning to capitalize on a different product offering. One that we believe would excite current customers and attract new consumers to our brand." 
According to IBISWorld, lemonade comprises 8.2% of the $12.0 billion juice market in 20161. Lemonade sales totaled 451 million liters in 20152.
The Original Long Island Brand™ Lemonade range consists of 9 real-fruit flavors, available in both single 18oz bottles and 12-packs. The product is a natural complement to the Company's Long Island Iced Tea (LTEA)®, which comprises 12 different iced tea flavors available in single 18oz bottles, gallons and 12-packs. 
About Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA) 
Headquartered in Long Island, New York, Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA) operates in the ready-to-drink segment of the beverage industry. The Company has developed non-alcoholic, premium iced tea and lemonade bottled beverages made with quality ingredients that are offered at an affordable price. The Company is currently organized around its flagship brand Long Island Iced Tea (LTEA)®, a premium, ready-to-drink iced tea sold primarily on the East Coast of the United States through a network of regional chains and distributors. The Company's website is www.longislandicedtea.com.
Forward Looking Statements 
This press release includes statements of the Company's expectations, intentions, plans and beliefs that constitute "forward looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are intended to come within the safe harbor protection provided by those sections. These statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, relate to the discussion of the Company's business strategies and its expectations concerning future operations, margins, sales, new products and brands, potential joint ventures, potential acquisitions, expenses, profitability, liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements include any statement that does not directly relate to a historical or current fact. You can also identify these and other forward-looking statements by the use of such words as "may," "will," "should," "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "thinks," "estimates," "seeks," "predicts," "could," "projects," "potential" and other similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. These forward looking statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting the Company and are subject to uncertainties, risks and factors relating to its operations and business environments, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond its control, that could cause its actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. These risks include its history of losses and expectation of further losses, its ability to expand its operations in both new and existing markets, its ability to develop or acquire new brands and products, its relationships with distributors, the success of its marketing activities, the effect of competition in its industry and economic and political conditions generally, including the current economic environment and markets. More information about these and other factors are described in the reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the discussions contained under the caption "Risk Factors." When considering these forward looking statements, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this press release and the reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and the Company cannot predict those events or how they may affect it. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward looking statements after the date of this press release as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by the federal securities laws.
1 IBISWorld Industry Report 31211c, "Juice Production in the US", January 2017.
2 Statista, "Sales of lemonade in the United States in 2004 and 2015 (in million liters)".

Contacts:
For Investors
Phil Thomas
Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA)
1-855-542-2832
info@longislandteas.com

Source: Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA)




More LTEA News



Long Island Iced Tea(R) Named Exclusive Iced Tea of The New Coliseum Presented By New York Community Bank

						Market Wire -
						




8:00 AM ET 02/16/2017


					



Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Continues Expansion into Latin America with New Distribution Agreement in Colombia

						Market Wire -
						




8:00 AM ET 02/07/2017


					



Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces Participation in the 2017 ECRM Convenience EPPS in Las Vegas on February 6th Through 9th

						Market Wire -
						




8:00 AM ET 02/03/2017


					













 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 
















































	
		
		
		Stock Market Research: Top Stocks, Quotes & News - Fidelity Investments
	
	





















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >













Stock Details


Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.






Stock Research & Ideas



You are here: Stock Research Center


		
		
		
		My Research 

Screen & Filter

Stock Screeners
Preset Expert Strategies

News & Insights

Events Calendar
Upgrades / Downgrades

Explore Firm Research

Research Firms
Research Firm Scorecards
Reports Search





RELATED RESOURCES

Fidelity Learning Center 
U.S. Markets
Global Markets
Sectors & Industries
















Stock Research Center

 Not a Fidelity Customer?
    No problem! Try our research for FREE without opening an account.




 














Trending Stocks



Market Movers
Top Rated by Sector
Orders by Fidelity Customers






Filters:


Refresh
Equity Summary Score


Provided by Starmine












Investing Insights



Technical Events
PROVIDED BY Recognia AS OF 07/25/2017
Methodology
RECOGNIA METHODOLOGY
Bullish and Bearish Events of the Day provide long/short trading ideas by identifying U.S. stocks that have recently formed a bullish or bearish classic chart pattern. Patterns must have taken at least 35 days to form, which draws out the more significant patterns for intermediate or long-term trend direction. The list is then filtered to include stocks with a minimum $3.00 for bullish and $5.00 for bearish close price; and, a minimum 50,000 trading volume. Most recent patterns are listed first. Patterns on the same date are sorted using Recognia's proprietary quantitative algorithm to draw strong companies to the top, and if further sorting is required (for stocks with the same quantitative analysis result) it is done by trading volume to draw highest volume stocks to the top.





CNO
Log in for Events


FMBI


PPBI


CVGI


BXS








PCRX
Log in for Events


PSA


PSTG


ASTE


CYH




Find out how to use fundamental analysis and technical analysis when evaluating stocks, with the help of the Fidelity Learning Center.






My Research – 
Organize and track your favorite securities.


				
				
				
				Get started 





Today's Events
AS OF 9:52 PM ET 07/25/2017







Earnings (186)
Dividends (7)
Splits (12)


Upgrades (142)
Downgrades (144)
Economic (4)










Upcoming Webinar Events
Visit the Learning Center Events page for a full list of upcoming webinars.
	














The Equity Summary Score is provided for informational purposes only, does not constitute advice or guidance, and is not an endorsement or recommendation for any particular security or trading strategy. The Equity Summary Score is provided by Thomson Reuters StarMine, an independent company not affiliated with Fidelity Investments.*GICS® (Global Industry Classification Standards) is an industry classification system developed by Standard & Poor's in collaboration with Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI). S&P uses GICS to determine the market segment to which a company is assigned.News, commentary (including "Related Symbols") and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Stock markets, especially foreign markets, are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Sector funds can be more volatile because of their narrow concentration in a specific industry.System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.The Fidelity Screeners are research tools provided to help self-directed investors evaluate securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria are solely for the convenience of the user. Information supplied or obtained from the Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange traded products or closed end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors and re-evaluate them on a periodic basis.














 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 





















































	
		
		
		LTEA Stock News - Fidelity
	
	




















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 

















Print
|
Help/Glossary




Help/Glossary








News & Events:LTEA

LONG ISLAND ICED TEA CORPORATION

4.88 0.35 (7.73 %)as of 4:00:00pm ET 07/25/2017



			
				Quotes delayed at least 15 min.
				
				
					
					
					
					
					Log in for real time quote.





Add to Watch List
Set Alert
Hypothetical Trade


Price History 

Download to CSV file
Download to Excel file


















Log in for more news

Expand all| Collapse all



















                                                    BRIEF-Long Island Iced Tea Corp announces new distribution partnership in the mid-Atlantic With Swartz & Sons
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    8:21 AM ET 07/25/2017
                                                


Long Island Iced Tea Corp (LTEA): * Long Island Iced Tea Corp (LTEA) announces new distribution partnership in the mid-atlantic with Swartz & Sons Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

















                                                    Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Distribution Partnership in the Mid-Atlantic with Swartz & Sons
                                                


                                                    Market Wire – 
                                                    8:00 AM ET 07/25/2017
                                                


07/25/17 -- Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA), a growth-oriented company focused on the non-alcohol ready-to-drink tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced that it has partnered with Swartz & Sons Distributors, Inc. to distribute the Company's portfolio of beverage brands in Virginia, Maryland, Washington D.C., Delaware and Pennsylvania.

















                                                    BRIEF-Long Island Iced Tea announcs new beverage distribution partnership
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    8:28 AM ET 07/19/2017
                                                


Long Island Iced Tea Corp (LTEA). * Long Island Iced Tea (LTEA) - new partnership to distribute its beverages in New Zealand, Polynesia, Micronesia & Melanesia through Stellare New Zealand Ltd Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

















                                                    Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Continues International Expansion, Begins Asia/Pacific Focus by Announcing Distribution Partnership for New Zealand and the Pacific Islands
                                                


                                                    Market Wire – 
                                                    8:00 AM ET 07/19/2017
                                                


07/19/17 -- Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA), a growth oriented company focused on the non-alcohol ready-to-drink tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced a new partnership to distribute its beverages in New Zealand, Polynesia, Micronesia and Melanesia1 through Stellare New Zealand Limited, part of the Stellare Group.

















                                                    BRIEF-Long Island Iced Tea Corp CFO transitions out of role
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    5:07 PM ET 07/13/2017
                                                


Long Island Iced Tea Corp (LTEA). * Long Island Iced Tea Corp (LTEA) - Chief Financial Officer Richard Allen transitions out of role. * Long Island Iced Tea Corp (LTEA) - Allen will transition out of role over next two months, leaving business effective August 15, 2017.

















                                                    Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces Changes in Senior Executives as the Company Continues Strong Growth Momentum
                                                


                                                    Market Wire – 
                                                    5:00 PM ET 07/13/2017
                                                


07/13/17 -- Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA), a growth-oriented company focused on the non-alcohol ready-to-drink tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced a number of changes to its senior executive line-up.

















                                                    Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Continues Northeast Expansion, Announces New and Expanded Local Partnerships
                                                


                                                    Market Wire – 
                                                    8:00 AM ET 07/12/2017
                                                


07/12/17 -- Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA), a growth-oriented company focused on the non-alcohol ready-to-drink tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced new and expanded partnerships in the New York Metro area with Target, Stew Leonard's, City Fresh Market, Cherry Valley Marketplace and Fairway Market.

















                                                    Recent Developments in the Global Beverages Market
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    9:00 AM ET 07/11/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, July 11, 2017 According to a research report published by Lucintel, the global beverage market has strong fundamentals, with opportunities for both alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. According to a new report by Grand View Research Inc., the global organic food & beverage market is already taking a major share of the overall market, and is expected to reach USD 320.5 billion by 2025.

















                                                    BRIEF-Long Island Iced Tea reports public offering of common stock
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    9:36 AM ET 07/07/2017
                                                


Long Island Iced Tea Corp (LTEA): * Long Island Iced Tea Corp (LTEA). announces public offering of common stock. * Long Island Iced Tea Corp (LTEA) says signing of subscription agreements for public offering of 448,160 shares of common stock at public offering price of $5.00 / share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

















                                                    Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces Public Offering of Common Stock
                                                


                                                    Market Wire – 
                                                    9:21 AM ET 07/07/2017
                                                


07/07/17 -- Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA), a growth-oriented company focused on the ready-to-drink tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced the signing of subscription agreements for a public offering of 448,160 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $5.00 per share.

















                                                    Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Added to the Russell Microcap(R) Index
                                                


                                                    Market Wire – 
                                                    8:00 AM ET 06/29/2017
                                                


06/29/17 -- Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA), a growth-oriented company focused on the non-alcohol ready-to-drink tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced that it has been added to the Russell Microcap® Index as part of the FTSE's annual reconstitution of its family of U.S. indexes.

















                                                    BRIEF-Long Island Iced Tea Corp secures placement of its flagship brand
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    8:10 AM ET 06/28/2017
                                                


Long Island Iced Tea Corp (LTEA). * Secured placement of its flagship brand Long Island Iced Tea in 156 loblaws supermarkets across Canada Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

















                                                    Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Continues Canadian Growth with Loblaws Partnership
                                                


                                                    Market Wire – 
                                                    8:00 AM ET 06/28/2017
                                                


06/28/17 -- Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA), a growth-oriented company focused on the ready-to-drink segment in the beverage industry, today announced that it has secured placement of its flagship brand Long Island Iced Tea® in 156 Loblaws supermarkets across Canada.

















                                                    Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Extends International Focus, Announces Consulting Arrangement with Asia Specialists Ben Cheng & Koh Tai Hong
                                                


                                                    Market Wire – 
                                                    8:00 AM ET 06/20/2017
                                                


06/20/17 -- Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA), a growth-oriented company focused on the non-alcohol ready-to-drink tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced that it has engaged Ben Cheng & Koh Tai Hong, Singaporean-based consumer goods specialists, to assist the Company in the development of its Asia footprint.

















                                                    BRIEF-Long Island Iced Tea says public offering of 257,000 common shares priced at $5.06 per share
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    9:18 AM ET 06/15/2017
                                                


Long Island Iced Tea Corp (LTEA). * Long Island Iced Tea Corp (LTEA). Announces public offering of common stock. * Says public offering of 257,000 common shares priced at $5.06per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

















                                                    Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces Public Offering of Common Stock
                                                


                                                    Market Wire – 
                                                    8:45 AM ET 06/15/2017
                                                


06/15/17 -- Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA), a growth-oriented company focused on the ready-to-drink tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced the signing of subscription agreements for a public offering of 256,848 shares of its common stock at an average public offering price of $5.06 per share.

















                                                    BRIEF-Long Island Iced Tea partners with Energync
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    8:26 AM ET 06/15/2017
                                                


Long Island Iced Tea Corp (LTEA)- * Long Island Iced Tea (LTEA) - partnered with Energync to distribute co's beverage brands across North Carolina, Eastern South Carolina and Southern Virginia Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

















                                                    Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Distribution Partnership in the Southeast with EnergyNC
                                                


                                                    Market Wire – 
                                                    8:00 AM ET 06/15/2017
                                                


06/15/17 -- Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA), a growth-oriented company focused on the non-alcohol ready-to-drink tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced that it has partnered with EnergyNC to distribute the Company's portfolio of beverage brands across North Carolina, eastern South Carolina and southern Virginia. EnergyNC is the largest independent beverage supplier in North Carolina.

















                                                    BRIEF-Long Island Iced Tea Corp signs deal with Funbev Distribution
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    8:15 AM ET 06/13/2017
                                                


Long Island Iced Tea Corp (LTEA): * Signed agreement with Funbev Distribution to serve as distributor for flagship brand Long Island Iced Tea throughout Ohio market Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

















                                                    Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Midwest Partnership with FUNBeV Distribution
                                                


                                                    Market Wire – 
                                                    8:00 AM ET 06/13/2017
                                                


06/13/17 -- Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (LTEA), a growth-oriented company focused on the non-alcohol ready-to-drink tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced that it has signed an agreement with FUNBeV Distribution LLC to serve as a distributor for its flagship brand Long Island Iced Tea® throughout the Ohio market.












Page: 


Page 1
|
Next >






Today's and Upcoming Events

No events in the next 90 days







Past Events (last 90 days)

No events in the past 90 days




Data provided by Wall Street Horizon, Inc. © 2017

Technical Events

Classic Patterns (past 90 days)
PROVIDED BY RECOGNIA, INC.

Log in for trading events

View All Technical Analysis in Advanced Chart 



Technical Analysis
PROVIDED BY TRADING CENTRAL

Log in for trading events












As with all your investments through Fidelity, you must make your own determination whether an investment is appropriate for you.  Fidelity is not recommending or endorsing this security by making it available to customers.  You should conduct research and perform a thorough investigation as to the characteristics of any securities you intend to purchase.  Before investing, you should read the prospectus, offering circular, indenture, or similar document carefully for a full description of the product, including its features and risks, to determine whether it is an appropriate investment for your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors, and be sure to re-evaluate those factors on a periodic basis.Performance data shown represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.  Yield and return will vary, therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments.  Growth stocks can be more volatile than other types of stocks.  Value stocks can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time.  Foreign securities are subject to interest-rate, currency-exchange-rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.  Illiquidity is an inherent risk associated with investing in real estate and REITs.  There is no guarantee the issuer of a REIT will maintain the secondary market for its shares and redemptions may be at a price which is more or less than the original price paid.  Closed-end funds can trade at a discount to their NAV.  Shareholders of Master Limited Partnerships may be treated as partners for tax purposes.  Partnerships issue a Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) rather than a Form 1099 form for tax purposes. It lists the partner's share of income, deductions, credits, etc.  Speak with your tax advisor to determine how this may affect you.  A royalty trust is a type of corporation, mostly in the United States or Canada, usually involved in oil and gas production or mining.  Royalty trusts may have special tax treatment, so you should consult a tax advisor on the potential tax consequences of investing in them.News, commentary and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content.  Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Any data, charts and other information provided on this page are intended for research purposes to help self-directed investors evaluate many types of securities including, but not limited to common stocks, American Depository Receipts, Master Limited Partnerships, real estate investment trusts. traditional preferred stock, trust preferred securities, third-party trust certificates, convertible securities, mandatory convertible securities and other exchange-traded equity and/or debt securities.  Criteria and inputs entered, including the choice to make security comparisons, are at the sole discretion of the user and are solely for the convenience of the user.  Analyst opinions, ratings and reports are provided by third-parties unaffiliated with Fidelity.  All information supplied or obtained from this page is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell a security, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy.  Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating individual securities. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.462499.6.0








 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 








































See the Latest Features





PersonalizedGet relevant information about your holdings right when you need it.See Your Performance Click the portfolio icon to get information about stocks you own without leaving the research page.Faster Access to Positions A shortcut to view the full list of positions in your portfolio? Yes, please! Use the ticker search box.Add Your Own Notes Use Notebook to save your investment ideas in one convenient, private, and secure place.





Convenient For YouResearch that's clear, accessible, and all in one place makes for a better experience.One-Stop Shop See everything you need to make investment decisions right in the dashboard.Access Anywhere No matter where you are, use the Stock Research experience across multiple devices.New Ideas, On the Ready Find new ideas using quick links to the Stock Screener.





New Ways to ResearchDiscover new tools to add or diversify your existing research strategy.StockTwits Read live tweets from the financial and investing community about the stock you're interested in.Fundamental Analysis Save time on research by getting an overall assessment of a company's valuation, quality, growth stability, and financial health.Recognia Technical Analysis Perfect for the technical trader—this indicator captures a stock's technical events and converts them into short, medium, and long-term sentiment.Top Competitors See how a stock measures up by instantly comparing it to the industry average and its top four competitors.Social Sentiment Get a sense of people's overall feelings towards a company in social media with this summary tool.Earnings Data Monitor earnings expectations over the past three quarters and model a stock's price based on its P/E.








  LTEA:NASDAQ CM Stock Quote - Long Island Iced Tea Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Long Island Iced Tea Corp   LTEA:US   NASDAQ CM        4.88USD   0.35   7.73%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/25/2017     Open   4.62    Day Range   4.62 - 4.99    Volume   180,816    Previous Close   4.53    52Wk Range   3.54 - 7.15    1 Yr Return   -31.75%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   4.62    Day Range   4.62 - 4.99    Volume   180,816    Previous Close   4.53    52Wk Range   3.54 - 7.15    1 Yr Return   -31.75%    YTD Return   17.03%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -1.88    Market Cap (m USD)   42.163    Shares Outstanding  (m)   8.640    Price/Sales (TTM)   5.98    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Consumer Staples   % Price Change +0.73%     Industry Food Beverage & Tobacco   % Price Change +0.35%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7:59 AM   Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Distribution Partnership in the Mid-Atlantic with Swartz & Sons     7/19/2017   Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Continues International Expansion, Begins Asia/Pacific Focus by Announcing Distribution Partnership     7/13/2017   Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces Changes in Senior Executives as the Company Continues Strong Growth Momentum     7/12/2017   Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Continues Northeast Expansion, Announces New and Expanded Local Partnerships     7/7/2017   Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces Public Offering of Common Stock     6/29/2017   Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Added to the Russell Microcap(R) Index     6/28/2017   Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Continues Canadian Growth with Loblaws Partnership     6/20/2017   Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Extends International Focus, Announces Consulting Arrangement with Asia Specialists Ben Cheng & Koh     6/15/2017   Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces Public Offering of Common Stock     6/15/2017   Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Distribution Partnership in the Southeast with EnergyNC    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Long Island Iced Tea Corp. operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, produces a range of non-alcoholic iced tea beverages, such as all-natural, diet, fruit-flavored, organic, and herbal teas. Long Island Iced Tea conducts business in the United States.    Address  116 Charlotte AvenueHicksville, NY 11801United States   Phone  1-855-542-2832   Website   www.longislandicedtea.com     Executives Board Members    Julian Davidson  Chairman    Philip J Thomas "Phil"  CEO/Investor Relations    Richard B Allen  Chief Financial Officer    Virginia Morris  Chief Sales & Marketing Officer    Joseph Caramele  VP:National Sales & Marketing     Show More         Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Continues International Expansion, Begins Asia/Pacific Focus by Announcing Distribution Partnership for New Zealand and the Pacific IslandsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,477.13+7.22 (+0.29%)Dow 3021,613.43+100.26 (+0.47%)Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Continues International Expansion, Begins Asia/Pacific Focus by Announcing Distribution Partnership for New Zealand and the Pacific IslandsMarketwiredJuly 19, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareHICKSVILLE, NY--(Marketwired - Jul 19, 2017) - Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (  NASDAQ :  LTEA ) (the "Company"), a growth oriented company focused on the non-alcohol ready-to-drink ("NARTD") tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced a new partnership to distribute its beverages in New Zealand, Polynesia, Micronesia and Melanesia1 through Stellare New Zealand Limited ("Stellare"), part of the Stellare Group.New Zealand has an estimated population of 4.5 million people² and has a NARTD tea market that has grown at a 3.5% CAGR from 2011 to 2016, and projected to reach US$7.4 million by 2021.3 Long Island Iced Tea Corp. has been the registered owner of the 'Long Island Brand' trademark in New Zealand since December 12, 2014.Philip Thomas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, stated, "We are excited to announce our international expansion into the Asia Pacific region. This region represents new markets for the Company on the doorstep of Asia, which represents 75% of global NARTD tea volume.4 Our new partnership with Stellare allows us to enter new geographic markets and continue growing our customer footprint for our flagship Long Island Iced Tea® brand as well as our newly distributed ALO Juice® brand."The founder and CEO of Stellare, Don Claasen, stated, "We are very happy to be partnering with Long Island Iced Tea Corp. as their iconic brand and company is a welcomed acquisition to our growing portfolio. The Long Island portfolio of brands taps into a growing area in the 'better-for-you' segment that consumers are searching for."Long Island Iced Tea® is an NARTD tea that will be available through Stellare in 500ml bottles. ALO Juice® is an NARTD functional beverage that will be available through Stellare in 500ml and 1.5L bottles. Stellare will commence sales and distribution in the second half of 2017.About Stellare New Zealand Limited Stellare New Zealand Limited is an Auckland, New Zealand based sales, marketing and distribution company with staff servicing New Zealand, Australia, and Pacific Islands. Stellare sources the finest dairy, meat, beverages, and honey products to meet discerning customer and consumer needs. The company operates in Grocery, Banner Groups, Wholesalers and the Horeca trade. Stellare also operates Stellare Merchants (NZ) Limited in the licenced off-trade and on-premise with a variety of alcoholic and non-alcoholic brands.About Long Island Iced Tea Corp.  Headquartered in Long Island, NY, Long Island Iced Tea Corp. operates in the non-alcohol ready-to-drink segment of the beverage industry. The Company's flagship brand 'The Original Long Island Brand Iced Tea®', together with 'The Original Long Island Brand Lemonade™' are marketed as premium beverages made with non-GMO ingredients. The company also imports and markets 'ALO Juice®' a functional Aloe Vera based beverage. The Company's portfolio of premium brands sits within the 'better-for-you' category of the beverage industry, and are offered to consumers at an affordable price, reflecting the Company's mission. Its beverages are sold primarily through a network of regional chains and distributors primarily on the East Coast and the Midwest of the United States, as well as Canada and Latin America. The Company's website is www.longislandicedtea.com.Forward Looking Statements  This press release includes statements of the Company's expectations, intentions, plans and beliefs that constitute "forward looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are intended to come within the safe harbor protection provided by those sections. These statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, relate to the discussion of the Company's business strategies and its expectations concerning future operations, margins, sales, new products and brands, potential joint ventures, potential acquisitions, expenses, profitability, liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements include any statement that does not directly relate to a historical or current fact. You can also identify these and other forward-looking statements by the use of such words as "may," "will," "should," "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "thinks," "estimates," "seeks," "predicts," "could," "projects," "potential" and other similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. These forward looking statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting the Company and are subject to uncertainties, risks and factors relating to its operations and business environments, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond its control, that could cause its actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. These risks include its history of losses and expectation of further losses, its ability to expand its operations in both new and existing markets, its ability to develop or acquire new brands, its relationships with distributors, the success of its marketing activities, the effect of competition in its industry and economic and political conditions generally, including the current economic environment and markets. More information about these and other factors are described in the reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the discussions contained under the caption "Risk Factors." When considering these forward looking statements, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this press release and the reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and the Company cannot predict those events or how they may affect it. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward looking statements after the date of this press release as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by the federal securities laws.Read More1 Pacific Islands Polynesia (Tuvalu, Tokelau, Samoa, Cook Island, Society Island, Austral Island, Tonga, Marquesas Island, Mangareva, Kermadec Island, Tuamotu Archipelago, Easter Island and exclude Hawaii) Micronesia (Palau, Mariana Island, Carloine Island, Marshall Island, Kiribati) Melanesia (New Guinea, Bismark Archipelago, Soloman Island, Santa Cruz, Vanuatu, Fiji, New Caledonia) 2 Central Intelligence Agency. The World Factbook. 2017 3 Euromonitor International. "RTD Tea in New Zealand". February 2017  4 Euromonitor International. "RTD Tea in Asia Pacific". May 2017ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextBiggest Ocean Sunfish Found in New Zealand Is the First Species of Its Kind Discovered in 130 YearsNewsweekEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredWill Cabot (COG) Disappoint Investors this Earnings Season?ZacksFacebook Inc (FB) Stock Should Hit $180 After Q2 EarningsInvestorPlaceEarnings set to dominate on Wall Street as Alphabet, Hasbro reportCNBCA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredIowa firm tied to truck deaths has history of legal problemsAssociated PressChina's army looks like it's getting ready for something big to go down in North KoreaBusiness InsiderConservative media outlets are sending Trump a big warning on Jeff Sessions — and Trump is paying attentionBusiness InsiderWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredHere's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderEconomists answer, are we at full employment?Yahoo Finance VideoFacebook earnings, Fed announcement — What you need to know in markets on WednesdayYahoo FinancePeople in Heavy Debt May Be in For a Big SurpriseFreedom Debt ReliefSponsoredState Department says Secretary Tillerson is 'taking a little time off' amid tensions in the White HouseBusiness InsiderA conspiracy theory about Chipotle is gaining steamBusiness InsiderTrump Says Acting FBI Director ‘Got $700,000’ From Hillary Clinton. Is it True?k: whenever Trump feels under pressure, he plays the Hillary card. He's deranged. I loathe Clinton and he's little more than an ignorant bully. His blather, however, seems to appeal to the morons who elected him.Join the Conversation1 / 51.1k








Long Island Iced Tea Stock: Brewing Success! - Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (NASDAQ:LTEA) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Long Island Iced Tea Stock: Brewing Success!Dec.13.16 | About: Long Island (LTEA) Investor Initiatives Long only, Growth, special situations, momentumSummaryTop level management aggressively placing LTEA products.Focused on becoming a nationwide brand in 2017-18.Purchased Alo Juice brands to extend market reach.While many small and emerging companies have tried to navigate their way into the multi-billion dollar RTD beverage space, only a tiny fraction have been able to advance significantly beyond their local grocery store, a welcomed community gesture that can make a local flavor famous. Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (NASDAQ:LTEA), on the other hand, is an early and emerging success story that is brewing success on both a local and national level, well on its way to becoming a stapled brand on the Eastern corridor, with a strategic vision to stake a national claim within the multi-billion dollar beverage industry. To capitalize upon these aggressive ambitions, LTEA is leveraging upon its professional expertise, and by engineering multiple strategic and managerial initiatives that are designed to capture a sizable national footprint for its ready to drink tea and beverage products. LTEA, The Brand The first, and perhaps the most important strategic accomplishment from a branding standpoint, was to successfully trademark the iconic name "Long Island Iced Tea". No easy task, by the way, with legal teams working for over four years before being officially granted the exclusive rights and privilege to use the name. The trademark allows for LTEA to become the only ready to drink iced tea and beverage company to legally use, in any non-alcoholic product mention, the reference to Long Island Iced Tea. While some may argue that a name is just that, a name, industry experts who have a keen sense of brand and market development will argue that LTEA, with this trademark, has essentially been provided a tremendous shortcut to massive name and product recognition, the first major hurdle for emerging retailers to clear. The product name, in and of itself, has immediate name recognition on a national level, allowing LTEA to take advantage of a preconceived brand and to differentiate itself from a market that is becoming saturated with mimicked bottles and colorful but non-specific labeling and design.
 With the brand in place, LTEA then focused on assembling a top notch, well respected management team that has demonstrated a history of generating market demand and product dominance in this competitive industry. This was major accomplishment number two. Top Management At LTEA For those with entrepreneurial roots, they know that building a brand from the ground up is no easy task. Typically, ideas begin at the entrepreneurial level, where they develop a product and plan intent on making it big in the marketplace. From there, they work hard to generate brand recognition and to generate product placements in as many locations as they can, as fast as they can. If successful in that regard, the company success becomes so prolific that, in more cases than not, they can no longer keep pace with demand. In a nutshell, their success becomes their failure. It happens more times than not with early stage projects. Despite the revenue and phenomenal product placement, they ultimately crash and burn because they did not have the managerial infrastructure in place to direct the pace of growth and chart the proper strategic course. This clearly is not the case at LTEA. Senior management at LTEA is comprised of a "who's who" of business talent combining over 100 years of beverage and consumer goods experience. Philip Thomas, CEO, leads an all star cast of talent that features key industry figures from Independent Liquor, Snapple and Cadbury Schweppes, Arizona Beverage and a COO who has over 30 years of experience in building iconic brands and developing products for Keebler, Coca Cola and Thomas' English muffins. Combined, the management team at LTEA is a powerhouse lineup, each proficient at key and strategically important aspects of not only building the brand, but having the capability to scale the business quickly and without the usual hiccups associated with brand development and segment penetration. Most any company would be happy to get just one leader of this caliber, but LTEA has gone a few steps further, securing a vastly talented arsenal of experience, setting LTEA up for rapid growth in both the near and long term.
 But, let's face it, a managerial team is a huge asset, but if they don't have a great product to present to the market, eventually the magic wand runs out of juice. That won't be the case at LTEA, however. LTEA Knocking Down Barriers It's apparent that customers are showing a taste for LTEA products, evidenced by the extraordinary product trajectory that LTEA is currently experiencing. As stated earlier, it's relatively common for a local market to provide the first few product placements to maintain the community relationships; however, it's quite a different story once the company moves outside of its hometown markets. LTEA has been on a swift pace in securing product placement, with LTEA products already available in over 26 state's within the U.S.A. What makes the placement expansion that much more appreciable is that the LTEA team has been successful in aggressively penetrating one of the most competitive markets in the food and beverage industry. LTEA's ability to quickly and efficiently expand placements is where the strength and depth of management at LTEA will continue to play a significant role as the company plans its 50 state roll-out. Consumer demand is in place to support aggressive expansion by LTEA. The ready to drink tea segment (RTD) is expected to eclipse $55 billion by the year 2019. With that market already significant, it gets even larger when accounting for the steady change in consumer demand that is demonstrating a consistent shift in preference toward non-carbonated, non-cola style beverages. Industry estimates predict an approximate 6% rise in compounded annual growth for the RTD beverage category. This market, and its cumulative growth, plays well into LTEA's strategy of securing a 3.5% market share in each of the product segments that they intend to serve. This 3.5% share is already being realized in its existing market placements, making the initial goal of 3.5% share in a national market quite achievable. LTEA has already placed the brand in over 1,000 Food Lion stores, which will be stocking the shelves in December. According to senior management, the initial sale to Food Lion is the largest single sale in the company's history and sets the stage for exponential growth in the coming earnings reports that are filed with the SEC on a quarterly basis. The Food Lion sale alone will send revenues soaring year over year; however, with the company aggressively building relationships for a quick surge in placements, LTEA may very well be on the verge of announcing several strategic developments in the near future.
 The LTEA Difference Ultimately, product makes the difference. Hence, having a great product can make a great difference. LTEA is well aware of that concept, which is perhaps why the company is focused on using only top quality ingredients in all of its beverages. LTEA uses only real cane sugar, non-GMO products and includes no artificial additives of any kind in its formulations. Additionally, for its diet beverage alternatives, LTEA uses a Splenda based sweetener, standing clear from aspartame and its increasing decline in consumer preference. Utilizing the best ingredients and remaining focused on product freshness and regional accessibility, LTEA clearly understands the market well enough to develop the best products to place in specific markets and regions throughout the country. For instance, although it may seem obvious, LTEA management is focused on ensuring that a consumer gets what they desire. They understand that from a quality standpoint, when serving a customer who desires a sweet beverage, then by all means give them the best option, clean and delicious pure cane sugar. Isn't it ironic that within a multi-billion dollar industry, many RTD company executives still take the consumers preference for granted and continue to concoct formulations that are full of chemicals and artificial sweeteners? These execs are clearly ignoring the trends and shift in taste. Not true at LTEA. Management clearly recognizes the shift and is addressing the changes head on to meet both changing demand and consumer preference. I don't mean to belittle the senior management that will be competing against the LTEA product line, but it just seems that the longer some of these guys stay in place, the less creative they become. Maybe that lends good reason as to why LTEA has been able to assemble the caliber of talent that it has, being committed to meeting and exceeding customer demand without the need to save a few pennies as an obstacle. Even the slim, 18oz. bottle tells a story of distinction. With a beverage market now saturated with either the generic vita-water bottle or the flimsy bottled water replica, LTEA has designed a unique bottle design that offers ease in handling and provides easy consumption while on the move. Let's face it, most people are on the go these days, and they eat and drink on the fly. Creating a package design is about more than good looks, it needs to offer form and function that is suitable to the product. And, I believe that the LTEA team has hit a home run on both fronts.
 These guys recognized some design issues early on during the development phase of the brand and undertook an extensive evaluation process to design and implement its new labeling and packaging designs in 2016. The labels are crisp and fresh, promoting healthy images and vibrant colors that promote a healthy and natural image for the product. The fantastic part of the new labeling and design is that it can have a global reach, with easily understood graphics and symbols of quality. Global Reach For LTEA Since I touched on global, it's fitting that I mention the fact that LTEA recently purchased Alo Juice brands, in an all stock, earn out deal. LTEA will be relying on the expertise of Julio Ponce, who will serve as the VP of Southeast and Latin American sales. While Alo Juice is clearly a popular beverage that is gaining momentum throughout the United States, the primary target market for LTEA as it begins its aggressive roll out, will target the Latin customer, embarking on a mission to seize upon a revenue target of between $5 million and $10 million for the Alo and LTEA beverages in that region alone. If that primary sales goal were reached, it would represent an increase of over 300% from total company sales in 2016 alone, and when the additional counts are tallied from the remaining regions throughout the country, the growth rate for LTEA can be extremely impressive. Talking about growth is just chatter, but LTEA has the distribution channels to back up the rhetoric. LTEA has product or near product placements with Food Lion, Menards, ACME, Ingles and SuperMax, just to name a few in the U.S. market. From its foreign interests and channels, it utilizes the agreements and distribution channels built through Unique Foods in Canada, Tres Mojitas in Puerto Rico and has similar arrangements for product distribution in Bermuda and Honduras. The good news in all of these channels is that LTEA is just now becoming aggressive in taking advantage of every inch of shelf space available that makes both economic and strategic sense to develop. Thus, the growth in these markets is not anywhere near being fully matured.
 National And Global Reach Brews Revenue From the revenue perspective, LTEA is delivering exceptional growth. Since the company formally launched its product sales in 2014, LTEA has generated year-over-year growth in excess of 214% as of the 3Q of 2016. This takes into account the seasonal fluctuations within the RTD tea segment, yet, at the end of the day, the trend line is strong and is clearly moving from the lower left corner of the chart higher to the top right corner. And, with the company poised to add additional product placement in the coming weeks and months, the chart may have a blow out to the upside once the company is able to report the progress. With just under 8 million shares outstanding, it won't take much in the way of buying pressure to drive the current $4.71 per share price substantially higher. Take into consideration the $1.7 billion, all cash deal, that Dr Pepper Snapple (NYSE:DPS) paid to Bai Brands, providing a 7X multiple to expected 2017 revenues. That deal was backed up by another high multiple deal when Pepsi (NYSE:PEP) paid KeVita roughly $250 million to take over its $60 million company, providing them with a 4.2X price against revenue. These deals demonstrate two things. First, the market is still hungry for acquisition targets and two, the multiples being paid are quite healthy. If we look at these two case studies as examples, LTEA is already trading under its relative value if it was to be acquired today. However, if the projected revenue of between $10-$25 million is reached by LTEA within the next two years, the share price becomes grossly undervalued. LTEA Making Its Presence Known Already, LTEA is making its presence known in several local markets in the Eastern region, commanding a 3.5% market share in the chain stores that currently market the LTEA brands. Suggesting that the LTEA team can continue to generate the same 3.5% market share, which is its short-term goal, LTEA can generate revenue in excess of over $180 million in the U.S. alone and over $270 million on a global scale. Then provide the 4X multiple if a suitor came hopping toward LTEA headquarters and the price tag for the company could well exceed $80 per share. These hypotheticals are based on a 3.5% market share of the $55 billion market.
 Listen, this is not a pie in the sky number. LTEA is generating both sales and momentum. Then, once that momentum is coupled with a seasoned and deeply experienced management team, the goal of meeting a 3.5% penetration rate is a very manageable goal. My analysis leads me to believe that no member of this management team would be willing to make a career move that brings with it the potential for years of development processes and trial and error placement decisions. LTEA management came together on this venture because they have a fantastic product with exceptional growth potential for worldwide development, acquisition and licensing deals for several of its unique brands. The immediate potential for LTEA is to take advantage of the low hanging fruit, that being the RTD tea and Alo beverages. Beyond that, I expect that the company will further advance its product lineup to include alcoholic beverages in their product mix within the next twelve to eighteen months. That figure alone, based on industry estimates of over $200 billion a year in "ready to drink" sales, can undoubtedly add explosive revenue to an already blossoming revenue base. While the addition of alcoholic beverages may not be too far down the road, investors should clearly focus on the undervalued proposition that LTEA offers investors at these current levels. Then, consider the addition of alcohol based products a windfall. Until I see a reason to expect otherwise, I am giving this seasoned team more than the benefit of the doubt that they will be successful on targeted strategic fronts and will deliver substantial shareholder value to investors. While no investment should be made with the expectation that short-term results will lead to an overnight run in the stock price, investors should be aware that LTEA has such a tiny public float of shares, that if LTEA does surprise on an earnings front, the laws of supply and demand can easily take the stock price significantly higher. And, if investors focus on a 4X revenue multiple that has been paid to two similar companies in 2016, they can remain grounded to what an appropriate valuation may be and react to trading that provides either under or over valuations. Hence, if LTEA delivers revenue results in excess of $20 million in 2018 and can maintain its outstanding share count at 10 million shares or less, LTEA should be able to almost double in price from its current level. However, if management executes on their aggressive placement strategy, the revenue numbers can far exceed the $20 million full year 2018 target that I believe LTEA can already reach.
 Investors need to stay focused as to what is transpiring at the company headquarters and should pay close attention to revenue reports, forward guidance and additional vendor relationships that I believe may soon be announced. Although I only know as much as the next shrewd investor, I know a little about reading between the lines and doing the diligence required to catch a rising star before it makes it to full orbit. With LTEA having an outstanding product line, boosted by a significantly talented management team that has proven their ability to get things done on schedule, the window for investors to catch LTEA at these levels may soon be closing. From the public documents that I have read, I expect some significant announcements within the next three to six weeks, ones that will demonstrate the power and capability of both brand and management. And, if I am correct in my prognostications, LTEA investors may fare very well in the near to medium term.
Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
Editor's Note: This article covers one or more stocks trading at less than $1 per share and/or with less than a $100 million market cap. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.About this article:ExpandTagged: Investing Ideas, Long Ideas, Consumer Goods, Dairy ProductsWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Investor Initiatives and get email alerts





Stock Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Stock IdeasDryShips: Look Out BelowDRYS• Today, 9:52 PM • Bill MaurerMannKind: Assessing The Insurance Landscape For AfrezzaMNKD• Today, 9:22 PM • Spencer Osborne•3 CommentsADMA Biologics Follows Up On RI-002ADMA• Today, 9:17 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentHerbalife: Shareholders Should Take Profits NowHLF• Today, 9:06 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•6 CommentsAlbemarle: The Lithium JuggernautALB• Today, 8:47 PM • The Lithium Spot•3 CommentsCommercial Bank RBB Bancorp Prepares For IPORBB• Today, 7:04 PM • Don Dion•1 CommentGazprom Is Ridiculously CheapGZPFY, OGZPY• Today, 6:44 PM • Hendrik Reimers•1 CommentIf Energy Rebounds, Which S&P 500 Stocks Have Highest Short-Term Potential?COG, MPC, VLO• Today, 6:30 PM • Ivan LingvayDon't Lose The Faith In ShireSHPG• Today, 5:33 PM • HealthBlogger'Sparks' A-Flyin'ONCE• Today, 5:28 PM • Strong BioA Tesla Bull And Bear Debate: 50% Upside Or 50% Downside?TSLA• Today, 5:26 PM • Hedgeye•42 CommentsMid-Con Energy Q2 2017 ForecastMCEP• Today, 5:25 PM • JSG_DRIP•15 CommentsCelgene: Gearing Up For New HighsCELG• Today, 4:36 PM • Taylor Dart•7 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 25, 2017CELG, NVCR, PFE• Today, 4:33 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•2 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Today, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•2 CommentsNektar Makes A Stride Forward In Resolving Autoimmune DiseasesNKTR• Today, 4:10 PM • Long Term BioGazprom - Value Or Value Trap?OGZPY, GZPFY• Today, 4:05 PM • Sven Carlin•14 CommentsWhat Does Hibbett's Horrible Quarter Say About Foot Locker?FL• Today, 4:02 PM • Detroit Bear•4 CommentsAralez: A Quick Overview Of The Investment ThesisARLZ• Today, 3:56 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•6 CommentsWayfair: It's Getting Much Less Crowded After The Recent Run UpW• Today, 3:56 PM • Dan Stringer•9 CommentsCameco: Uranium Rebound PlayCCJ• Today, 3:49 PM • Samuel Smith•36 CommentsWill We Get A Monarch Earnings Surprise?MCRI• Today, 3:37 PM • Howard Jay Klein•2 CommentsPhillips 66: Get Ready For An Upside Breakout On A Strong Q2 ReportEditors' Pick • PSX• Today, 3:35 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•16 CommentsMorgan Stanley: Still Very CheapMS• Today, 3:31 PM • The First Mover•2 CommentsUltragenyx More Than Meets The Eye?RARE• Today, 3:03 PM • Strong BioPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Today, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsVerastem Shows Long-Term Potential With Strong DYNAMO DataVSTM• Today, 2:49 PM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Sector Meanders In Front Of EarningsAIMT, CBAY, CUR• Today, 2:22 PM • Bret Jensen•8 CommentsWestport Fuel Systems: Consensus EBIT Estimates Miss The MarkWPRT• Today, 2:22 PM • Eric R. I. Crawford•9 CommentsAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•9 CommentsSkechers USA: A Story Of Belief; Stock Could Appreciate Over 25%SKX• Today, 2:06 PM • Jared Orr•5 CommentsIs California Eliminating Incentives For All Teslas?TSLA• Today, 2:05 PM • Donn Bailey•62 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAudacious Reaction To Domino'sDPZ• Today, 1:24 PM • Quad 7 Capital•7 CommentsVenator Materials Readies $477 Million IPO From HuntsmanVNTR• Today, 1:18 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Today, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•10 CommentsDespite The Dominance, Don't Get Too Comfortable With Big Tech StocksFB, AAPL, AMZN• Today, 12:47 PM • Shareholders Unite•4 CommentsSnap-on: The Market Rightfully Discounts Current MarginsSNA• Today, 12:35 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAmerican Shared Hospital Services: Solid Core Earnings And Exciting Growth Potential Offer ValueAMS• Today, 12:33 PM • Richard Greulich Jr., CFA•2 CommentsHas The CSX Story Ended?CSX• Today, 12:13 PM • Jonathan Weber•4 Comments9 Great Investment Ideas For 2017 - Q2 ReportAAPL, NXP, T• Today, 12:11 PM • Bram de Haas•19 CommentsAlibaba Firing On All CylindersBABA• Today, 12:05 PM • Jonathan Faison•20 CommentsPVH - Thriving In A Difficult EnvironmentPVH• Today, 11:40 AM • Kenra Investors•1 CommentCisco Is A Gamble That Might Pay OffCSCO• Today, 11:37 AM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsLamb Weston: What More Can You Ask For?LW• Today, 11:37 AM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsIntelliPharmaCeutics International - Very Low Downside And Huge UpsideIPCI• Today, 11:33 AM • Philip Mause•11 CommentsAs August 1st Brings Calm To Crypto, Now Is The Time To Buy EtherGBTC, COIN• Today, 11:32 AM • Freedonia Freelance•2 CommentsFreeport-McMoRan: The Fight For SurvivalFCX• Today, 11:29 AM • Quad 7 Capital•20 CommentsGM Cruises Through The Second QuarterGM• Today, 11:27 AM • Samuel Smith•9 CommentsNew Docs Undermine Government's Legal Defense Of GSE NWSFNMA, FMCC• Today, 11:18 AM • Glen Bradford•81 CommentsBrokerage Or Tech Firm? Redfin's Valuation Requires The LatterRDFN• Today, 11:07 AM • David Trainer•2 CommentsSmall Cap Trading At Large Discount To Book ValueASFI• Today, 10:46 AM • Christopher Speetzen•4 CommentsGilead Puts Up The Good Fight Once AgainGILD• Today, 10:10 AM • Long Term Bio•11 CommentsIs Aratana Your Porfolio's Best Friend?PETX• Today, 10:06 AM • Strong Bio•3 CommentsFerrari Sells Veblen Goods, Not CarsRACE• Today, 9:58 AM • Ensemble CapitalBank Of America: Comparing Management Performance To JPMorgan, Citigroup And Wells FargoBAC• Today, 9:52 AM • Chris B Murphy•2 CommentsCal-Maine Foods - Challenging Conditions PrevailCALM• Today, 9:48 AM • The Value Investor•9 CommentsRedfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?RDFN• Today, 9:41 AM • Fish and TipsLong Dillard's On Potential For 'Infinity Squeeze'Editors' Pick • DDS• Today, 9:40 AM • Richard Pearson•32 CommentsMacy's: This One Is For Contrarian Bargain HuntersM• Today, 9:37 AM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•3 CommentsBB&T: Buy This Bank Before It Becomes A PowerhouseBBT• Today, 9:24 AM • Orlando Vega•4 CommentsNestlé And Associated British Foods Are Tasty Investment MorselsNSRGY, ASBFY• Today, 9:22 AM • Dr. Harold Goldmeier•6 CommentsCobalt Miners News For The Month Of July 2017ARRRF, BAR, BHP• Today, 9:16 AM • Matt Bohlsen•8 CommentsThis Unknown Growth Play From The Food Industry Offers A Great Value PropositionIVFH• Today, 8:41 AM • Value Digger•4 CommentsHere's How I'm Managing My Long-Term Position In Home DepotHD• Today, 8:20 AM • James Sands•11 CommentsBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Today, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•14 CommentsIs Facebook Exaggerating User Growth And Is That A Threat To Its Valuation?FB• Today, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•49 CommentsScreaming Buy - Las Vegas SandsLVS• Today, 7:56 AM • Leo Nelissen•25 CommentsGame Plan For The Week - Cramer's Mad Money (7/24/17)CAT, MMM, UTX• Today, 7:43 AM • SA Editor Mohit ManghnaniUnion Pacific: Driving Toward Our Worst-Case ValuationUNP• Today, 7:39 AM • Erik Kobayashi-Solomon•20 CommentsBoeing 787 Needs Aggressive Cost CuttingBA• Today, 7:00 AM • Dhierin Bechai•17 CommentsProcter & Gamble: Pretty GoodPG• Today, 6:45 AM • Marc Gerstein•1 CommentBuyer's Remorse Part II: The Pakistani Coup D'EtatPCMI• Today, 6:32 AM • Rota FortunaeTheMaven Updates Large Insider Share RegistrationMVEN• Today, 6:09 AM • Donovan Jones•2 CommentsCoty, Inc.: Getting Serious About China Through E-CommerceCOTY• Today, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•6 Comments123456...2522Next Page





Long Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Long IdeasADMA Biologics Follows Up On RI-002ADMA• Today, 9:17 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentHerbalife: Shareholders Should Take Profits NowHLF• Today, 9:06 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•7 CommentsAlbemarle: The Lithium JuggernautALB• Today, 8:47 PM • The Lithium Spot•3 CommentsGazprom Is Ridiculously CheapGZPFY, OGZPY• Today, 6:44 PM • Hendrik Reimers•1 CommentDon't Lose The Faith In ShireSHPG• Today, 5:33 PM • HealthBlogger'Sparks' A-Flyin'ONCE• Today, 5:28 PM • Strong BioMid-Con Energy Q2 2017 ForecastMCEP• Today, 5:25 PM • JSG_DRIP•15 CommentsCelgene: Gearing Up For New HighsCELG• Today, 4:36 PM • Taylor Dart•7 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Today, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•2 CommentsNektar Makes A Stride Forward In Resolving Autoimmune DiseasesNKTR• Today, 4:10 PM • Long Term BioWhat Does Hibbett's Horrible Quarter Say About Foot Locker?FL• Today, 4:02 PM • Detroit Bear•4 CommentsAralez: A Quick Overview Of The Investment ThesisARLZ• Today, 3:56 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•6 CommentsCameco: Uranium Rebound PlayCCJ• Today, 3:49 PM • Samuel Smith•36 CommentsWill We Get A Monarch Earnings Surprise?MCRI• Today, 3:37 PM • Howard Jay Klein•2 CommentsPhillips 66: Get Ready For An Upside Breakout On A Strong Q2 ReportEditors' Pick • PSX• Today, 3:35 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•16 CommentsMorgan Stanley: Still Very CheapMS• Today, 3:31 PM • The First Mover•2 CommentsUltragenyx More Than Meets The Eye?RARE• Today, 3:03 PM • Strong BioPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Today, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsWestport Fuel Systems: Consensus EBIT Estimates Miss The MarkWPRT• Today, 2:22 PM • Eric R. I. Crawford•9 CommentsAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•9 CommentsSkechers USA: A Story Of Belief; Stock Could Appreciate Over 25%SKX• Today, 2:06 PM • Jared Orr•5 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAudacious Reaction To Domino'sDPZ• Today, 1:24 PM • Quad 7 Capital•7 CommentsHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Today, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•10 CommentsAmerican Shared Hospital Services: Solid Core Earnings And Exciting Growth Potential Offer ValueAMS• Today, 12:33 PM • Richard Greulich Jr., CFA•2 CommentsHas The CSX Story Ended?CSX• Today, 12:13 PM • Jonathan Weber•4 CommentsAlibaba Firing On All CylindersBABA• Today, 12:05 PM • Jonathan Faison•20 CommentsPVH - Thriving In A Difficult EnvironmentPVH• Today, 11:40 AM • Kenra Investors•1 CommentCisco Is A Gamble That Might Pay OffCSCO• Today, 11:37 AM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsLamb Weston: What More Can You Ask For?LW• Today, 11:37 AM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsIntelliPharmaCeutics International - Very Low Downside And Huge UpsideIPCI• Today, 11:33 AM • Philip Mause•11 CommentsAs August 1st Brings Calm To Crypto, Now Is The Time To Buy EtherGBTC, COIN• Today, 11:32 AM • Freedonia Freelance•2 CommentsFreeport-McMoRan: The Fight For SurvivalFCX• Today, 11:29 AM • Quad 7 Capital•20 CommentsGM Cruises Through The Second QuarterGM• Today, 11:27 AM • Samuel Smith•9 CommentsNew Docs Undermine Government's Legal Defense Of GSE NWSFNMA, FMCC• Today, 11:18 AM • Glen Bradford•81 CommentsSmall Cap Trading At Large Discount To Book ValueASFI• Today, 10:46 AM • Christopher Speetzen•4 CommentsIs Aratana Your Porfolio's Best Friend?PETX• Today, 10:06 AM • Strong Bio•3 CommentsFerrari Sells Veblen Goods, Not CarsRACE• Today, 9:58 AM • Ensemble CapitalBank Of America: Comparing Management Performance To JPMorgan, Citigroup And Wells FargoBAC• Today, 9:52 AM • Chris B Murphy•2 CommentsLong Dillard's On Potential For 'Infinity Squeeze'Editors' Pick • DDS• Today, 9:40 AM • Richard Pearson•32 CommentsMacy's: This One Is For Contrarian Bargain HuntersM• Today, 9:37 AM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•3 CommentsBB&T: Buy This Bank Before It Becomes A PowerhouseBBT• Today, 9:24 AM • Orlando Vega•4 CommentsNestlé And Associated British Foods Are Tasty Investment MorselsNSRGY, ASBFY• Today, 9:22 AM • Dr. Harold Goldmeier•6 CommentsThis Unknown Growth Play From The Food Industry Offers A Great Value PropositionIVFH• Today, 8:41 AM • Value Digger•4 CommentsScreaming Buy - Las Vegas SandsLVS• Today, 7:56 AM • Leo Nelissen•25 CommentsProcter & Gamble: Pretty GoodPG• Today, 6:45 AM • Marc Gerstein•1 CommentCoty, Inc.: Getting Serious About China Through E-CommerceCOTY• Today, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•6 CommentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Today, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•11 CommentsIs Teranga Gold Still A Solid Growth Stock?TGCDF• Today, 5:27 AM • Gold Mining Bull•9 CommentsTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Today, 5:16 AM • Prasanna Rajagopal•6 CommentsFarmland Partners Inc. Is Poised For Long-Term GrowthFPI• Today, 4:53 AM • Nicholas Klemm•3 CommentsVisa: We Called $100V• Today, 2:24 AM • RobinhoodStrategy•10 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Today, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•10 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Yesterday, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•4 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Yesterday, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•6 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Yesterday, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•69 CommentsMalone's Trading Record Bodes Well For Liberty Latin AmericaLILA, LILAK• Yesterday, 8:56 PM • Global Value Scanner•6 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Yesterday, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•13 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Yesterday, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•6 CommentsWhat To Look For In Magellan Midstream Partners' Results For Q2 2017MMP• Yesterday, 7:03 PM • Ron HiramGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Yesterday, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•7 CommentsTesla, Batteries And Mobility: A Challenge For AutomakersTSLA• Yesterday, 6:40 PM • Carmi Turchick•162 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 CommentsArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•17 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Yesterday, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•21 CommentsVisa - Unphased By Economic 'Bad News'V• Yesterday, 4:05 PM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Yesterday, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•35 CommentsThis Is When CALM Will SoarCALM• Yesterday, 3:42 PM • Christiaan Casper•11 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•19 CommentsI Think Gilead Is Worth More than $86 Per ShareGILD• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Stephen Barnes•68 CommentsYY, Inc.: Better Than Momo?YY• Yesterday, 3:19 PM • Focus Equity•11 CommentsFiat Chrysler Leveraging Its Brands Under MarchionneFCAU• Yesterday, 3:14 PM • Nick Cox•1 CommentALR's Stock Of The Week: Interface Inc.TILE• Yesterday, 3:10 PM • Paul Price•4 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Yesterday, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•80 CommentsFoot Locker: Its Time To BuyFL• Yesterday, 2:56 PM • L&F Capital Management•26 Comments123456...1576Next Page





Consumer Goods and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Consumer Goods and Retail StocksA Tesla Bull And Bear Debate: 50% Upside Or 50% Downside?TSLA• Today, 5:26 PM • Hedgeye•42 CommentsCarlisle Companies Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCSL• Today, 4:34 PM • SA TranscriptsColgate-Palmolive: Time To Move OnCL• Today, 4:29 PM • Josh Arnold•5 CommentsHasbro: Buy On The Drop?HAS• Today, 4:22 PM • Kumquat Research•1 CommentGeneral Motors Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGM• Today, 3:58 PM • SA TranscriptsKimberly-Clark Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKMB• Today, 3:57 PM • SA TranscriptsFord/GM Investors Should Sell Now: Ridesharing Will Soon Penetrate Suburbs, Devastate DividendsF, GM• Today, 3:54 PM • Max Greve•61 CommentsDaimler: An Unexpected Income StockDMLRY• Today, 3:12 PM • The Outsider•6 CommentsV.F. Corp.: Q2 Results Show Power Of BrandsVFC• Today, 2:50 PM • Stone Fox Capital•1 CommentiRobot Trying To Transition To An Information Business - ImplicationsIRBT• Today, 2:42 PM • Gary Bourgeault•1 CommentFibria Celulose S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFBR• Today, 2:36 PM • SA TranscriptsSkechers USA: A Story Of Belief; Stock Could Appreciate Over 25%SKX• Today, 2:06 PM • Jared Orr•5 CommentsIs California Eliminating Incentives For All Teslas?TSLA• Today, 2:05 PM • Donn Bailey•62 CommentsDon't Worry About The Decline In Sedan Sales: SUVs And Pickup Trucks Are Making Up For ItF, FCAU, GM• Today, 12:11 PM • Anton Wahlman•18 CommentsVF Corporation Still Belongs In My PortfolioVFC• Today, 12:03 PM • Walter Zelezniak Jr•10 CommentsGraphic Packaging Holding Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGPK• Today, 11:57 AM • SA TranscriptsPVH - Thriving In A Difficult EnvironmentPVH• Today, 11:40 AM • Kenra Investors•1 CommentLamb Weston: What More Can You Ask For?LW• Today, 11:37 AM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsGM Cruises Through The Second QuarterGM• Today, 11:27 AM • Samuel Smith•9 CommentsGM: They Can't All Be WinnersGM• Today, 10:50 AM • Quad 7 Capital•2 CommentsJAKKS Pacific, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesJAKK• Today, 10:47 AM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsFerrari Sells Veblen Goods, Not CarsRACE• Today, 9:58 AM • Ensemble CapitalCal-Maine Foods - Challenging Conditions PrevailCALM• Today, 9:48 AM • The Value Investor•9 CommentsGM: A 'Not Bad' QuarterGM• Today, 9:39 AM • Celeritas Investments•12 CommentsProcter & Gamble: Get Ready For An Earnings SurprisePG• Today, 9:30 AM • Stefan Redlich•8 CommentsNestlé And Associated British Foods Are Tasty Investment MorselsNSRGY, ASBFY• Today, 9:22 AM • Dr. Harold Goldmeier•6 CommentsWessanen N.V. Koninklijke 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKJWNF• Today, 8:30 AM • SA TranscriptsWill Tesla's Balance Sheet End Its Dreams?TSLA• Today, 8:16 AM • ValueAnalyst•187 CommentsSensata Technologies Holding N.V. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesST• Today, 8:06 AM • SA TranscriptsProcter & Gamble: Pretty GoodPG• Today, 6:45 AM • Marc Gerstein•1 CommentI Sit On This Dividend Champion And Enjoy My DividendsPM• Today, 6:42 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•16 CommentsCoty, Inc.: Getting Serious About China Through E-CommerceCOTY• Today, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•6 CommentsTesla: The 'Ludicrous' Demand Growth Of Model STSLA• Today, 2:39 AM • BEV Consulting•60 CommentsPhilip Morris: The Good Bad QuarterPM• Yesterday, 10:02 PM • Bill Maurer•9 CommentsTesla's Attempts To Raid California Coffers Unlikely To Be FruitfulTSLA• Yesterday, 7:36 PM • EnerTuition•167 CommentsTesla, Batteries And Mobility: A Challenge For AutomakersTSLA• Yesterday, 6:40 PM • Carmi Turchick•162 CommentsBracing For General Motors' EarningsGM• Yesterday, 4:12 PM • Josh Arnold•6 CommentsThis Is When CALM Will SoarCALM• Yesterday, 3:42 PM • Christiaan Casper•11 CommentsFiat Chrysler Leveraging Its Brands Under MarchionneFCAU• Yesterday, 3:14 PM • Nick Cox•1 CommentHasbro Deserves Your AttentionHAS• Yesterday, 2:12 PM • L&F Capital Management•3 CommentsFive Below Is A Strong Buy In The Long RunFIVE• Yesterday, 2:09 PM • Kush Patel•2 CommentsThe Dawn Of The Tesla SmugglerTSLA• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Anton Wahlman•200 CommentsTesla Is Already Winning - Just Not In The Way A Lot Of Investors Want Or ExpectTSLA• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • FundamentalSpeculation.IO•57 CommentsTesla Maintains Strong Market Share Despite Onslaught Of CompetitionTSLA• Yesterday, 12:53 PM • Siddharth Dalal•204 CommentsTesla Now On The ClockTSLA• Yesterday, 12:48 PM • Bill Maurer•72 CommentsDaily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/21/17: S&W Seed, Lands' End, Old Line BancsharesSANW• Yesterday, 11:46 AM • InsiderInsightsCal Maine: Dire SituationCALM• Yesterday, 11:13 AM • Quad 7 Capital•14 CommentsFilthy Reaction To HasbroHAS• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • Quad 7 Capital•6 CommentsGermany's Alleged Auto Cartel Is In A Deadly SpiralAUDVF, BMWYY, DDAIF• Yesterday, 10:11 AM • Growth And Value•16 CommentsHasbro, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHAS• Yesterday, 8:49 AM • SA TranscriptsGeneral Motors Q2 Earnings: Two Metrics You Should Care AboutGM• Yesterday, 8:45 AM • General Expert•18 CommentsLululemon Needs To Step Up Its YOGA Pants GameLULU• Yesterday, 6:41 AM • Goddess Diogenes•17 CommentsHarley-Davidson - Lack Of Catalysts Keeps Me On The SidelinesHOG• Yesterday, 5:44 AM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsHarley-Davidson: Riding Off Into The SunsetHOG• Yesterday, 5:15 AM • Da Shi Research•4 CommentsHershey: Overpriced And OverleveragedHSY• Yesterday, 5:11 AM • Samuel Smith•13 CommentsGeneral Motors - Earnings Preview For 2nd Quarter 2017GM• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:42 PM • Brent A. Miller•10 CommentsLa-Z-Boy Forges Onward After Falling Short On Growth PlanLZB• Sun, Jul. 23, 5:25 AM • Underanalyzed EquitiesI Am Loving My Dividends From Philip MorrisPM• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:51 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•36 CommentsUnder Armour: Under Duress?UA, UAA• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:24 AM • D.M. Martins Research•15 CommentsTime To Be More Tolerant For This Growth Dairy Stock?SAPIF• Sat, Jul. 22, 5:26 AM • Brad MacIntoshEstimating ANFI's FY 2018 Margins And EarningsANFI• Sat, Jul. 22, 12:49 AM • Sven Carlin•16 CommentsNorthsight Capital Makes Cannabis Stocks Look BadNCAP• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:59 PM • Debra Borchardt•3 CommentsCoca-Cola: Where Does It End?KO• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:04 PM • Josh Arnold•20 CommentsPhilip Morris Q2 Earnings Summary: What You Need To KnowPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:52 PM • ValueAnalyst•22 CommentsTesla's South Australia Battery Deal Shows Why The Company Is Not An Energy CompanyTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:30 PM • EnerTuition•326 CommentsSkechers Looks Good Into 2018SKX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:19 PM • L&F Capital Management•8 CommentsDaily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/20/17: NAV, OLBK, SKIS, SHLO, TWNNAV• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:38 PM • InsiderInsightsAutomakers Invest In Nauto's $159 Million Financing RoundGM• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:37 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentAutonomous Driving Leaps Forward, Leaving Tesla BehindTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:14 PM • Donn Bailey•324 CommentsHotel California: Why Tesla Can Check Out Any Time It Likes, But It Can Never LeaveTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:13 PM • Trapping Value•166 CommentsVanguard Prepares To Destroy The S&P 500 AgainVDC• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:02 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•23 CommentsBurberry: Still Undervalued As It Builds Up To A Potentially Improved 2018?Editors' Pick • BURBY• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:00 AM • Dividend Drive•1 CommentAltria: Dividend Is Safe...For NowMO• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:11 AM • Josh Arnold•37 CommentsThe Dividend Stock Bubble Has Claimed Another VictimPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:04 AM • Josh Arnold•30 CommentsValue Trap: Adient Plc's Contradicting Growth OutlookADNT• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:19 AM • Centaur Investments•5 Comments123456...435Next Page





 



Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces Big Geyser Distribution Partnership - BevNET.com






 













 

































































BevNET



 

]">

 








Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces Big Geyser Distribution Partnership

Press Release Apr. 19, 2017 at 2:58 pm









        More 











HICKSVILLE, NY — (April 19, 2017) – Long Island Iced Tea Corp. has signed a long-term strategic distribution agreement with Big Geyser, the largest independent non-alcoholic beverage distributor in metro New York.
Big Geyser will be the exclusive distributor of the Company’s flagship iced tea and lemonade with a splash of tea 18 oz. bottle products in the metro New York region. The new partnership will become effective on April 24, 2017 and cover the five boroughs of NYC, Westchester, Putnam, Nassau and Suffolk counties.


“Big Geyser is the single strongest distributor in the New York metropolitan market and we are proud to join their dynamic portfolio of iconic brands,” said CEO Philip Thomas. “This partnership is transformational in having the potential to increase our metro New York footprint by over ten times to 25,000 doors, and allow us to restructure our business and focus on building our brands alongside Big Geyser. As a founder of Long Island Iced Tea Corp., it has always been my desire to deliver premium beverages to consumers at an affordable price. I believe the distribution through Big Geyser of our non-GMO premium tea, together with our recently launched lemonade with a splash of tea, will see this desire become a reality in the New York area.”
About Big Geyser
Big Geyser has been building brands in New York since 1986 and has a distribution footprint of over 25,000 doors, servicing accounts in all channels of trade throughout the 5 boroughs of NYC, Westchester, Putnam, Nassau and Suffolk counties. Founded by Irving Hershkowitz, a legend in the New York beverage world, Big Geyser started as a small operation and has transformed into one of the largest distributors of premium non-alcoholic beverages and snacks in the country. For more information about Big Geyser, please visit www.biggeyser.com.
About Long Island Iced Tea Corp.
Headquartered in Long Island, NY, Long Island Iced Tea Corp. operates in the non-alcohol ready-to-drink segment of the beverage industry. The Company’s flagship brand ‘The Original Long Island Brand Iced Tea®’, together with ‘The Original Long Island Brand LemonadeTM’ are marketed as premium beverages made with non-GMO ingredients. The company also imports and markets ‘ALO Juice®’ a functional Aloe Vera based beverage. The Company’s portfolio of premium brands sits within the ‘better-for-you’ category of the beverage industry, and are offered to consumers at an affordable price, reflecting the Company’s mission. Its beverages are sold primarily through a network of regional chains and distributors primarily on the East Coast and the Midwest of the United States, as well as Canada and Latin America. The Company’s website is www.longislandicedtea.com.
 
 









 



Latest News









				Val Stalowir Named Reed’s CEO			


 







				Distribution Roundup: Roar, L.A. Libations Partner			


 







				Caribe Opens New Production Facility			


 

 







Marketplace










Private Label Energy Shots & Drinks - Beverage ...


 


 


Featured Jobs










East Bay Craft Cider Sales Representative - Gol...


 








Sacramento Craft Cider Sales Representative - G...


 








Packaging Assistant Manager, Canning  - Deschut...


 








Territory Sales Representative - Florida - Lord...


 








Internal Distributors, Route Specific - Fresh B...


 








Sales Account Administrator  - Groundwork Coffee


 


 


Additional News









							TemperPack Raises $10M						


 







							First Beverage Closes $64M Second Fund						


 







							Taste Radio Ep. 67: Condiments and Culture						


 







							Review: Lion Dandelion Teas						


 








Beverage Industry Jobs



Field Market Manager - The Saint Louis Brewery/Schlafly Beer
East Bay Craft Cider Sales Representative - Golden State Cider
Sacramento Craft Cider Sales Representative - Golden State Cider
Part-time On Premise Activation Specialist - Fayetteville, AR - Inspira Marketing






Subscribe to BevNET's Daily Newsletter









Recent Articles




Features
Newswire
Spirits
Beer





Val Stalowir Named Reed’s CEO
Distribution Roundup: Roar, L.A. Libations Partner
Caribe Seeks Growth With New Production Facility
TemperPack Raises $10M To Upset Packaging Industry
First Beverage Closes $64M Second Fund
Taste Radio Ep. 67: Sir Kensington’s Scott Norton Talks Condiments and Culture
Review: Lion Dandelion Teas




AquaNew’s Watt-Ahh Releases Commemorative Anniversary 1L Bottles
Gatorade Vets Andy Horrow and Sue Wellington Join Protein2O
Blossom Water Enters More Than 750 New Stores
Ecuadorian Healing Water, WanKu, Launches in U.S.
Jin+Ja Expands Into Plant-Based Nutrition with Super Greens Line
Crystal Pepsi Throwback Tour A Tribute to ’90s Nostalgia
Let’s Get Good! Clean Energy Drink Debuts




Rebecca Creek Distillery Announces $15 Million Raised In Capital
Cuba Libre and Paloma Now Available in Clubtails Especial Cocktail in a Can
Uncle Nearest 1856 Premium Whiskey Launches in Portland
Albany Distilling Re-Releases Tenth Pin Apple Brandy
Constellation Brands Elects Susan Somersille Johnson to Board
Glen Moray Celebrates 120th Anniversary with Special Release
Copper & Kings American Brandy Co. Launches Destillaré Liqueurs Orange Curaçao




Fat Head’s Breaks Ground on Expanded $12 Million Brewery
Mother Earth Announces Expanded Distribution in Oregon
Hi-Wire Brewing Announces 2017 Fall Seasonals and Specialties
Lord Hobo Expands Distribution to Florida with Cavalier Distributing
Pabst Releases Small Town Brewery Not Your Father’s Mountain Ale
Rahr & Sons Brewing Co. Adds Distribution in Kansas and Nebraska
Ithaca Beer Releasing Box of Hops 8 Packs








Upcoming Events








BevNET Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Dec 4 - 5, 2017




 






NOSH Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • November 30, 2017




 






Brewbound Session Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Nov. 29, 2017




 








BevNET.com



 
 




















Follow Us:








Free E-Newsletters:


 BevNET Daily


 Project NOSH (Natural Food)


 Brewbound.com (Craft Beer)




 


BevNET Beverage School is an on-demand, video-based learning tool and online community designed for entrepreneurs and newcomers to the food and beverage industry.

 


Click to View Current Issue
Published 8x per year, BevNET Magazine is the leading industry magazine for analysis of trends, innovation, marketing, and product development.

 


The BevNET Podcast is now Taste Radio, the podcast for the beverage, food and beer industries. New episodes every Friday.












Long Island Iced Tea Official Website - Long Island Iced Tea Products














































Long Island Iced Tea Official Website




 










 Basic Standard Compliant Channels $50 Completely synergize resource taxing relationships via premier market
1 GB of space
Support at $25/hour
Sign Up


 








 Premium Standard Compliant Channels $100 Completely synergize resource taxing relationships via premier market
10 GB of space
Support at $15/hour
Sign Up


 








 Platinum Standard Compliant Channels $250 Completely synergize resource taxing relationships via premier market
30 GB of space
Support at $5/hour
Sign Up


 





 










 



































 

















 
Long Island Iced Tea all starts with our premium, hand-picked tea leaves and a brewing process that results in a light, memorable taste. Add to that all-natural fruit flavor, non GMO ingredients and a pinch of pure cane sugar, and you have one seriously thirst quenching drink.
 






















 
Peach 


Hey, y'all. We aren't Southern, but our Peach Iced Tea sure makes us feel that way. Juicy and perfectly sweet (Mawmaw would approve), it's refreshing enough for the dog days of summer and delicious enough for the whole gosh darn year. We think it tastes mighty fine with a buttery biscuit and spicy fried chicken.

Ingredients: Brewed Black Tea using filtered water, Cane Sugar, Natural Flavor, Citric Acid
 



 





 
Mango 



We traveled to the tropics to make our delectable Mango Iced Tea. Delicately blending the often called “super fruit” with black tea makes for a “Super Long Island Iced Tea.” Just open the cap and inhale the exotic aroma and sip the tropical sweetness...close your eyes and be transported to the tropics.
 
 
Ingredients: Brewed Black Tea using filtered water, Cane Sugar, Natural Flavor, Citric Acid, Malic Acid
 



 





 
Lemon 



You know how really awful cars are described as "lemons"? We've never understood that either. When you get down to it, lemons are pretty wonderful. We mix our freshly brewed black tea with a splash of lemon flavoring and a dash of pure cane sugar for a slightly sour, slightly sweet taste that's as memorable as the first day of summer.   
    
Ingredients: Brewed Black Tea using filtered water, Cane Sugar, Natural Flavor, Citric Acid



 





 
Sweet Tea 



Known as the signature drink of the southern, a tall glass of sweet iced tea goes with everything – it’s just perfect for porch sitting on a sizzling summer day. 
For those who’ve grown up with it, sweet tea is pure cold comfort, the condensation cooling your fingers while the sweet taste melts in your mouth...it is time to try it for yourself!
 

Ingredients: Black Tea, Natural Black Tea Concentrate, Water, Cane Sugar, Natural Flavor, Citric Acid
 



 





 
Raspberry 



Few fruits are as versatile or, let's be honest, as flat-out-good as tart raspberries. Baked into pies, mashed up into jams, or paired with dark chocolate, they taste delicious with just about everything — particularly our freshly brewed black tea. Flavored just right and enhanced with a touch of cane sugar, our Raspberry Iced Tea is the stuff of midsummer dreams. 
 
Ingredients: Black Tea, Filtered Water, Cane Sugar, Natural Flavor, Citric Acid
 



 





 
Guava 



The juice from the guava fruit has been referred to as the “nectar of the gods.” Just one sip of our delicious Guava Iced Tea will make you feel like you are in paradise…even when you are sitting at the office. 

Ingredients: Brewed Black Tea using filtered water, Cane Sugar, Natural Flavor, Citric Acid, Malic Acid
 




 





 
Green Tea & Honey 



Life is, and we fully believe should be, sweet. Sweet as honey, in fact. Which is why we mixed the golden stuff with our earthy, freshly brewed green tea. The result? An invigorating drink that's sure to keep you light on your toes no matter how high the temperature climbs...or how hectic the work week gets. Coffee? Who needs it! 
   
Ingredients: Brewed Green Tea using filtered water, Cane Sugar, Natural Flavor, Honey Powder, Ginseng Root Extract, Citric Acid
 



 





 
Half & Half 



Cake and ice cream. Sun and surf. Pools and pool parties. Some things go so well together, there's no sense in separating them. Such is the case with this perfect blend. Part lemonade, part iced tea, our Half & Half might be a combination made in endless summer heaven, but we assure you, it's shamelessly refreshing all year long. 

Ingredients: Black Tea, Filtered Water, Cane Sugar, Sucralose, Natural Flavor, Pear Juice from Concentrate, Lemon Juice from Concentrate, Citric Acid, Ascorbic Acid, Acesulfame Potassium, Gum Acacia, Ester Gum
 




 





 
Diet Lemon 



Our grandpa always used to say, "You need to take the sour with the sweet." We never had a problem with that, because that's how we like our iced tea-mixed with a splash of lemon and a touch of pure cane sugar. Now that we're grown up, we also appreciate a lack of calories. And you won't find a single one in our Diet Lemon Iced Tea. Grandpa would be proud.

Ingredients: Brewed Black Tea using filtered water, Sucralose, Natural Flavor, Citric Acid, Acesulfame Potassium




 





 
Diet Peach 



Being good to yourself doesn't mean shunning all the things you love. And while we firmly believe a little indulgence is a good thing, we also know that "good for you" and "awesome taste" aren't mutually exclusive. Take our Diet Peach Iced Tea. The irresistibly sweet and juicy flavor feels like such a treat, you just might forget it has zero calories. Now that's delicious.

Ingredients: Brewed Black Tea using filtered water, Sucralose, Natural Flavor, Citric Acid, Acesulfame Potassium




 





Close



 





































Have a question? Outraged that your local grocery store doesn’t stock us yet? Wondering where to go surfing on Long Island? Whatever is on your mind, we are always happy to hear from friends and new fans. Click the link below, and we will get back to you soon!








Have a question? Outraged that your local grocery store doesn’t stock us yet? Wondering where to go surfing on Long Island? Whatever is on your mind, we are always happy to hear from friends and new fans. Click the link below, and we will get back to you soon!




















 

 










	Copyright ©
	2012 - 	2017
			Long Island Iced Tea
	







                        To Top                    















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















































Rum and Iced Tea | Long Island Iced Tea | Captain Morgan™



















Toggle navigation







Our Products
Recipes
About Captain Morgan
Where to Buy






 

FacebookInstagramYouTubeTwitter 








LONG ISLAND ICED TEA


LONG ISLAND ICED TEA with Captain Morgan™ Original Spiced Rum




RECIPE:


0.5 oz Captain Morgan™ Original Spiced Rum
0.25 oz vodka
0.25 oz tequila
0.25 oz gin
0.25 oz triple sec
2 oz sweet and sour mix
2 oz cola



						Glass: Highball Glass
1. Add Captain Morgan™ Original Spiced Rum, vodka, tequila, gin, triple sec, sour mix and cola into glass with ice and stir.
2. Garnish with orange slice or lime. 					


 

 
  

















related rum cocktails












Original Captain Morgan & Cola













Freaki Tiki













LOCOJITO













CAPTAIN & LOCO













Plundering Pumpkin













Fog Cutter













BLUE HAWAIIAN













CAPTAIN PIE CRUNCH


























































Captain Morgan Cannon Blast Spiced Rum | Captain Morgan®



















Toggle navigation







Our Products
Recipes
About Captain Morgan
Where to Buy






 

FacebookInstagramYouTubeTwitter 








                        captain morgan  ® 
                        CANNON BLAST                        
							abv (35%)






CAPTAIN MORGAN® CANNON BLASTAn intensely delicious new shot. The sweet citrus delivers a pleasing and delicious front end while providing a finish with a warming (but not overwhelming) sensation.
Brand: CAPTAIN MORGAN® 

Manufacturer: Diageo

Captain Morgan’s Cannon Blast Spiced Rum is an intensely delicious shot that is citrus sweet with a spark of heat. The sweet citrus delivers a pleasing and delicious front end, while providing a finish with a warming (but not overwhelming) sensation.
Not into shots? No problem. You won't be disappointed in using Cannon Blast in one of your favorite cocktails. Check out the recipe inspiration below for some of our favorites.


 

 
  






Buy Near Me
Buy Online














Related CANNON BLAST Recipes












BLASTED TODDY













Salty Pirate













The Crow’s Nest













Crannon Blast













Blasted Apple













Captain’s Grog








More products












ORIGINAL SPICED RUM













LOCONUT













COCONUT RUM













JACK-O’BLAST













SILVER SPICED RUM













PINEAPPLE RUM













BLACK SPICED RUM













GRAPEFRUIT RUM













WHITE RUM













100 PROOF SPICED RUM









VIEW
        MORE PRODUCTS

















 



Captain Morgan - Rum & Cachaça  | Buy Online or Send as a Gift | ReserveBar











































 




				$5 Shipping. Orders Over $150*. Use Code SHIP2017			



				Top 50 Trending Gifts			



				ReserveBar Gift Cards			






Menu

ReserveBar




Search


Search



 


Search






							Account						





Bag



Bag












Add items to your bag.


Bag






Your bag is currently empty.




 

 




JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                



 












Shop
			    Captain Morgan			









					Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum				



					Captain Morgan Private Stock				



					Captain Morgan Black Cask 100 Proof Spiced Rum				



					Captain Morgan Black Spiced Rum				



					Captain Morgan White Rum				



					Captain Morgan Cannon Blast				




 









 

CaptainMorgan - YouTube  










 
Skip navigation
  
 
Sign inSearch








Captain Morgan USA 





Sign in to view this video
This channel contains content that may be inappropriate for some users, as determined by the YouTube account owner.


To view this video, please confirm you are old enough by signing in.

Sign in

If you would instead prefer to avoid potentially inappropriate content, consider activating YouTube's Restricted Mode.






Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    










Loading...
    














        Working...
    











 

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features














































Where to Buy Captain Morgan Rum



















Toggle navigation







Our Products
Recipes
About Captain Morgan
Where to Buy






 

FacebookInstagramYouTubeTwitter 




Where to Buy






                            Location                        











Refine your search by


distance:
5
10
25
50
 miles






5
10
25
50







                            type of place                        




Bars & restaurants
Retail Stores






                            product                        





















Found  Results near .


                Currently only available in the following states: CA, DE, FL, HI, IA, IL, KS, LA, MA, MN, MO, MT, NC,
                NE, NH, NV, NM, NJ, NY, SD, TX, VT, WI and GA.
            


                    BUY NOW
                




























English Tea Store - finest teas, teapots, and gift baskets


























































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                







Home

My Account
Easy Returns
 My Cart
Checkout
Log In

















My Account
Easy Returns
 My Cart
Checkout
Log In





Call Toll Free: 1.877.734.2458
 or Request a call








Call Toll Free: 1.877.734.2458
 or Request a call





English Tea Store
























Search site:

Search






My Cart:


0 item(s) - $0.00

				You have no items in your shopping cart.            

0


 







Shop

Tea & Coffee





Shop Tea
Teabags
Loose Leaf
Iced Tea
Fall Tea Flavors
Tea Subscriptions
Wholesale





Shop Teabags
Teabags by Brand
Teabags by Type
Teabag Samples
Tea Chest Refills
Tea of the Month
Flavored Teabags





Teabags by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Twinings Tea
Typhoo
Taylors of Harrogate
Lyon's Tea
Shop All Brands





Teabags by Type
British Favorites
Darjeeling
Assam
Black Tea
Green Tea
White
Shop All





Caffeine Free Teabags
Decaf Teabags
Roobios
Herbal Tea
Chamomile





K-Cups
Tea K-Cups
Coffee K-Cups





Loose Leaf





Shop Loose Tea
Loose Tea by Brand
Iced Tea
Loose Tea by Type
Loose Tea Samples
Fall Tea Flavors
Tea of the Month
Tea Subscriptions





Loose Tea by Type
Black Loose Tea
White Loose Tea
Matcha Tea
Darjeeling Loose Tea
Assam Loose Tea
Organic Loose Tea
Shop All Types





Loose Tea by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Typhoo
Taylors of Harrogate
Twinings
Shop All Brands





British Favorites
Earl Grey
English Breakfast
Irish Breakfast
Scottish Breakfast
Yorkshire Tea
Afternoon Teas





Caffeine Free
Decaf Loose Tea
Roobios
Chamomile
Herbal Tea





Flavored Loose Tea
Fruit Flavored Loose Tea
Chai Loose Tea
Mint Loose Tea
Vanilla Loose Tea





Brands





Shop Tea by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Twinings
Typhoo




Harney & Sons
Shangri La Iced Tea
Stash
Tazo
Yogi




Taylors of Harrogate
Lyon's
Barry's Tea from Ireland
Bewley's Irish Tea





Teapots & Mugs





Teapots by Type
Solid Color Teapots
Infuser Teapots
Stainless Steel Teapots
Stoneware Teapots
Glass Teapots
Ceramic Teapots





Teapots by Size
Personal 1-2 Cups
Small 3-4 Cups
Medium 5-6 Cups
Large 7-8 Cups
XL 9 + Cups





Teapots by Brand
English Tea Store
Genuine Brown Betty
Amsterdam Teapots
Wedgwood Teapots
James Sadler Collection
Heirloom Collection
Adagio Teapots





China, Porcelain & Decorative
Fine Bone China Teapots
Fine Bone China Mugs
Porcelain Teapots
Porcelain Mugs
Decorated Teapots
Decorative Mugs





Tea Cups
Ceramic Teacups
Bone China Teacups
Porcelain Teacups
Glass Teacups
Decorated Teacups
Solid Color Teacups
Teacups with Saucers





Mugs
Infuser Mugs
Travel Mugs
Solid Color Mugs
Glass Mugs
Ceramic Mugs
Teapot & Mug Sets





Tea Sets





Tea Sets
Fine Bone China
Porcelain Tea Sets
Ceramic Tea Sets
Stainless Steel Tea Sets
Miniature Tea Sets
Tea For One Sets
White Tea Sets





Individual Pieces
Teapots
Tea Cups
Sugar & Creamer Sets
Plates
Bowls
Trays and Cake Stands
See More





Accessories





Tea Accessories
Tea Spoons & Honey Dippers
Teapot Warmers
Teapot Cozies
Tea Wallets
Caddies & Canisters
Tea Chests
Honey & Honey Sticks





Filters, Strainers, & Infuers
Tea Filter Bags & T-Sac
Tea Infusers
Tea Strainers





Kettles
Electric Kettles
Stovetop Kettles





British Food





British Food
Beverages
Crisps & Twiglets
Beans
Peas
Beetroot





British Cookies
Biscuits & Cookies
Shortbread
British Cakes
British Puddings





British Cooking
Soup
Relish, Condiments, & Sauces
Gravy Mixes
Cereal
Indian Food





British Baking
Scones & Scone Mixes
Bread Mix
Dessert Mixes & Filling
Golden Syrup & Treacle
Demerara & Caster Sugar





Jams & Spreads
Clotted & Devon Cream
Jam
Marmalade
Fruit Curd
Fruit Butter
Honey Spreads
Vegemite & Marmite





Candy





British Chocolate & Toffee
Cadbury
Mars
Nestlé
Fry's
Walkers Toffee





British Candy
Bassett's
Chewits
Fox's
Kinder
Maynards
Norfolk Manor
See All Brands





Candy by Type
Chocolate
Toffee
Confectionery Candy
Jellies & Liquorice
Mints





Tea Gifts





Tea Gifts
Tea Chests
Gift Baskets
Baskets & Boxes
Gift Sets
Tea Party Favors




Tea Subscriptions
British Gifts
Gift Ideas
Tea Sets
Teapots





Clearance




Clearance English Food
Clearance Christmas Crackers
Clearance Candy
Clearance Teaware
Clearance Bone China
Clearance Gifts









 

 







  






Loose Leaf





Tea Bags





English Breakfast





Earl Grey






Organic Tea





K-Cups






Our Brand





Twinings






Taylors of Harrogate





PG Tips





Teapots





Tea Sets























Shop Popular Categories





Tea Bags





Loose tea





Shop Tea by Type





Shop by Brand











Filters and Strainers





British Food






Tea Accessories





Tea Gifts






About English Tea Store

Welcome to the English Tea Store, the source for imported British tea and food!


Searching for a great cup of tea? Our selection of teas includes our own store brand, as well as teas from other top brands, including PG Tips, Typhoo, Taylors of Harrogate, Barry's Tea, Stash, and Twinings. Aside from the brands, our selection of teabags and loose leaf tea includes various blends of breakfast tea, afternoon teas like Darjeeling and Earl Grey, white, black, green, herbal, fruit, mint, vanilla, black currant, organic, Christmas, spiced, and decaffeinated teas. Our own store brand tea comes in all of these blends and is sold less than retail price. In addition, our teabags are optimal for brewing, as the bags have no strings attached. We sell bulk tea, teabags, teapots and other items wholesale.
        

            Aside from the actual tea, we carry many products to help you prepare and serve a hot cup of brewed tea for yourself or for guests. We offer such items as teapots, tea sets in ceramic, porcelain or fine bone china, tea chests, and kettles. We make our own dishware and tea sets as well. As a gift for tea connoisseurs, our gift baskets combine our own tea blends with food and a teapot or mugs. But, for a gift for someone who has not yet enjoyed the perfect cup of kettle-brewed tea, our Electric Kettle Starter Kit would introduce him or her to the best tasting cup of tea.
        

            In addition to tea, the English Tea Store offers many British food products that would go well with a cup of tea. We carry known brands of clotted cream, scones, puddings, cookies, biscuits, crisps, candy, and drinking chocolate available overseas. In particular, plain or chocolate covered digestive biscuits are an ideal snack with an afternoon cup of tea.
        

            Part of the Online Stores, LLC Family -- One of the top 500 internet retailers worldwide 2 years in a row!
        


 





































 


Information


About Us
About Tea
Careers
News
Wholesale
 


Customer Service


Customer Service
Refund and Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Shipping Information
Check Order Status




My account


Sign In
View Cart
Track My Order




Contact Us

Online Stores, LLC 1000 Westinghouse Drive, Suite 1, New Stanton, PA 15672
Call us now toll free: 1-877-734-2458




 



Sign Up for Our Newsletter:


Subscribe





Follow us










 Copyright © 2017 Online Stores, LLC All Rights Reserved.





















 



Visit our other stores:





















 









video title


                video content
            











Sign in

Please enter your email below and we will send you a new password.







                                Email Address *








                                Password *













Login


Forgot Password  |  
Create an Account







Keep Shopping
                          
                    Go To My Account





                            Email Address *






*Please type the letters below




















Send Password


Back to Login





Create New Account





First Name*



Last Name*





Email*





New Password*



Confirm Password*




*Please type the letters below



















Submit

Back to Login








Log in With




Facebook Sign in














Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in












×
Need to talk to us? We'll give you a call.




Close









 




Sign up & save 10% on your next order!
Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know about exclusive offers and new products!


Subscribe 
 No Thanks












Teapots & Mugs All Styles - EnglishTeaStore.com

































































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                







Home

My Account
Easy Returns
 My Cart
Checkout
Log In

















My Account
Easy Returns
 My Cart
Checkout
Log In





Call Toll Free: 1.877.734.2458
 or Request a call








Call Toll Free: 1.877.734.2458
 or Request a call





English Tea Store
























Search site:

Search






My Cart:


0 item(s) - $0.00

				You have no items in your shopping cart.            

0


 







Shop

Tea & Coffee





Shop Tea
Teabags
Loose Leaf
Iced Tea
Fall Tea Flavors
Tea Subscriptions
Wholesale





Shop Teabags
Teabags by Brand
Teabags by Type
Teabag Samples
Tea Chest Refills
Tea of the Month
Flavored Teabags





Teabags by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Twinings Tea
Typhoo
Taylors of Harrogate
Lyon's Tea
Shop All Brands





Teabags by Type
British Favorites
Darjeeling
Assam
Black Tea
Green Tea
White
Shop All





Caffeine Free Teabags
Decaf Teabags
Roobios
Herbal Tea
Chamomile





K-Cups
Tea K-Cups
Coffee K-Cups





Loose Leaf





Shop Loose Tea
Loose Tea by Brand
Iced Tea
Loose Tea by Type
Loose Tea Samples
Fall Tea Flavors
Tea of the Month
Tea Subscriptions





Loose Tea by Type
Black Loose Tea
White Loose Tea
Matcha Tea
Darjeeling Loose Tea
Assam Loose Tea
Organic Loose Tea
Shop All Types





Loose Tea by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Typhoo
Taylors of Harrogate
Twinings
Shop All Brands





British Favorites
Earl Grey
English Breakfast
Irish Breakfast
Scottish Breakfast
Yorkshire Tea
Afternoon Teas





Caffeine Free
Decaf Loose Tea
Roobios
Chamomile
Herbal Tea





Flavored Loose Tea
Fruit Flavored Loose Tea
Chai Loose Tea
Mint Loose Tea
Vanilla Loose Tea





Brands





Shop Tea by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Twinings
Typhoo




Harney & Sons
Shangri La Iced Tea
Stash
Tazo
Yogi




Taylors of Harrogate
Lyon's
Barry's Tea from Ireland
Bewley's Irish Tea





Teapots & Mugs





Teapots by Type
Solid Color Teapots
Infuser Teapots
Stainless Steel Teapots
Stoneware Teapots
Glass Teapots
Ceramic Teapots





Teapots by Size
Personal 1-2 Cups
Small 3-4 Cups
Medium 5-6 Cups
Large 7-8 Cups
XL 9 + Cups





Teapots by Brand
English Tea Store
Genuine Brown Betty
Amsterdam Teapots
Wedgwood Teapots
James Sadler Collection
Heirloom Collection
Adagio Teapots





China, Porcelain & Decorative
Fine Bone China Teapots
Fine Bone China Mugs
Porcelain Teapots
Porcelain Mugs
Decorated Teapots
Decorative Mugs





Tea Cups
Ceramic Teacups
Bone China Teacups
Porcelain Teacups
Glass Teacups
Decorated Teacups
Solid Color Teacups
Teacups with Saucers





Mugs
Infuser Mugs
Travel Mugs
Solid Color Mugs
Glass Mugs
Ceramic Mugs
Teapot & Mug Sets





Tea Sets





Tea Sets
Fine Bone China
Porcelain Tea Sets
Ceramic Tea Sets
Stainless Steel Tea Sets
Miniature Tea Sets
Tea For One Sets
White Tea Sets





Individual Pieces
Teapots
Tea Cups
Sugar & Creamer Sets
Plates
Bowls
Trays and Cake Stands
See More





Accessories





Tea Accessories
Tea Spoons & Honey Dippers
Teapot Warmers
Teapot Cozies
Tea Wallets
Caddies & Canisters
Tea Chests
Honey & Honey Sticks





Filters, Strainers, & Infuers
Tea Filter Bags & T-Sac
Tea Infusers
Tea Strainers





Kettles
Electric Kettles
Stovetop Kettles





British Food





British Food
Beverages
Crisps & Twiglets
Beans
Peas
Beetroot





British Cookies
Biscuits & Cookies
Shortbread
British Cakes
British Puddings





British Cooking
Soup
Relish, Condiments, & Sauces
Gravy Mixes
Cereal
Indian Food





British Baking
Scones & Scone Mixes
Bread Mix
Dessert Mixes & Filling
Golden Syrup & Treacle
Demerara & Caster Sugar





Jams & Spreads
Clotted & Devon Cream
Jam
Marmalade
Fruit Curd
Fruit Butter
Honey Spreads
Vegemite & Marmite





Candy





British Chocolate & Toffee
Cadbury
Mars
Nestlé
Fry's
Walkers Toffee





British Candy
Bassett's
Chewits
Fox's
Kinder
Maynards
Norfolk Manor
See All Brands





Candy by Type
Chocolate
Toffee
Confectionery Candy
Jellies & Liquorice
Mints





Tea Gifts





Tea Gifts
Tea Chests
Gift Baskets
Baskets & Boxes
Gift Sets
Tea Party Favors




Tea Subscriptions
British Gifts
Gift Ideas
Tea Sets
Teapots





Clearance




Clearance English Food
Clearance Christmas Crackers
Clearance Candy
Clearance Teaware
Clearance Bone China
Clearance Gifts









 

 







 Teapots & Mugs













Shop Popular Categories





Genuine Brown Betty Teapots




Solid Color Teapots





Infuser Teapots




Porcelain Teapots







Fine Bone China Teapots




Ceramic Teapots





Stoneware Teapots




Glass Teapots








Stainless Steel Teapots




Decorated Teapots





Teapot & Mug Sets




Mugs




Shop our world-famous collections of Wedgwood, Royal Doulton, James Sadler, English Heirloom, Royal Albert and Gracie teapots and mugs, as well as our exclusive English Tea Store teapots, mugs and full tea service sets. Find affordably priced teapots and mugs by Adagio, Amsterdam, OmniWare, Teaz Café, Coastline Imports, Grassland and Burton + Burton.
Begin with a teapot or mug and build a full-sized tea service set over time with our matching teapots, teacups with saucers, dessert plates, creamer and sugar sets, and mugs. If you have questions, consult our expert staff. We're the leader in affordably priced teas, tea ware and imported treats from around the world.







































 


Information


About Us
About Tea
Careers
News
Wholesale
 


Customer Service


Customer Service
Refund and Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Shipping Information
Check Order Status




My account


Sign In
View Cart
Track My Order




Contact Us

Online Stores, LLC 1000 Westinghouse Drive, Suite 1, New Stanton, PA 15672
Call us now toll free: 1-877-734-2458




 



Sign Up for Our Newsletter:


Subscribe





Follow us










 Copyright © 2017 Online Stores, LLC All Rights Reserved.





















 



Visit our other stores:





















 









video title


                video content
            











Sign in

Please enter your email below and we will send you a new password.







                                Email Address *








                                Password *













Login


Forgot Password  |  
Create an Account







Keep Shopping
                          
                    Go To My Account





                            Email Address *






*Please type the letters below




















Send Password


Back to Login





Create New Account





First Name*



Last Name*





Email*





New Password*



Confirm Password*




*Please type the letters below



















Submit

Back to Login








Log in With




Facebook Sign in














Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in












×
Need to talk to us? We'll give you a call.




Close









 




Sign up & save 10% on your next order!
Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know about exclusive offers and new products!


Subscribe 
 No Thanks












Tea Gifts

































































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                







Home

My Account
Easy Returns
 My Cart
Checkout
Log In

















My Account
Easy Returns
 My Cart
Checkout
Log In





Call Toll Free: 1.877.734.2458
 or Request a call








Call Toll Free: 1.877.734.2458
 or Request a call





English Tea Store
























Search site:

Search






My Cart:


0 item(s) - $0.00

				You have no items in your shopping cart.            

0


 







Shop

Tea & Coffee





Shop Tea
Teabags
Loose Leaf
Iced Tea
Fall Tea Flavors
Tea Subscriptions
Wholesale





Shop Teabags
Teabags by Brand
Teabags by Type
Teabag Samples
Tea Chest Refills
Tea of the Month
Flavored Teabags





Teabags by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Twinings Tea
Typhoo
Taylors of Harrogate
Lyon's Tea
Shop All Brands





Teabags by Type
British Favorites
Darjeeling
Assam
Black Tea
Green Tea
White
Shop All





Caffeine Free Teabags
Decaf Teabags
Roobios
Herbal Tea
Chamomile





K-Cups
Tea K-Cups
Coffee K-Cups





Loose Leaf





Shop Loose Tea
Loose Tea by Brand
Iced Tea
Loose Tea by Type
Loose Tea Samples
Fall Tea Flavors
Tea of the Month
Tea Subscriptions





Loose Tea by Type
Black Loose Tea
White Loose Tea
Matcha Tea
Darjeeling Loose Tea
Assam Loose Tea
Organic Loose Tea
Shop All Types





Loose Tea by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Typhoo
Taylors of Harrogate
Twinings
Shop All Brands





British Favorites
Earl Grey
English Breakfast
Irish Breakfast
Scottish Breakfast
Yorkshire Tea
Afternoon Teas





Caffeine Free
Decaf Loose Tea
Roobios
Chamomile
Herbal Tea





Flavored Loose Tea
Fruit Flavored Loose Tea
Chai Loose Tea
Mint Loose Tea
Vanilla Loose Tea





Brands





Shop Tea by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Twinings
Typhoo




Harney & Sons
Shangri La Iced Tea
Stash
Tazo
Yogi




Taylors of Harrogate
Lyon's
Barry's Tea from Ireland
Bewley's Irish Tea





Teapots & Mugs





Teapots by Type
Solid Color Teapots
Infuser Teapots
Stainless Steel Teapots
Stoneware Teapots
Glass Teapots
Ceramic Teapots





Teapots by Size
Personal 1-2 Cups
Small 3-4 Cups
Medium 5-6 Cups
Large 7-8 Cups
XL 9 + Cups





Teapots by Brand
English Tea Store
Genuine Brown Betty
Amsterdam Teapots
Wedgwood Teapots
James Sadler Collection
Heirloom Collection
Adagio Teapots





China, Porcelain & Decorative
Fine Bone China Teapots
Fine Bone China Mugs
Porcelain Teapots
Porcelain Mugs
Decorated Teapots
Decorative Mugs





Tea Cups
Ceramic Teacups
Bone China Teacups
Porcelain Teacups
Glass Teacups
Decorated Teacups
Solid Color Teacups
Teacups with Saucers





Mugs
Infuser Mugs
Travel Mugs
Solid Color Mugs
Glass Mugs
Ceramic Mugs
Teapot & Mug Sets





Tea Sets





Tea Sets
Fine Bone China
Porcelain Tea Sets
Ceramic Tea Sets
Stainless Steel Tea Sets
Miniature Tea Sets
Tea For One Sets
White Tea Sets





Individual Pieces
Teapots
Tea Cups
Sugar & Creamer Sets
Plates
Bowls
Trays and Cake Stands
See More





Accessories





Tea Accessories
Tea Spoons & Honey Dippers
Teapot Warmers
Teapot Cozies
Tea Wallets
Caddies & Canisters
Tea Chests
Honey & Honey Sticks





Filters, Strainers, & Infuers
Tea Filter Bags & T-Sac
Tea Infusers
Tea Strainers





Kettles
Electric Kettles
Stovetop Kettles





British Food





British Food
Beverages
Crisps & Twiglets
Beans
Peas
Beetroot





British Cookies
Biscuits & Cookies
Shortbread
British Cakes
British Puddings





British Cooking
Soup
Relish, Condiments, & Sauces
Gravy Mixes
Cereal
Indian Food





British Baking
Scones & Scone Mixes
Bread Mix
Dessert Mixes & Filling
Golden Syrup & Treacle
Demerara & Caster Sugar





Jams & Spreads
Clotted & Devon Cream
Jam
Marmalade
Fruit Curd
Fruit Butter
Honey Spreads
Vegemite & Marmite





Candy





British Chocolate & Toffee
Cadbury
Mars
Nestlé
Fry's
Walkers Toffee





British Candy
Bassett's
Chewits
Fox's
Kinder
Maynards
Norfolk Manor
See All Brands





Candy by Type
Chocolate
Toffee
Confectionery Candy
Jellies & Liquorice
Mints





Tea Gifts





Tea Gifts
Tea Chests
Gift Baskets
Baskets & Boxes
Gift Sets
Tea Party Favors




Tea Subscriptions
British Gifts
Gift Ideas
Tea Sets
Teapots





Clearance




Clearance English Food
Clearance Christmas Crackers
Clearance Candy
Clearance Teaware
Clearance Bone China
Clearance Gifts









 

 







 Tea Gifts













Shop Popular Categories





Tea Subscriptions




Gift Baskets




Miniature Tea Sets






Tea Chests




Tea Sets




Accessories




Kettles





Gift Sets




Tea Party Favors




Bristish Gifts




Gift Ideas







Teapots & Mugs




Mugs











































 


Information


About Us
About Tea
Careers
News
Wholesale
 


Customer Service


Customer Service
Refund and Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Shipping Information
Check Order Status




My account


Sign In
View Cart
Track My Order




Contact Us

Online Stores, LLC 1000 Westinghouse Drive, Suite 1, New Stanton, PA 15672
Call us now toll free: 1-877-734-2458




 



Sign Up for Our Newsletter:


Subscribe





Follow us










 Copyright © 2017 Online Stores, LLC All Rights Reserved.





















 



Visit our other stores:





















 









video title


                video content
            











Sign in

Please enter your email below and we will send you a new password.







                                Email Address *








                                Password *













Login


Forgot Password  |  
Create an Account







Keep Shopping
                          
                    Go To My Account





                            Email Address *






*Please type the letters below




















Send Password


Back to Login





Create New Account





First Name*



Last Name*





Email*





New Password*



Confirm Password*




*Please type the letters below



















Submit

Back to Login








Log in With




Facebook Sign in














Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in












×
Need to talk to us? We'll give you a call.




Close









 




Sign up & save 10% on your next order!
Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know about exclusive offers and new products!


Subscribe 
 No Thanks












English Tea Store - finest teas, teapots, and gift baskets


























































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                







Home

My Account
Easy Returns
 My Cart
Checkout
Log In

















My Account
Easy Returns
 My Cart
Checkout
Log In





Call Toll Free: 1.877.734.2458
 or Request a call








Call Toll Free: 1.877.734.2458
 or Request a call





English Tea Store
























Search site:

Search






My Cart:


0 item(s) - $0.00

				You have no items in your shopping cart.            

0


 







Shop

Tea & Coffee





Shop Tea
Teabags
Loose Leaf
Iced Tea
Fall Tea Flavors
Tea Subscriptions
Wholesale





Shop Teabags
Teabags by Brand
Teabags by Type
Teabag Samples
Tea Chest Refills
Tea of the Month
Flavored Teabags





Teabags by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Twinings Tea
Typhoo
Taylors of Harrogate
Lyon's Tea
Shop All Brands





Teabags by Type
British Favorites
Darjeeling
Assam
Black Tea
Green Tea
White
Shop All





Caffeine Free Teabags
Decaf Teabags
Roobios
Herbal Tea
Chamomile





K-Cups
Tea K-Cups
Coffee K-Cups





Loose Leaf





Shop Loose Tea
Loose Tea by Brand
Iced Tea
Loose Tea by Type
Loose Tea Samples
Fall Tea Flavors
Tea of the Month
Tea Subscriptions





Loose Tea by Type
Black Loose Tea
White Loose Tea
Matcha Tea
Darjeeling Loose Tea
Assam Loose Tea
Organic Loose Tea
Shop All Types





Loose Tea by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Typhoo
Taylors of Harrogate
Twinings
Shop All Brands





British Favorites
Earl Grey
English Breakfast
Irish Breakfast
Scottish Breakfast
Yorkshire Tea
Afternoon Teas





Caffeine Free
Decaf Loose Tea
Roobios
Chamomile
Herbal Tea





Flavored Loose Tea
Fruit Flavored Loose Tea
Chai Loose Tea
Mint Loose Tea
Vanilla Loose Tea





Brands





Shop Tea by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Twinings
Typhoo




Harney & Sons
Shangri La Iced Tea
Stash
Tazo
Yogi




Taylors of Harrogate
Lyon's
Barry's Tea from Ireland
Bewley's Irish Tea





Teapots & Mugs





Teapots by Type
Solid Color Teapots
Infuser Teapots
Stainless Steel Teapots
Stoneware Teapots
Glass Teapots
Ceramic Teapots





Teapots by Size
Personal 1-2 Cups
Small 3-4 Cups
Medium 5-6 Cups
Large 7-8 Cups
XL 9 + Cups





Teapots by Brand
English Tea Store
Genuine Brown Betty
Amsterdam Teapots
Wedgwood Teapots
James Sadler Collection
Heirloom Collection
Adagio Teapots





China, Porcelain & Decorative
Fine Bone China Teapots
Fine Bone China Mugs
Porcelain Teapots
Porcelain Mugs
Decorated Teapots
Decorative Mugs





Tea Cups
Ceramic Teacups
Bone China Teacups
Porcelain Teacups
Glass Teacups
Decorated Teacups
Solid Color Teacups
Teacups with Saucers





Mugs
Infuser Mugs
Travel Mugs
Solid Color Mugs
Glass Mugs
Ceramic Mugs
Teapot & Mug Sets





Tea Sets





Tea Sets
Fine Bone China
Porcelain Tea Sets
Ceramic Tea Sets
Stainless Steel Tea Sets
Miniature Tea Sets
Tea For One Sets
White Tea Sets





Individual Pieces
Teapots
Tea Cups
Sugar & Creamer Sets
Plates
Bowls
Trays and Cake Stands
See More





Accessories





Tea Accessories
Tea Spoons & Honey Dippers
Teapot Warmers
Teapot Cozies
Tea Wallets
Caddies & Canisters
Tea Chests
Honey & Honey Sticks





Filters, Strainers, & Infuers
Tea Filter Bags & T-Sac
Tea Infusers
Tea Strainers





Kettles
Electric Kettles
Stovetop Kettles





British Food





British Food
Beverages
Crisps & Twiglets
Beans
Peas
Beetroot





British Cookies
Biscuits & Cookies
Shortbread
British Cakes
British Puddings





British Cooking
Soup
Relish, Condiments, & Sauces
Gravy Mixes
Cereal
Indian Food





British Baking
Scones & Scone Mixes
Bread Mix
Dessert Mixes & Filling
Golden Syrup & Treacle
Demerara & Caster Sugar





Jams & Spreads
Clotted & Devon Cream
Jam
Marmalade
Fruit Curd
Fruit Butter
Honey Spreads
Vegemite & Marmite





Candy





British Chocolate & Toffee
Cadbury
Mars
Nestlé
Fry's
Walkers Toffee





British Candy
Bassett's
Chewits
Fox's
Kinder
Maynards
Norfolk Manor
See All Brands





Candy by Type
Chocolate
Toffee
Confectionery Candy
Jellies & Liquorice
Mints





Tea Gifts





Tea Gifts
Tea Chests
Gift Baskets
Baskets & Boxes
Gift Sets
Tea Party Favors




Tea Subscriptions
British Gifts
Gift Ideas
Tea Sets
Teapots





Clearance




Clearance English Food
Clearance Christmas Crackers
Clearance Candy
Clearance Teaware
Clearance Bone China
Clearance Gifts









 

 







  






Loose Leaf





Tea Bags





English Breakfast





Earl Grey






Organic Tea





K-Cups






Our Brand





Twinings






Taylors of Harrogate





PG Tips





Teapots





Tea Sets























Shop Popular Categories





Tea Bags





Loose tea





Shop Tea by Type





Shop by Brand











Filters and Strainers





British Food






Tea Accessories





Tea Gifts






About English Tea Store

Welcome to the English Tea Store, the source for imported British tea and food!


Searching for a great cup of tea? Our selection of teas includes our own store brand, as well as teas from other top brands, including PG Tips, Typhoo, Taylors of Harrogate, Barry's Tea, Stash, and Twinings. Aside from the brands, our selection of teabags and loose leaf tea includes various blends of breakfast tea, afternoon teas like Darjeeling and Earl Grey, white, black, green, herbal, fruit, mint, vanilla, black currant, organic, Christmas, spiced, and decaffeinated teas. Our own store brand tea comes in all of these blends and is sold less than retail price. In addition, our teabags are optimal for brewing, as the bags have no strings attached. We sell bulk tea, teabags, teapots and other items wholesale.
        

            Aside from the actual tea, we carry many products to help you prepare and serve a hot cup of brewed tea for yourself or for guests. We offer such items as teapots, tea sets in ceramic, porcelain or fine bone china, tea chests, and kettles. We make our own dishware and tea sets as well. As a gift for tea connoisseurs, our gift baskets combine our own tea blends with food and a teapot or mugs. But, for a gift for someone who has not yet enjoyed the perfect cup of kettle-brewed tea, our Electric Kettle Starter Kit would introduce him or her to the best tasting cup of tea.
        

            In addition to tea, the English Tea Store offers many British food products that would go well with a cup of tea. We carry known brands of clotted cream, scones, puddings, cookies, biscuits, crisps, candy, and drinking chocolate available overseas. In particular, plain or chocolate covered digestive biscuits are an ideal snack with an afternoon cup of tea.
        

            Part of the Online Stores, LLC Family -- One of the top 500 internet retailers worldwide 2 years in a row!
        


 





































 


Information


About Us
About Tea
Careers
News
Wholesale
 


Customer Service


Customer Service
Refund and Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Shipping Information
Check Order Status




My account


Sign In
View Cart
Track My Order




Contact Us

Online Stores, LLC 1000 Westinghouse Drive, Suite 1, New Stanton, PA 15672
Call us now toll free: 1-877-734-2458




 



Sign Up for Our Newsletter:


Subscribe





Follow us










 Copyright © 2017 Online Stores, LLC All Rights Reserved.





















 



Visit our other stores:





















 









video title


                video content
            











Sign in

Please enter your email below and we will send you a new password.







                                Email Address *








                                Password *













Login


Forgot Password  |  
Create an Account







Keep Shopping
                          
                    Go To My Account





                            Email Address *






*Please type the letters below




















Send Password


Back to Login





Create New Account





First Name*



Last Name*





Email*





New Password*



Confirm Password*




*Please type the letters below



















Submit

Back to Login








Log in With




Facebook Sign in














Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in












×
Need to talk to us? We'll give you a call.




Close









 




Sign up & save 10% on your next order!
Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know about exclusive offers and new products!


Subscribe 
 No Thanks












British Foods Favorites - EnglishTeaStore.com

































































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                







Home

My Account
Easy Returns
 My Cart
Checkout
Log In

















My Account
Easy Returns
 My Cart
Checkout
Log In





Call Toll Free: 1.877.734.2458
 or Request a call








Call Toll Free: 1.877.734.2458
 or Request a call





English Tea Store
























Search site:

Search






My Cart:


0 item(s) - $0.00

				You have no items in your shopping cart.            

0


 







Shop

Tea & Coffee





Shop Tea
Teabags
Loose Leaf
Iced Tea
Fall Tea Flavors
Tea Subscriptions
Wholesale





Shop Teabags
Teabags by Brand
Teabags by Type
Teabag Samples
Tea Chest Refills
Tea of the Month
Flavored Teabags





Teabags by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Twinings Tea
Typhoo
Taylors of Harrogate
Lyon's Tea
Shop All Brands





Teabags by Type
British Favorites
Darjeeling
Assam
Black Tea
Green Tea
White
Shop All





Caffeine Free Teabags
Decaf Teabags
Roobios
Herbal Tea
Chamomile





K-Cups
Tea K-Cups
Coffee K-Cups





Loose Leaf





Shop Loose Tea
Loose Tea by Brand
Iced Tea
Loose Tea by Type
Loose Tea Samples
Fall Tea Flavors
Tea of the Month
Tea Subscriptions





Loose Tea by Type
Black Loose Tea
White Loose Tea
Matcha Tea
Darjeeling Loose Tea
Assam Loose Tea
Organic Loose Tea
Shop All Types





Loose Tea by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Typhoo
Taylors of Harrogate
Twinings
Shop All Brands





British Favorites
Earl Grey
English Breakfast
Irish Breakfast
Scottish Breakfast
Yorkshire Tea
Afternoon Teas





Caffeine Free
Decaf Loose Tea
Roobios
Chamomile
Herbal Tea





Flavored Loose Tea
Fruit Flavored Loose Tea
Chai Loose Tea
Mint Loose Tea
Vanilla Loose Tea





Brands





Shop Tea by Brand
English Tea Store
PG Tips
Twinings
Typhoo




Harney & Sons
Shangri La Iced Tea
Stash
Tazo
Yogi




Taylors of Harrogate
Lyon's
Barry's Tea from Ireland
Bewley's Irish Tea





Teapots & Mugs





Teapots by Type
Solid Color Teapots
Infuser Teapots
Stainless Steel Teapots
Stoneware Teapots
Glass Teapots
Ceramic Teapots





Teapots by Size
Personal 1-2 Cups
Small 3-4 Cups
Medium 5-6 Cups
Large 7-8 Cups
XL 9 + Cups





Teapots by Brand
English Tea Store
Genuine Brown Betty
Amsterdam Teapots
Wedgwood Teapots
James Sadler Collection
Heirloom Collection
Adagio Teapots





China, Porcelain & Decorative
Fine Bone China Teapots
Fine Bone China Mugs
Porcelain Teapots
Porcelain Mugs
Decorated Teapots
Decorative Mugs





Tea Cups
Ceramic Teacups
Bone China Teacups
Porcelain Teacups
Glass Teacups
Decorated Teacups
Solid Color Teacups
Teacups with Saucers





Mugs
Infuser Mugs
Travel Mugs
Solid Color Mugs
Glass Mugs
Ceramic Mugs
Teapot & Mug Sets





Tea Sets





Tea Sets
Fine Bone China
Porcelain Tea Sets
Ceramic Tea Sets
Stainless Steel Tea Sets
Miniature Tea Sets
Tea For One Sets
White Tea Sets





Individual Pieces
Teapots
Tea Cups
Sugar & Creamer Sets
Plates
Bowls
Trays and Cake Stands
See More





Accessories





Tea Accessories
Tea Spoons & Honey Dippers
Teapot Warmers
Teapot Cozies
Tea Wallets
Caddies & Canisters
Tea Chests
Honey & Honey Sticks





Filters, Strainers, & Infuers
Tea Filter Bags & T-Sac
Tea Infusers
Tea Strainers





Kettles
Electric Kettles
Stovetop Kettles





British Food





British Food
Beverages
Crisps & Twiglets
Beans
Peas
Beetroot





British Cookies
Biscuits & Cookies
Shortbread
British Cakes
British Puddings





British Cooking
Soup
Relish, Condiments, & Sauces
Gravy Mixes
Cereal
Indian Food





British Baking
Scones & Scone Mixes
Bread Mix
Dessert Mixes & Filling
Golden Syrup & Treacle
Demerara & Caster Sugar





Jams & Spreads
Clotted & Devon Cream
Jam
Marmalade
Fruit Curd
Fruit Butter
Honey Spreads
Vegemite & Marmite





Candy





British Chocolate & Toffee
Cadbury
Mars
Nestlé
Fry's
Walkers Toffee





British Candy
Bassett's
Chewits
Fox's
Kinder
Maynards
Norfolk Manor
See All Brands





Candy by Type
Chocolate
Toffee
Confectionery Candy
Jellies & Liquorice
Mints





Tea Gifts





Tea Gifts
Tea Chests
Gift Baskets
Baskets & Boxes
Gift Sets
Tea Party Favors




Tea Subscriptions
British Gifts
Gift Ideas
Tea Sets
Teapots





Clearance




Clearance English Food
Clearance Christmas Crackers
Clearance Candy
Clearance Teaware
Clearance Bone China
Clearance Gifts









 

 







 British Food













Shop Popular Categories





Cookies




Candy




Scone & Scone Mixes




Jams & Spreads







British Baking




Clotted & Devon Cream




British Cooking




British Favorites Teabags







Cereal




Soup




Condiments, Sauces & Relish




Gravy Mixes







Beverages




British Cakes




Desert Mixes & Filling




Crisps & Twiglets







Indian Food




Peas





We have bitter lemon soft drinks, hot chocolate mixes and premium scone baking kits. Try our Irish mustards and English mint jellies or pickles. We have all the British food favorites for entertaining at home or to add authentic flair to your restaurant or pub menus. Add our loose leaf and tea bag teas from famous English names like Typhoo, PG Tips and Taylors of Harrogate.







































 


Information


About Us
About Tea
Careers
News
Wholesale
 


Customer Service


Customer Service
Refund and Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Shipping Information
Check Order Status




My account


Sign In
View Cart
Track My Order




Contact Us

Online Stores, LLC 1000 Westinghouse Drive, Suite 1, New Stanton, PA 15672
Call us now toll free: 1-877-734-2458




 



Sign Up for Our Newsletter:


Subscribe





Follow us










 Copyright © 2017 Online Stores, LLC All Rights Reserved.





















 



Visit our other stores:





















 









video title


                video content
            











Sign in

Please enter your email below and we will send you a new password.







                                Email Address *








                                Password *













Login


Forgot Password  |  
Create an Account







Keep Shopping
                          
                    Go To My Account





                            Email Address *






*Please type the letters below




















Send Password


Back to Login





Create New Account





First Name*



Last Name*





Email*





New Password*



Confirm Password*




*Please type the letters below



















Submit

Back to Login








Log in With




Facebook Sign in














Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in












×
Need to talk to us? We'll give you a call.




Close









 




Sign up & save 10% on your next order!
Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know about exclusive offers and new products!


Subscribe 
 No Thanks























Find cheap iced island long tea at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























Long Island Iced Tea Cocktail  8x10 in. Original Oil  canvas HALL GROAT II

$100.00













Compare Prices 













Waterford Ballet Icing Pearl Tea Saucer 151054

$20.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Long Island Iced Tea Black Stainless Steel Tumbler, 30 Oz Insulated Tumbler, Laser Etched In Usa

$29.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













CafePress Long Island Iced Tea 2 Canvas Lunch Bag

$16.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













1980s Reform School Dropouts Long Island Ice Tea Shirt

$210.00













Compare Prices 













Hawaiian Sun Island Ice Tea, 11.5-Ounce (Pack of 24)

$24.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













The Artwork Factory Long Island Iced Tea Mixology Framed Graphic Art

$93.99













Compare Prices 













Cecilware S10C 10 Gallon Stainless Steel Iced Tea Dispenser with Handles

$189.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Metropolitan Tea 200 Count Pyramid Shaped Teabags, Long Island Strawberry

$80.61


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Certified International 8-pc. Ice Tea Glass Set, Green

$55.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













English Tea Store Loose Leaf, Long Island Strawberry Green Tea Pouches, 4 Ounce

$7.69


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Rogaska Island Iced Tea - Cut Horizontal Ovals & Lines, Barware

$15.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















Wallmonkeys Long Island Iced Tea Cocktail Peel and Stick Wall Decals WM353031 (24 in H x 15 in W)

$27.98


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tea Forte® Tea Over Ice® Pitcher Gift Set-Tea Forte® Tea Over Ice Pitcher Gift Set

$59.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Gorham 852067 That's Entertainment Cocktail Shaker with Recipes

$20.03


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Certified International 8-pc. Ice Tea Glass Set, Red

$55.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Pure Leaf Iced Classic Black Tea Loose Tea, 4.7 oz

$6.27


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Iced Tea Maker White 2.5 Qt

$39.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













How to Entertain Your Guests: Bar Mix

$6.48


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval






























Find cheap tea at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$110.99













Compare Prices 













Primula Teas of the World 17-pc. Tea Set, Multicolor

$27.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Yogi Tea Bedtime Tea-16 Tea Bags

$7.49


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Yogi Tea - Green Tea Super Antioxidant - 16 Tea Bags, Teas & Coffee>Green Teas

$3.39


In Stock


Compare Prices 













MATCHA 1 Bag x 1 Kg (4.4#) GREEN TEA POWDER - MASUDAEN, MADE IN JAPAN

$119.95













Compare Prices 













Tea strainer for tea pot

$3.75


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Superior Grade Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 100% Organic

$104.07













Compare Prices 













35/pk WHOA! That's BIG 30mm Pearls - Tea Green

$7.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tea Turtle Tea Infuser

$9.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Gold Tea Tin by CB2

$17.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













WOW Organic Relaxing Hemp Tea 500g

$110.00













Compare Prices 













Yogi Tea Detox Tea-16 Tea Bags

$7.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$87.99













Compare Prices 













Custom 2oz Tea Blend

$9.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tea at Sea Tea Infuser

$3.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Bromley Hot Green Tea Bags - 48/Box

$1.89


In Stock


Compare Prices 













100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$107.99













Compare Prices 













Tattle Tea - Darjeeling black tea, Loose Leaf Tea, 32 Ounce

$30.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$107.99













Compare Prices 













Yogi Tea Organic Stomach Ease Tea-16   Tea Bags

$7.49


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tea Man Silicone Tea Infuser

$9.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sahara Tea 30-Serving Skinny Genie Tea Tin Multi 60 Gram

$12.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$87.99













Compare Prices 













Tattle Tea - Ceylon black tea, Loose Leaf Tea, 32 Ounce

$19.62


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
Lenses & Filters
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera Drones



Camera Manuals & Guides





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Dancewear
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Makeup
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Dancewear





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval






























Find cheap tea at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























Superior Grade Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 100% Organic

$104.07













Compare Prices 













Primula Teas of the World 17-pc. Tea Set, Multicolor

$27.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Yogi Tea Bedtime Tea-16 Tea Bags

$7.49


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Yogi Tea - Green Tea Super Antioxidant - 16 Tea Bags, Teas & Coffee>Green Teas

$3.39


In Stock


Compare Prices 













100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$110.99













Compare Prices 













Tea strainer for tea pot

$3.75


In Stock


Compare Prices 













MATCHA 1 Bag x 1 Kg (4.4#) GREEN TEA POWDER - MASUDAEN, MADE IN JAPAN

$119.95













Compare Prices 













35/pk WHOA! That's BIG 30mm Pearls - Tea Green

$7.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tea Turtle Tea Infuser

$9.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Gold Tea Tin by CB2

$17.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













WOW Organic Relaxing Hemp Tea 500g

$110.00













Compare Prices 













Yogi Tea Detox Tea-16 Tea Bags

$7.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$87.99













Compare Prices 













Custom 2oz Tea Blend

$9.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tea at Sea Tea Infuser

$3.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Bromley Hot Green Tea Bags - 48/Box

$1.89


In Stock


Compare Prices 













100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$107.99













Compare Prices 













Tattle Tea - Darjeeling black tea, Loose Leaf Tea, 32 Ounce

$30.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$107.99













Compare Prices 













Yogi Tea Organic Stomach Ease Tea-16   Tea Bags

$7.49


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tea Man Silicone Tea Infuser

$9.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sahara Tea 30-Serving Skinny Genie Tea Tin Multi 60 Gram

$12.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$87.99













Compare Prices 













Tattle Tea - Ceylon black tea, Loose Leaf Tea, 32 Ounce

$19.62


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
Lenses & Filters
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera Drones



Camera Manuals & Guides





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Dancewear
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Makeup
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Dancewear





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval






























Find cheap tea at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$110.99













Compare Prices 













Primula Teas of the World 17-pc. Tea Set, Multicolor

$27.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Yogi Tea Bedtime Tea-16 Tea Bags

$7.49


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Yogi Tea - Green Tea Super Antioxidant - 16 Tea Bags, Teas & Coffee>Green Teas

$3.39


In Stock


Compare Prices 













MATCHA 1 Bag x 1 Kg (4.4#) GREEN TEA POWDER - MASUDAEN, MADE IN JAPAN

$119.95













Compare Prices 













Tea strainer for tea pot

$3.75


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Superior Grade Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 100% Organic

$104.07













Compare Prices 













35/pk WHOA! That's BIG 30mm Pearls - Tea Green

$7.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tea Turtle Tea Infuser

$9.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Gold Tea Tin by CB2

$17.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













WOW Organic Relaxing Hemp Tea 500g

$110.00













Compare Prices 













Yogi Tea Detox Tea-16 Tea Bags

$7.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$87.99













Compare Prices 













Custom 2oz Tea Blend

$9.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tea at Sea Tea Infuser

$3.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Bromley Hot Green Tea Bags - 48/Box

$1.89


In Stock


Compare Prices 













100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$107.99













Compare Prices 













Tattle Tea - Darjeeling black tea, Loose Leaf Tea, 32 Ounce

$30.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$107.99













Compare Prices 













Yogi Tea Organic Stomach Ease Tea-16   Tea Bags

$7.49


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tea Man Silicone Tea Infuser

$9.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sahara Tea 30-Serving Skinny Genie Tea Tin Multi 60 Gram

$12.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













100% ORGANIC Premium Dried Cut Hibiscus Flowers Tea,Jaimaica Tea 4oz - 10 LBS

$87.99













Compare Prices 













Tattle Tea - Ceylon black tea, Loose Leaf Tea, 32 Ounce

$19.62


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval















