





Love, Ted W. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Ted W. Love
TED W. LOVE was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of
Nuvelo, Inc., in March 2001, having been appointed President and Chief
Operating Officer of the company in January 2001. He has served as a
Director of the company since February 2001. Dr. Love joined Nuvelo from
Advanced Medicine Inc., where he served as Senior Vice President of
Development from February 1998 to January 2001. Previously, Dr. Love
spent six years at Genentech Inc., holding a number of senior management
positions in medical affairs and product development. As Vice President
of Product Development and Regulatory Affairs at Genentech, Dr. Love
oversaw all drugs in development including Herceptin, Rituxan, and
TNKase. He also served as Chairman of Genentech’s Product Development
Committee. Dr. Love earned a BA in Molecular Biology from Haverford
College and an MD at Yale Medical School. He completed residency and
fellowship training in internal medicine and cardiology at Massachusetts
General Hospital and Harvard Medical School. Following residency
training, Dr. Love joined the faculty of Massachusetts General in the
Department of Cardiology. He also serves as a Trustee on the Board of
Managers of Haverford College and as a member of the Board of Directors
of Predix Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Related Interviews:Ted Love - Nuvelo Inc (nuvo)May 03, 2004







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














Ted W. Love M.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 9:52 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Global Blood Therapeutics Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Ted W. Love M.D.President, CEO & Director, Global Blood Therapeutics Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 13 different industries.See Board Relationships58$1,219,713As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Dr. Ted W. Love, M.D. has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. since June 2014. Dr. Love serves as a Senior Medical Advisor of Ivivi Health Sciences, LLC. He served as a Consultant of Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from August 1, 2012 to December 31, 2012. He served as an Executive Vice President of Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from February 1, 2010 to August 1, 2012 and served as its Head of Research and Development from February ... 1, 2010 to January 2011 and Head of Research & Development and Technical Operations from January 2011 to August 1, 2012. He served as the President of Nuvelo Inc., from January 2001 to 2009 and its Chief Executive Officer from March 2001 to 2009. He served as the Chief Operating Officer of Nuvelo Inc., from January 2001 to March 2001. Prior to Nuvelo Inc., he served as a Senior Vice President of Development at Theravance Inc. (formerly known as Advanced Medicine Inc.) from February 1998 to January 2001. Dr. Love spent six years at Genentech Inc. Dr. Love served as a Research Physician and Vice President of Product Development and Regulatory Affairs at Genentech from 1992 to 1998, he oversaw all drugs in development including Herceptin (R), Rituxan(R) and TNKase(TM). He served as the Chairman of KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since May 1, 2014 until May 2015. He served as the Chairman at Nuvelo Inc., from September 2005 to 2009. He serves as a Director of Oncothyreon and Avillion LLP. He has been an Independent Director at Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. since June 13, 2012. He has been an Independent Director of Cascadian Therapeutics, Inc. since September 06, 2013. He serves as a Director of California Life Sciences Association (formerly California Healthcare Institute). Dr. Love has been a Director at Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. since September 2013. He serves as a Trustee on the board of managers of Haverford College. Dr. Love served as a Director of KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since March 2009 until November 19, 2015 and its Lead Independent Director since May 2015 until November 19, 2015. He served as a Director of Santarus Inc. from March 18, 2005 to January 2, 2014. He served as Director of Stanford Health Care (formerly Stanford Hospital & Clinics). Dr. Love served as a Director of Affymax, Inc. from June 2006 to June 4, 2013. He served as a Director of Mast Therapeutics, Inc. from September 7, 2012 to August 6, 2013. He served as a Director of Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., from 2010 to April 23, 2013. He served as a Director of Anesiva, Inc. since November 23, 2009; ARCA biopharma, Inc. from February 2001 to March 22, 2011; Nuvelo Inc. from February 2001 to 2009; Predix Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. since September 2003 and Predix Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Dr. Love served as the Chairman of Genentech's Product Development Committee. He also served as a member of the Independent California Oversight Committee (ICOC) for Stem Cell Research. He completed his Residency and Fellowship training in Internal Medicine and Cardiology at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School. Following residency training, he joined the faculty of Massachusetts General in the department of cardiology. Dr. Love holds a B.A. in Molecular Biology from Haverford College at Massachusetts General Hospital and an M.D. from Yale Medical School.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
400 East Jamie CourtSouth San Francisco, California 94080United StatesPhone: 650-741-7700Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorCalifornia Life Sciences AssociationDirectorAvillion LLP2012-PresentIndependent DirectorAmicus Therapeutics, Inc.2013-PresentIndependent DirectorCascadian Therapeutics, Inc.2013-PresentPresident, CEO & DirectorGlobal Blood Therapeutics Inc.
Education
BA Haverford CollegeMD Yale University School Of Medicine
Other Affiliations
Cascadian Therapeutics, Inc.Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Predix Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc.Santarus, Inc.Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.Nuvelo Inc.California Life Sciences AssociationPredix Pharmaceuticals, Inc., prior to acquisition by Physiome Sciences, Inc.Anesiva, Inc.Affymax, Inc.Mast Therapeutics, Inc.Haverford CollegeKaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Amicus Therapeutics, Inc.Yale University School Of MedicineARCA biopharma, Inc.Stanford Health CareIvivi Health Sciences, LLCAvillion LLP


Annual Compensation
Salary$479,375Total Annual Compensation$479,375
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$507,838All Other Compensation$2,500
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$711,875Total Short Term Compensation$479,375Other Long Term Compensation$510,338Total Calculated Compensation$1,219,713




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Global Blood Therapeutics Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Ted W. Love M.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Ted W. Love M.D.
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Ted W. Love M.D.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Ted W. Love M.D.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Ted W. Love M.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Ted W. Love M.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Ted W. Love M.D. through your network of contacts.
												








Ted W. Love M.D.'s Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.


Board Member, 
Cascadian Therapeutics, Inc.


Past
To view Ted W. Love M.D.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															Haverford College


														 Bachelor's, 
															Haverford College


Harvard University


Age
58

 
 


Ted W. Love M.D.'s Biography



Ted W. Love, M.D. has served as our Chief Executive Officer and President since June 2014, and as a member of our Board of Directors since September 2013. From February 2010 to August 2012, Dr. Love served as executive vice president, research and development and technical operations of Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Prior to that, from 2001 to January 2009, he served as president, chief executive officer and chairman of Nuvelo, Inc., and previously served as senior vice president, development of Theravance, Inc., from 1998 to 2001. Previously, he spent six years at Genentech, Inc., where he held a number of senior management positions in medical ...
(Read More)

			Ted W. Love, M.D. has served as our Chief Executive Officer and President since June 2014, and as a member of our Board of Directors since September 2013. From February 2010 to August 2012, Dr. Love served as executive vice president, research and development and technical operations of Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Prior to that, from 2001 to January 2009, he served as president, chief executive officer and chairman of Nuvelo, Inc., and previously served as senior vice president, development of Theravance, Inc., from 1998 to 2001. Previously, he spent six years at Genentech, Inc., where he held a number of senior management positions in medical affairs and product development and served as chairman of Genentech's Product Development Committee. Dr. Love currently serves on the board of directors of Amicus Therapeutics, Inc., Oncothyreon Inc. and KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Dr. Love holds a B.A. from Haverford College and an M.D. from Yale Medical School. He completed a residency in internal medicine and fellowship in cardiology at the Massachusetts General Hospital. Dr. Love's qualifications to serve on our Board of Directors include his role as our principal executive officer and more than 20 years of broad leadership and management experience in the pharmaceutical industry.
		
Source: Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Ted W. Love M.D.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Ted W. Love M.D.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Ted W. Love M.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Ted W. Love M.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Ted W. Love M.D. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Ted W. Love M.D.


















Ted W. Love M.D.'s Connections (193)





Sign up now to view Ted W. Love M.D.'s 193 connections »









Barry L. Zubrow
Board Member, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce









Kevin P. Starr
Board Member, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Daniel D. Burgess
Board Member, Arbutus Biopharma Corporation









Wendell D. Wierenga
Board Member, Cytokinetics, Incorporated









John Goetz
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.









Christine A. Tsingos
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.









Kimberly J. Popovits
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Genomic Health, Inc.









Mark L. Perry
Board Member, NVIDIA Corporation









Norman D. Schwartz
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.









William R. Ringo
Board Member, Immune Design Corp.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993




































 



 Ted W. Love, M.D., Named Chairman of the Board of KaloBios 
         










    










 






 











 









Ted W. Love, M.D., Named Chairman of the Board of KaloBios

May 06, 2014, 16:01 ET
		  		  							
						 from   KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







KaloBios logo.  (PRNewsFoto/KaloBios)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




KaloBios logo.  (PRNewsFoto/KaloBios)
 


 

 




 





 


SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, May 6, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:   KBIO) today announced that the company's board of directors has elected Ted W. Love, M.D., as the Chairman, effective May 1, 2014.  Dr. Love succeeds James I. Healy, M.D., Ph.D., who had served as a member of the board of directors and as chairman of the board since 2001.  Dr. Healy recently informed KaloBios that in light of the company's public offering in 2013 and his other present and potential public company board commitments, he did not intend to stand for re-election to the KaloBios board of directors at the upcoming annual meeting of stockholders, scheduled for June 18, 2014.
Dr. Love has been a member of the board of directors since March 2009. He has held senior executive and management positions at a number of biopharmaceutical companies including Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Nuvelo, Inc., Theravance, Inc. and Genentech, Inc. Dr. Love also serves or has served as a member of the boards of directors of biopharmaceutical companies Santarus, Inc., Amicus, Inc., Adventrx, Inc., Affymax, Inc. and BioRad, Inc. and serves on the board of directors of Stanford Hospital & Clinics.
"Jim has been an invaluable member of the KaloBios board of directors for nearly 13 years, and we are deeply indebted to him for his support and guidance during that time," said David Pritchard, President and Chief Executive Officer of KaloBios. "We are extremely fortunate to have someone with Ted's depth of clinical development expertise and leadership experience to step into the Chairman role given Jim's transition." 
About KaloBios
KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is developing a portfolio of proprietary, patient-targeted, first-in-class monoclonal antibodies designed to treat severe life-threatening or debilitating diseases for which there is an unmet medical need, with a clinical focus on severe respiratory diseases and cancer. 

Currently, KaloBios has advanced three programs to clinical development:



KB001-A is an anti-PcrV mAb fragment, partnered exclusively with Sanofi Pasteur, and is being developed for the prevention and treatment of Pseudomonas aeruginosa (Pa) infection. KaloBios has retained rights for the cystic fibrosis (CF) indication and is conducting a 180 patient Phase 2 study in CF subjects with chronic Pa lung infection. KaloBios has received Orphan Drug designation from both the U.S. FDA and the European Medicines Agency for KB001-A for the treatment of Pa lung infection in CF patients. Sanofi is pursuing a ventilator-associated pneumonia prevention indication in the intensive care setting, an indication which has received U.S. FDA Fast Track Designation. 
KB004 is an anti-EphA3 mAb with potential in treating hematologic malignancies and solid tumors. KaloBios is running an ongoing Phase 1/2 study evaluating KB004 in hematologic malignancies. The Phase 1 dose escalation portion of that study in subjects with hematologic malignancies is ongoing. KaloBios initiated the Phase 2 expansion portion of the study focused on patients with certain EphA3 positive hematologic malignancies in early 2014. 
KB003 is an anti-GM-CSF mAb with potential to treat inflammatory diseases that was being developed for the treatment of severe asthma. A Phase 2 clinical study in 160 patients with severe asthma has been completed in the United States, Europe and Australia, which did not meet its primary endpoint of improvement in FEV1 from baseline as compared to placebo.  KaloBios has discontinued development of this compound in severe asthma, and is continuing to analyze the Phase 2 data to review with thought leaders and evaluate other possible indications in order to determine next steps, if any, in the development of KB003.
All of the company's antibodies were generated using its proprietary Humaneered® technology, a method that converts nonhuman antibodies (typically mouse) into recombinant antibodies that have a high binding affinity to their target and are designed for chronic therapeutic use. The company believes that antibodies produced using its Humaneered® technology offer important clinical and economic advantages over antibodies generated by other methods in terms of high binding affinity, high manufacturing yields, and minimal to no immunogenicity (inappropriate immune response) upon repeat administration in humans.
For more information on KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, please visit our web site at http://www.kalobios.com.
Forward Looking Statements
This release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and statements regarding the company's clinical development of KB001-A, KB004 and KB003. Forward-looking statements reflect management's current knowledge, assumptions, judgment and expectations regarding future performance or events. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such statements are reasonable, they give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct and you should be aware that actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, the potential timing and outcomes of clinical studies of KB001-A and KB004 undertaken now or in the future; the potential, if any, for future development of KB003; the company's limited cash reserves and its ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all, including the additional capital which will be necessary to complete the clinical trials that the company has initiated or plans to initiate; the company's dependence on Sanofi Pasteur for the manufacture, development and commercialization of KB001-A; the company's ability to successfully progress or complete further development of its programs; the uncertainties inherent in clinical testing; the timing, cost and uncertainty of obtaining regulatory approvals; the company's ability to protect the company's intellectual property; competition; changes in the regulatory landscape or the imposition of regulations that affect the company's products; and other factors listed under "Risk Factors" in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2014, the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, August 19, and November 12, 2013, and the company's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this release. The company has no obligation, and expressly disclaims any obligation to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
For more information, visit http://www.kalobios.com.
 
Contact:
 
Herb Cross
Chief Financial Officer
KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
(650) 243-3114
ir@kalobios.com
 
Media Contact:
 
Joan E. Kureczka
Kureczka/Martin Associates 
Tel:  (415) 821-2413
Mobile:  (415) 690-0210
Joan@kureczka-martin.com

.
 
 
 SOURCE  KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.kalobios.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















May 08, 2014, 16:01 ET
Preview: KaloBios Provides First Quarter 2014 Financial Results




















Apr 03, 2014, 19:30 ET
Preview: KaloBios Announces Upcoming Participation at Needham Healthcare Conference








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


  



Global Blood Therapeutics Names Ted W. Love as CEO | Business Wire
























































Global Blood Therapeutics Names Ted W. Love as CEO




Global Blood Expands Leadership Team With Appointment of Chief 
      Medical Officer and Key Hires in Development and Finance






June 17, 2014 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Global 
      Blood Therapeutics, a biopharmaceutical company focused on 
      developing novel, orally-available therapeutics for chronic blood 
      diseases, announced today the appointment of Ted W. Love, M.D., to chief 
      executive officer. Dr. Love has served on the company’s board of 
      directors since September 2013. He succeeds interim chief executive 
      officer Mark A. Goldsmith, M.D., Ph.D., a partner at Third Rock Ventures 
      who will remain on the company’s board of directors. The company also 
      appointed Eleanor (Leni) R. Ramos, M.D. to chief medical officer, Kim 
      Graham to senior vice president, development and John Schembri to vice 
      president, finance and administration.
    


      “I am excited and honored to join Global Blood as it advances its lead 
      program toward clinical trials,” stated Dr. Love. “There is a 
      significant need to develop and deliver therapies that will make a 
      meaningful difference in the lives of patients affected by sickle cell 
      disease and other serious blood diseases. The company has made great 
      strides under Mark’s stewardship. I look forward to doing my part in 
      leading the company and bringing our treatments to the clinic and 
      ultimately to patients.”
    

      Dr. Love brings more than 20 years of broad leadership and management 
      experience in the pharmaceutical industry. A number of important new 
      drugs have been developed and approved under his direction. Prior to 
      joining Global Blood Therapeutics, Dr. Love served as executive vice 
      president and head of R&D at Onyx, where he oversaw the approval of 
      Kyprolis for multiple myeloma. Before Onyx, Dr. Love served as 
      president, chief executive officer and chairman of Nuvelo, Inc., where 
      he led growth of the company to a market capitalization of $1 billion. 
      He previously served as senior vice president, development at 
      Theravance, Inc. Earlier in his career, Dr. Love held roles of 
      increasing responsibility in medical affairs and product development at 
      Genentech. As vice president, product development, Dr. Love oversaw the 
      development strategy and execution leading to approvals of Rituxan, 
      Herceptin, Xolair, TNKase, Raptiva and Avastin. Dr. Love has served as a 
      consultant in medicine at Massachusetts’s General Hospital in the 
      department of cardiology. Dr. Love currently sits on the boards of 
      directors of Amicus Therapeutics, Oncothryeon and KaloBios. He holds a 
      B.A. in molecular biology from Haverford College and an M.D. from Yale 
      Medical School.
    

Eleanor R. Ramos, M.D.


      Dr. Ramos, an industry veteran with more than 20 years of experience in 
      the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, will oversee clinical 
      development and medical affairs. Prior to joining Global Blood 
      Therapeutics, Dr. Ramos served as chief medical officer of Theraclone 
      Sciences where she led the development of monoclonal antibody therapies 
      for viral diseases. Prior to Theraclone, she held the role of senior 
      vice president and chief medical officer at ZymoGenetics where she was 
      responsible for the oversight of the company’s clinical portfolio, 
      encompassing programs in oncology, virology and immunology that led to 
      the company’s acquisition by Bristol-Myers Squibb. Dr. Ramos also led 
      significant clinical research and development initiatives while at 
      Bristol-Myers Squibb and Roche Global Development. Previously, Dr. Ramos 
      held faculty appointments at Harvard Medical School, the University of 
      Florida, Yale University and the University of California, San 
      Francisco. Dr. Ramos began her medical career as an academic transplant 
      nephrologist following completion of medical and subspecialty training 
      at Tufts University and Brigham & Women’s Hospital.
    

Kim Graham


      Mr. Graham joins Global Blood Therapeutics as senior vice president, 
      development with more than 35 years of leadership experience in the life 
      science and pharmaceutical industries. Previously, Mr. Graham served as 
      chief executive officer of Innomab, Inc., a consultancy he founded to 
      assist biopharma companies in their pursuit of early drug development 
      and clinical research. Prior to founding Innomab, Mr. Graham held senior 
      leadership roles with Cambridge Antibody Technology, Inc., Roche 
      Bioscience, Genencor International and Syntex, where he managed U.S. and 
      international development programs for new clinical entities. He also 
      currently serves as a member of the board of directors of AbGenomics 
      International, Inc.
    

John Schembri


      Mr. Schembri brings to his role of vice president, finance and 
      administration more than 25 years of experience as a finance executive 
      in the biotechnology industry. Mr. Schembri served as chief financial 
      officer of BiPar Sciences, which was acquired by Sanofi-Aventis for $500 
      million. Prior to that, Mr. Schembri led the finance team at Sirna 
      Therapeutics, which was acquired by Merck & Co. for $1.1 billion. He 
      also served a key role in the $2 billion sale and integration of COR 
      Therapeutics to Millennium Pharmaceuticals in 2001.
    

      About Global Blood Therapeutics
    

      Global Blood Therapeutics is a biopharmaceutical company developing 
      novel, orally-available therapeutics for chronic blood diseases. The 
      company is addressing severe, non-malignant blood-based diseases for 
      which there are currently no effective cures and only limited 
      therapeutic options. Global Blood Therapeutics is focused on the 
      critical need for therapeutics that address the underlying causes of 
      blood diseases, not just the symptoms. The company’s extensive drug 
      discovery capabilities — combining world-class medicinal chemistry with 
      deep expertise in blood biology — are driving its product pipeline of 
      mechanism-based therapeutics, including programs in sickle cell disease 
      and hereditary angioedema. Global Blood Therapeutics is a private 
      company launched in 2012 by Third Rock Ventures with an experienced 
      leadership team and renowned scientific founders. For more information, 
      please visit www.globalbloodtx.com.
    




Contacts

      Pure CommunicationsAlicia Gronneberg, 910-239-5036alicia@purecommunicationsinc.com














Release Summary
Global Blood Therapeutics Names Ted W. Love as CEO






Contacts

      Pure CommunicationsAlicia Gronneberg, 910-239-5036alicia@purecommunicationsinc.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up
















Ted W. Love, M.D. - 11th Annual Foundation for Sickle Cell Disease Research and Educational Symposiu

















































    This event has ended.
                Visit the official site or create your own event on Sched.
          





11th Annual Foundation for Sickle Cell Disease Research and Educational Symposiu

  




SYMPOSIUM THEMEHemoglobin S - Making an Evolutionary Perfected Process, Imperfect Journal of Sickle Cell Disease and HemoglobinoopathiesSYMPOSIUM ABSTRACTSMeeting Location: Greater Ft. Lauderdale Convention Center1950 Eisenhower Blvd, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, USA  33316April 28 - 30, 2017 Website:  fscdr.orgEmail:  symposium@fscdr.orgIs this a CME Medical Meeting?  Yes      





Schedule


Simple
Expanded
Grid
By Venue


 
Speakers
Sponsors
Exhibitors
Exhibit and Sponsorship


Search








 
or browse by date + venue


 Abstract Breakout Sessions I Basic Science
 Abstract Breakout Sessions I Health Services Research
 Abstract Breakout Sessions I Psychosocial
 Abstract Breakout Sessions II Clinical Epidemiology
 Abstract Breakout Sessions II Health Services Research
 Abstracts Breakout Sessions II Clinical Research
 Break
 Breakfast
 East Meets West
 Educational Workshops I
 Educational Workshops II
 EHRA Investigators
 FSCDR Dinner
 Investigational Drug Symposium
 Keynote
 Lunch
 NIH Focus Groups
 Opening Reception and Dinner
 Patients and Pharma
 Plenary
 Poster Presentations
 Registration


Popular


 



















View analytic




Ted W. Love, M.D.                        

Global Blood Therapeutics        Chief Executive Officer


          Dr. Love has more than 20 years of broad leadership and management experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Dr. Love most recently served as executive vice president, research and development and technical operations at Onyx Pharmaceuticals, where he played an instrumental role in initiating and completing several of Onyx’s first Phase 3 clinical trials. Prior to Onyx, Dr. Love served as president, chief executive officer and chairman of Nuvelo, Inc., where he led growth of the company to a market capitalization of $1 billion, and previously served as senior vice president, development at Theravance, Inc. Earlier in his career, Dr. Love held roles of increasing responsibility in medical affairs and product development at Genentech. As vice president, product development, Dr. Love oversaw the development strategy and execution leading to approvals of Rituxan, Herceptin, Xolair, TNKase, Raptiva and Avastin. Dr. Love has served as a consultant in medicine at Massachusetts’s General Hospital in the department of cardiology. Dr. Love currently sits on the board of directors of Amicus Therapeutics and Cascadian Therapeutics (formerly Oncothyreon). Dr. Love holds a B.A. in molecular biology from Haverford College and an M.D. from Yale Medical School. Dr. Love completed his residency in internal medicine and fellowship in cardiology at the Massachusetts General Hospital.        

 

My Speakers Sessions



Friday, April 28

  
 4:00pm

Investigational Drugs, Therapeutic and Device Symposium Floridian Ballroom A & B 3rd FloorGregory J. Kato, M.D. • Osheiza Abdulmalik, Ph.D. • Kenneth R. Bridges, M.D. • Robert J. Charnigo, M.S. • Ahmed Daak, Ph.D., MSc, MBBS • Edward Gomperts, M.D. • W. Keith Hoots, M.D. • Ronald Jubin, Ph.D. • Josh Lehrer, M.D. • Ted W. Love, M.D.
 

   







 


Filter By Date

11th Annual Foundation for Sickle Cell Disease Research and Educational Symposiu
Apr 28-30, 2017





Friday, April 28
Saturday, April 29
Sunday, April 30



Filter By Venue
Fort Lauderdale, FL, United States

Sort schedule by Venue
203/204 Prefunction 2nd Floor209/210 North Lobby 3rd Floor209/210 Prefunction 2nd Floor301/302 North Lobby 3rd Floor304 North Lobby 3rd Floor305 North Lobby 3rd Floor305 Prefunction 2nd Floor315/316 South Lobby 3rd Floor317 South Lobby 3rd FloorFloridian Ballroom A & B 3rd FloorFloridian FoyerFort Lauderdale Convention CenterHugh's CateringPrefunction Floridian 3rd Floor


Filter By Type
 Abstract Breakout Sessions I Basic Science
 Abstract Breakout Sessions I Health Services Research
 Abstract Breakout Sessions I Psychosocial
 Abstract Breakout Sessions II Clinical Epidemiology
 Abstract Breakout Sessions II Health Services Research
 Abstracts Breakout Sessions II Clinical Research
 Break
 Breakfast
 East Meets West
 Educational Workshops I
 Educational Workshops II
 EHRA Investigators
 FSCDR Dinner
 Investigational Drug Symposium
 Keynote
 Lunch
 NIH Focus Groups
 Opening Reception and Dinner
 Patients and Pharma
 Plenary
 Poster Presentations
 Registration


Popular





Twitter Feed






   


  


Take a tour or contact the event organizer for event questions.    

        Use sched for
event social networking and event mobile apps.
    














 



Global Blood Therapeutics Appoints Ted W. Love, M.D., to the Company’s Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































Global Blood Therapeutics Appoints Ted W. Love, M.D., to the 
      Company’s Board of Directors






September 19, 2013 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Global Blood Therapeutics, a product-focused company developing novel, 
      orally-available therapeutics for chronic blood diseases, today 
      announced the appointment of Ted W. Love, M.D., to the company’s board 
      of directors. Dr. Love most recently served as executive vice president, 
      research and development and technical operations at Onyx 
      Pharmaceuticals.
    


      “Ted is a seasoned industry leader with extensive drug development 
      experience and an impressive track record of moving drug candidates 
      through the clinic to approval,” said Mark A. Goldsmith, M.D., Ph.D., 
      chief executive officer of Global Blood Therapeutics and partner at 
      Third Rock Ventures. “We are pleased to welcome him to the Global Blood 
      Therapeutics team as we continue to advance our pipeline of preclinical 
      programs focused on blood diseases, including sickle cell disease. We 
      fully expect Ted to have significant impact in helping us fulfill our 
      vision of changing the treatment paradigm for chronic blood diseases.”
    

      Dr. Love has more than 20 years of broad leadership and management 
      experience in the pharmaceutical industry. In his most recent position 
      at Onyx, he played an instrumental role in initiating and completing 
      several of Onyx’s first Phase 3 clinical trials. Prior to Onyx, Dr. Love 
      served as president, chief executive officer and chairman of Nuvelo, 
      Inc., where he led growth of the company to a market capitalization of 
      $1 billion, and previously served as senior vice president, development 
      at Theravance, Inc. Earlier in his career, Dr. Love held roles of 
      increasing responsibility in medical affairs and product development at 
      Genentech. As vice president, product development, Dr. Love oversaw the 
      development strategy and execution leading to approvals of Rituxan, 
      Herceptin, Xolair, TNKase, Raptiva and Avastin. Dr. Love has served as a 
      consultant in medicine at Massachusetts’s General Hospital in the 
      department of cardiology. Dr. Love currently sits on the board of 
      directors of Santarus, Amicus Therapeutics, Oncothryeon, Avillion and 
      KaloBios. He holds a B.A. in molecular biology from Haverford College 
      and an M.D. from Yale Medical School.
    

      “I have a longstanding interest in trying to solve sickle cell disease 
      and other chronic blood diseases that are inadequately served,” said Dr. 
      Love. “The current standard of care for sickle cell disease focuses on 
      treating acute symptoms, despite the chronic, underlying disease process 
      that causes progressive damage to the vital organs. What I find most 
      compelling about Global Blood Therapeutics’ approach is its emphasis on 
      addressing fundamental mechanisms of disease, not just the symptoms, and 
      I look forward to helping advance these potentially breakthrough 
      therapeutics.”
    

About Global Blood Therapeutics


      Global Blood Therapeutics is a product-focused company developing novel, 
      orally-available therapeutics for chronic blood diseases. The Company is 
      addressing severe, non-malignant blood-based diseases for which there 
      are currently no effective cures and only limited therapeutic options. 
      Global Blood Therapeutics is focused on the critical need for 
      therapeutics that address the underlying causes of blood diseases, not 
      just the symptoms. The Company’s extensive drug discovery capabilities — 
      combining world-class medicinal chemistry with deep expertise in blood 
      biology — are driving its product pipeline of mechanism-based 
      therapeutics, including programs in sickle cell disease and hereditary 
      angioedema. Global Blood Therapeutics is a private company launched in 
      2012 by Third Rock Ventures with an experienced leadership team and 
      renowned scientific founders. For more information, please visit www.globalbloodtx.com







Contacts

      Pure CommunicationsAlicia Gronneberg, 910-239-5036Alicia@purecommunicationsinc.com














Release Summary
Global Blood Therapeutics Appoints Ted W. Love, M.D., to the Company’s Board of Directors






Contacts

      Pure CommunicationsAlicia Gronneberg, 910-239-5036Alicia@purecommunicationsinc.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Ted Wendell Love - Sonoma, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Ted Wendell Love in Sonoma, CA


Ted Wendell Love

                                                                           Intelius found that Ted Wendell Love  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Sonoma, CA.  We have connected them to
                15 addresses,
                14 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Ted  Loveindependent


Get Report Now

Age

Ted Wendell Love is in his 50s

Ted Has Lived In

Sonoma, CA
San Mateo, CA
South San Francisco, CA

Ted's Relatives

Doug Love
Alex Love
Alexandra Love
Sammy Love







Ted Wendell Love



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer at Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Ted? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Ted, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Ted Wendell Love
Get a Criminal Check on Ted Wendell Love
Get a Public Record Report on Ted Wendell Love
Get a People Search Report on Ted Wendell Love


Ted Wendell Love's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Ted Wendell Love has lived as well as Ted Wendell Love's phone numbers and email addresses.




Ted Wendell Love Has Lived in 3 States
California Address for Ted Wendell Love


19870 7** S* E 

Sonoma, CA


Has Lived In

Sonoma, CA
San Mateo, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Ted Wendell Love

(650) ***-**** - Burlingame, CA 
(650) ***-**** - Burlingame, CA 
(650) ***-**** - Burlingame, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Ted Wendell Love

t******e@***.com
t***e@***.com
t***e@***.com


Get Email Report




Ted Wendell Love's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Ted Wendell Love's academic history.  Find out which schools Ted Wendell Love attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Ted Wendell Love received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Ted Wendell Love Has Attended 8 Schools
Harvard Medical School 1989 – 1991               Ted Wendell Love has a Fellowship in Cardiology               
Harvard Medical School               1989 – 1991               Ted Wendell Love has a Fellowship, Cardiology in Cardiology               
Harvard Medical School               1985 – 1988               Ted Wendell Love has a Residency in Internal Medicine               
Harvard Medical School               1985 – 1988               Ted Wendell Love has a Residency, Internal Medicine in Internal Medicine               
Yale University               1981 – 1985               Ted Wendell Love has a MD in Medicine               
Yale University               1981 – 1985               Ted Wendell Love has a Md, Medicine in Medicine               
Haverford College               1977 – 1981               Ted Wendell Love has a B.A. in Molecular Biology               
Haverford College               1977 – 1981               Ted Wendell Love has a B.a., Molecular Biology in Molecular Biology               


Ted Wendell Love's Professional Information
Information regarding Ted Wendell Love's professional history.  Find out previous places Ted Wendell Love has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Ted Wendell Love Has Worked at 19 Places
Company: Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
Company: Bio-Rad Laboratories Inc
               Title: Director
Ted Wendell Love's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $10 mil to less than $25 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100. (GBT) is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to discovering, developing and commercializing novel therapeutics to treat grievous blood-based disorders with significant unmet need. GBT is developing its initial product candidate, GBT440, as an oral, once-daily therapy for sickle cell disease (SCD) and is currently evaluating GBT440 in both healthy subjects and SCD patients in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind Phase 1/2 clinical trial. In addition to GBT440 for the treatment of SCD, GBT is engaged in research and development activities targeted toward hypoxemic pulmonary disorders, including idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) and hereditary angioedema (HAE).
Title: Director
               Company: Bio-Rad Laboratories Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000. Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (Bio-Rad) manufactures and supplies the life science research, healthcare, analytical chemistry and other markets with a range of products and systems used to separate complex chemical and biological materials and to identify, analyze and purify their components. Bio-Rad operates in two segments: Life Science and Clinical Diagnostics. During the year ended December 31, 2008, the Company acquired additional shares of DiaMed Holding AG, bringing its total ownership to 93.46%.(Source: 10-K).
Additional Professional Information on Ted Wendell Love

 See Ted Wendell Love's LinkedIn Profile



Ted Wendell Love's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Ted Wendell Love


Ted Wendell Love's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Ted Wendell Love's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Ted Love
Username Matches

                  TedLove
                  LoveTed
                  Ted.Love
                  Love.Ted
                  Ted_Love
                  Love_Ted
                  Ted-Love
                  Love-Ted
                  TLove
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Love







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











