


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Search for Doctors and Other Clinicians | CTCA











































































For Referring Physicians


For Current Patients


Request an Appointment




Call us 24/7 at 
(888) 851-8402
Chat online now test



















(888) 851-8402



(888) 851-8402







Have questions? Call (888) 851-8402 to speak to a cancer information specialist.





































Search for doctors & clinicians




At Cancer Treatment Centers of America®, cancer treatment is personalized to your individual needs. Our doctors and clinicians work together to deliver integrative care that is tailored to your needs. To learn more, search our cancer experts by specialty, location or name.


















Search doctors


clear


All Hospitals: All Specialties

We do not currently have a clinician bio for the name you searched.




Elham  Abboud, MD




Emil  Abramian, MD




Syed A. Abutalib, MD




Jill  Agin, RD, LD, CNSC




Eugene  Ahn, MD




Sramila  Aithal, MD




Tara  Alaichamy, PT, DPT, CLT




Irina  Aleynikova, MSOM, LAc




Kathy  Aliffi, MSN, NP-C




Shannon  Allison, PT, CLT




Abdul Hamid  Alraiyes, MD, FCCP




Nejd  Alsikafi, MD




Laurence H. Altshuler, MD




Ricardo H. Alvarez, MD, MSc




Juan  Alzate, MD




Samantha   Amato, PA-C




Miral  Amin, MD




Lila  Ammouri, MD




Courtney  Anderson, PA-C 




Katherine  Anderson, ND, FABNO




Drew  Angus, DMin




Shanetia   Avinger, MSN, APRN, FNP-C




Mark  Axness, MD




Eliza  Bacot, ACNP, RN




Peter  Baik, DO, FACOS




Kala  Bailey, MS, LPC, RD, LDN




Clinton J. Baird, MD




Lisa  Baldwin, MD




Kelly  Baltazar, ND, DC, MS




Aroop  Banerji, ND, FABNO




Kenna Brooke  Barber, ND




Mary  Bartolome, PT, CLT




Raman  Battish, MD




Rabih  Bechara, MD, FCCP




Herbert H.  Beck III, MD




Derrick  Beech, MD, FACS




Jason  Beland, MD




Elise  Benczkowski, ND




Cathleen  Bender, PT




Gary  Bernstein, MD, FACS, MBA




Sandra  Beta, MSN, APN, RN, OCN HN-BC




Carol  Bier-Laning, MD, FACS




Timothy C. Birdsall, ND, FABNO




Shauna M. Birdsall, ND, FABNO




David  Block




Aric  Blom, PA-C




Robert W. Bloom, MD




Samantha Vander  Bloomen, RD, LD




Kelsey   Blumer, MMS, PA-C




Anthony  Bolden, PA-C




Ioana  Bonta, MD




Vera  Boone, PA-C




Lynn  Alison Bornfriend, MD




David M. Boyd, MD




Gerald  Boyles, MD




Michelle   Bregenzer, WHCNP-BC, MSN, RN




Dmitriy  Breydburd, MD




W. Todd  Brookover, MD




Kia   Brooks, PA-C




Charles Komen  Brown, MD, PhD




Meagan  Brown, MA, LCSW




Allison  Bryant, NP




Morgan   Cadrette, RD, LD




Alexandria  Callahan, LCPC, BC-DMT, GLCMA




Barry  Calvert, OTR/L




Travis  Campbell, PA-C




Gus  Canaday Jr., APRN, CNP, FNP




Kathryn  Cantera, PT, DPT, CLT




Erika  Carachilo, MA/CCC-SLP, CLT




Jennifer  Cargile, MEd, CCC-SLP




Kalli N. Castille, MS, RD, FAND, LD




Sean  Cavanaugh, MD




Sharad  Chandrika, MD




Anya  Chang, ND




Sung  Chang, MD




Ricky  Chang, MD




Mingkui  Chen, MD, PhD




Jeffery  Choh, MD




Lanceford M. Chong, MD, MPH




Mashiul  Chowdhury, MD




Shahin  Chowdhury, DO




Justin  Chura, MD




Dennis  Citrin, MD, PhD




Janell  Clark, APN-BC, MSN, MBA




Carter   Co, MD




Richard  Cogan




John  Cook, MD




Melanie  Corbman, MS, LCGC




Randall  Craft, MD




Pamela  Crilley, DO




Judd  Cummings, MD




Sadie  Dahlk, RD, LDN, CNSC, CSO




Susan   Damico, MS, FNP-C, AOCNP




Sharon  Day, RD, MBA, CSO, CNSC




Barbara  Dehel, PA-C




Michael  DelaTorre, MD




John S.  Dennis, DO




Kyle  Dent, MS, RD, CSO, LDN




Ashish  Dhungel, MD




Lucio  Di Nunno, MD




Ruth  Diamond, RN, FNP-BC




Hannah  Do, MD




Joseph  Domanico, DOT




Rhonwynn  Dozier, PA-C, MMSc-PA




Pierrette  Dsamou, MD




Fred  Durden, MD




Samantha  Edwards, ND, FABNO




Holly  Edwards, MS, RD, LD




Eliot  Edwards, ND, FABNO




Rola E.  Eid, DO, FACOS




Munit  Emlaelu, MD




Jude   Emokpare, MD




Jessica  Engelbrecht, MS, RD, CSR, LD, CNSC 




Altovise  Ewing, PhD




Susan  Fairley-Holbach, RN, ACNP




Hongyu  Fang, MD




John H. Farley, MD, FACOG, FACS




Laura C.  Farrington, DO




Julia  Fechtner, RD, LDN, CNSC, CSO




Jennifer  Feingold, LAc, MAc, PA-C




John G.  Fernandez, MD




Diane  Fernandez, MD




Angelishea  Ferrell, LMSW




Debora   Fineman, MD




Chad  Finney, NCTMB, LMT




Kenneth  Flanagan, MD




Kyle   Flowers, DO




James  Flynn, MD, FACR, FACRO




Lawrence  Foster, MDiv




Eric  Fowler, MS, LGC




Cody  Frech




Carl  Frizell, PA-C, MSPAS




Yiping  Fu, MD, FCCP




Charles  Fulp, MD




Karen  Gafford, PA-C




Paul  Gannon, ND




Fernando U. Garcia, MD




Harry  Gatewood, MDiv




John  Geisler, MD, FACOG




Deborah  Gelbspan, MD




Bruce  Gershenhorn, DO




Amy  Gholsten, MS, RD, CSO




Richard  Gilson, MD




Andrew H. Goldstein, MD, FACS




Sara  Gomendi, ND, FABNO




Jennifer Moore Goodson, RN, MSN, FNP-C




Chip  Gordon, MDiv




Joel L. Granick, MD, MS




Pierre  Greeff, MD, FACS




Alyson  Greiter, RD, CSO, LDN




Meredith  Grigsby, OTR/L




Ann  Grimes, PA-C




Chetan S. Gujrathi, MD




Syed  Haider, MD




Hatem  Halabi, MD, FACS




Christopher  Halpin, MD




Debrah  Harding, ND, FABNO




Jenna  Hearn, DPT, ATRIC




Curt J. Heese, MD, MS




Rebecca   Heintzelman, MD




Scott  Hendrickson, DO, FACOI




Emily  Herbert, FNP-C




Britt  Hermann, LCSW




Amy  Herrick, MSN, FNP, AOCNP




Joshua  Herskovic, MD




Kendal  Hervert, DO




Kristen  Hilburger, FNP-C




Danielle  Hill, RD, LDN




Jeffrey  Hoag, MD, MS, FCCP




Timothy  Holder, MD, FAAFP




Mirela  Holtz, PT, DPT, CLT




Noah S. Horowitz, MD




Harold  Huss, DO, FACS




Amanda  Hutchinson, MD




Christian  Hyde, MD




Cynthia  Ingram, BS, RN, HN-BC, COHN-S




Jessica  Isaac, MSN, ANP-BC, AOCNP




Vivek  Iyer, MD




Wissam  Jaber, MD




Carol Mackenzie   Jackson, PhD, PA-C




Jordana  Jaffee, MD




Melissa   Jakubowski, RD, CSO, LDN




Sharone  Jensen, MD




Patricia  Johnson, ND, MS, RN, LAc




Anita  Johnson, MD, FACS




Toufic  Kachaamy, MD




Kirsten   Kane, MS, RD, LD




Puja  Karanth, MD




Kevin  Kasper, MD




Pranay  Kathuria, MD, FACP, FASN, FNKF




Solomon  Katta, MD




Michael  Kayser, DO, FACMG




Shayma Master  Kazmi, MD, RPh




Daniel  Kellman, ND, FABNO




Douglas  Kelly, MD




Adam  Kerievsky, ND, LAc, FABNO




Shazia  Khan, MD




Raza  Khan, MD




Don  King, MD




Jonathon  Kirkland, DO




Sarah  Kiser, MS, RD




Suzi  Kochar, MD




Suzi  Kochar, MD




Naini  Kohli, ND, FABNO




Henry  Krebs, MD




Joe  L’Abbe, PT




Shawnie  Lamborn, DC




Carolyn  Lammersfeld, MBA, MS, RD, CSO, LD




Todd  Lane, OTR/L




Crystal  Langlois, RD, LD




Heidi  Larder, NP-C




Brian  Larsen, MA, LCPC




Tran  Le, PA-C




Charles  Lindsey, MD




Daniel  Liu, MD




Arturo  Loaiza-Bonilla, MD, MSEd, FACP




LaWanda  Long, MDiv




Jason   Lu, MD, FCCP




Khara  Lucius, ND, FABNO




William  Lyday, MD




Cynthia  Lynch, MD




Stephen  Lynch, MD




Victoria  Mahboub, MS, LCSW




Asim  Mahmood, MD




Daina  Mallard, MMS, PA-C, MS, RD, LDN




Kelly   Manahan, MD, FACOG




Maurie   Markman, MD




Laura  Martin, MD




Stephanie  Mazzanti, LCPC, E RYT 200




Timothy  McCay, DO




Robert D. McCullough II, DO




Charles  McDonald, DC




Larry  McKenzie, DO




John E. McKnight, MD, MBA




Mark  Medlin, MD




Eyal  Meiri, MD




Jeffrey A. Metts, MD, MPH




Debbie  Mewbourne, MS, APRN, CNP, AOCNP, CBCN




Daniel  Miller, MD




Ashley  Miller, APRN




Lynn  Misch, MS, RN, FNP




Cheryl  Mitcham, PA-C, MMSc-PA




Diane  Mokhtarpour, PA-C




Brad Russell Mons, DO




Colleen  Mooney, MS, MPH, RD, CSO, LDN




Sarah  Moony, MS, RD, PA-C




Stephanie R. Moore, DNP, APRN, ACNS-BC




Jessica  Moore, ND




Diego  Muilenburg, MD




Rob  Mukerjee, MD




David  Mumma, PA-C




Daniel  Nader, DO, FCCP, FACP




Madhavi  Nagilla, MD




Rakhshanda  Neelam, MD




Nathan  Neufeld, DO




Mary  Ninan, MD




Anne  Ojala, MSN, CRNP, AOCNP 




Raquel  Oliveira, PT, DPT




Charles  Onunkwo, MD




Lori  Ormsby, APRN, CNS




Daniel  Osberg, OTR, CLT




Brandy  Owens, PA-C, MPAS




Haritha  Pabbathi, MD




Julie  Pak, NP-C




Jeffrey  Paparone, MDiv




Ankur  Parikh, DO




Bijal  Parikh, PA-C




Mary  Parker Davis, MS, RD, LD




Christopher  Parks, MD




Nimesh  Patel, MD




Ankur  Patel, MD




Kamal  Patel, MD




Sutchin  Patel, MD, FACS




Mehul  Patel, PA-C




Atulkumar  Patel, MD




Jalpa  Patel, PA-C




John  Pawloski, MD, PhD




Brent C.  Paxton, DC




Michael S. Payne, Jr., MD




Aaron  Pelletier, MD




Nicole  Perez, MA, RMT




Anthony  Perre, MD




Angela  Peters, MSN, NP-C




Samantha  Peterson, MS, RD




Alexandria  Phan, MD




Renee   Pieroth, MS, RD, CSO, LDN, 




Michael  Pinell, MD, MHA




Mary  Pirrung, MSN, FNP-C




Evan  Pisick, MD




Theodore  Pollock, DO, FACOI




Lisa Marie Poormon, PT, DPT, M Ed, CLT




Angella  Popinga, OTR/L, CLT-LANA




Ravi  Prakash, MD, MRCP 




Raquel  Prati, MD




Letitia  Price, PA-C, MCMSc-PA




Scott  Price, MD




Katherine  Puckett, PhD, MS, MSW, LCSW




David  Quintero, MD




Farhang  Rabbani, MD, FRCSC




Raed  Rahman, DO




Supriya  Raina-Hukku, MD




Brion V. Randolph, MD




Kimberly  Randolph, MSN, FNP-BC




Stephen P. Ray, MD, FACS, DABMA




Istvan  Redei, MD




Lauren  Redig, PT, DPT




Russell Mark Reisner, MD, FACS




Sabrina  Rene, MD




June  Rhoda, BS, MSN, FNP-BC, CRNP




Patricia  Rich, MD




Craig A.  Richman, MD, FACS




Sean  Riley, DC




Matt  Rinehart, MS, RD, CSO, LD




Gordon  Robson, DO




Susi  Roos, RN, MDiv




James E. Rosenberg, DC




Carolyn   Ruef, CRNP, AOCNP, APHN-BC




Anthony  Rutledge, ND




Steven  Sabath, DO




Farshid   Sadeghi, MD




Harshad  Sakhalkar, PhD




Kamorin  Samson, RD, BSN




Sara  Sanders, MS, RD, CSO




Ashish  Sangal, MD




Soonja  Sawyer, PA-C, MPAS




Wendell   Scanterbury, M.Div, CMC




Diane  Schaab, MS, LPC




Julian  Schink, MD




Patricia  Schloe, LMT, LPN




Richard  Schmidt, MD (Chicago area hospital)




Richard  Schmidt, MD (Philadelphia hospital)




Christopher  Schmidt, DO




Nathan  Schober, MS, RD, LD, CNSC




John  Schuler, MD




Susan  Sears, PA-C




Neil  Seeley, MD




Matthew  Seidel, MD




Deborah  Selm-Orr, RN, MS, DNP, CRNP, AOCN




Amarjit  Sen, PhD, DABR




Peter  Senatore, DO




Judy  Sequeira, MD




Eric  Sewell, MA




Anand  Shah, MD, MPH




Kunjan   Shah, PA-C




Rohit R. Shah, MD




Karan  Shah, MD, MBA




Lily  Shakibnia, MD




Christina  Shannon, ND, MBA, FABNO




Imran   Shariff, MD




Sonya M. Sharpless, MD




Audrey   Shaw, PA-C




Ashwin  Sheelvanth, MD




Julie  Shelby, MS, OTR/L




Scott  Shelfo, MD, FACS




Leah  Sherman, ND




Richard A. Shildt, MD




Sagun  Shrestha, MD




Samata  Shroff, PA-C




Svetlana  Sigalov, LMT




Keith  Simmons, DO




Bryan  Simms, DO, FAOCA




Tiearea   Sims, AG-ACNP, MSN, BSN, RN




Gurneet M. Singh, ND, LAc




Pakorn  Sirijintakarn, MD




Jeffrey A. Sklar, DC




Felicia  Slaton, PA-C, MHS




Michelle  Smekens, ND, FABNO




Elaine  Smith, MS, LMFT




Patrice  Smith, OTR/L




Jessica  Smith, MS, RD, CSO, LD




Karen  Smorowski, MD




Erin  Smucker, RD, LD




Yalda  Soha, DC, LAc, Dipl OM




Edra  Spevack, ND




Jennifer  Spicer, MA, PA-C




Marnee  Spierer, MD




Steven B. Standiford, MD, FACS




Craig  Steingraber, DC




Christopher McCord Stephenson, DO




Benita  Stevens, OTR/L, CLT




Jarrett  Stoll, MS, RD, LDN




David  Suh, MD




Holly  Sullivan, LCSW




Aurelia  Summerlin, MSN, APRN-BC, BMTCN




Narayan  Sundaram, MD, MBA




Revathi  Suppiah, MD




Benjamin  Sussman, DO, FAAFP




John  Swanson, PhD




Andrea M. Swartz, RD, LD




Mahdi  Taha, DO, FACOI




Bradford A. Tan, MD




Alan  Tan, MD




Richard  Tannen, MD, FCCP




Tanis  Taylor, LMFT




Karen  Taylor, PA-C




Pragatheeshwar  Thirunavukarasu, MD




Michael  Thomas, MD, FACS




Richard  Ticer, DO




Lucas  Tims, ND, FABNO




Kaoutar  Tlemcani, MD




Jenise   Tondini, PA-C




David L. Topolsky, MD




Jay  Trambadia, PsyD, MS




Kristen  Trukova, MS, RD, LDN, CNSC, CSO




Kevin  Tulipana, DO




Sarah  Tuohy, BSN, APNP, FNP




Kia  Twyman, PA-C




Michael  Uhl, MA, MDiv, LMFT




Carl N.  Valentin, MD




Brandy  Valentine, MAcOM




Lori  VanHorn, ANP-BC, APNP, MSN, RN




Glynis  Vashi, MD




Pankaj G. Vashi, MD




Pamela  Veale, PT




Irina  Vigovskaya, PA-C




Shelly  Vijay, MD




David P. Visco, MD, FCCP




Huan N.  Vu, MD




Steven C. Wagner, MD




David  Wakefield, PhD




Kenneth  Waldrup, MDiv




Andrea  Wall, APRN - ACNP-C, FNP-C, RNFA




Kristin  Wasley, MS, RN, APRN-BC




Kevin  Watkins, MD




Jordan  Waypa, MSN, APRN, FNP-C




Jeffrey M. Weber, MD




Valeria  Weiss, MS, RPA-C




Robert P. Whitehead, MD




Rotonda  Williams, PA-C, MMSc-PA




Sunhee  Williams, ND, MSA, LAc, FABNO




Carl  Williamson




Kevin E.  Woods, MD, MPH




Alan  Yahanda, MD, FACS




Leon J. Yoder, DO, FACP




Kenny S. Yoo, MD




Jong Hyeon  Yoo, MD




Helen  Yoo Bowne, MD




Jennifer  Young, MSPT




Mohammad  Yunus, MD




Sara  Zank, FNP-C, AOCNP




Delu  Zhou, MD, PhD

























Online Chat
Fill out all of the form below and we will connect you to someone to assist you.




First Name:

Don't forget to enter your first name.


Last Name:

Don't forget to enter your last name.


Email Address

Please enter a valid email address so we can respond to your inquiry.


Who are you seeking cancer care for?


Myself
My Spouse
A family member
A friend
None of the above

Please enter who you are seeking care for.



What type of insurance do you have?

Other

Please enter the type of insurance.




				I have read and understand the disclaimer.
                    Please review the disclaimer.

Chat now



























Loxo Oncology

















Innovating the development of highly selective medicines for patients with genetically defined cancers




We are developing a pipeline of purpose-built, targeted medicines against known genetic drivers of cancer.




Learn more
Learn more about Loxo Oncology








Patient Resources







Patient Resources
Learn more about our clinical trials and what it means to have a genetically defined cancer.




Learn more here





Abstracts & Publications







Latest Abstracts & Publications
A Pediatric Phase 1 Study of larotrectinib, a Highly Selective Inhibitor of the…




See all publications














Understanding the Biological Basis of Genetically Defined Cancers




Understanding the Biological Basis of Genetically Defined Cancers
Cancer is a disease of the DNA, with specific cancers often arising from distinct activating gene alterations. In the case of any given patient’s specific cancer, the “driving” gene alteration orders the cell to continue to divide, causing the cancerous tumor to form. In order to continue to survive, these tumors depend on the continued alteration of this gene and are uniquely vulnerable to any drug that is able to disrupt the faulty signaling pathway. Loxo Oncology is focused on developing therapies for cancers that are uniquely dependent on single gene abnormalities, such that a single drug has the potential to treat the cancer, by directly inhibiting a tumor’s driving genetic alteration.
Learn more







Learn more




Patient Resources








Understanding
Genetic Alterations
Learn more






Understanding
Genetic Testing
Learn more






Learn About
Genetically Defined Cancers
Learn more






Understanding
Targeted Therapies
Learn more












larotrectinib(LOXO - 101)
Learn more about Loxo Oncology's lead candidate, larotrectinib (LOXO-101), the only selective TRK inhibitor in clinical development.
learn more >







Our Pipeline
The most selective, purpose-built medicines have the highest probability of maximally inhibiting the intended target.
learn more >







Patient Education
What does it mean to have a genetically defined cancer? Click here for additional information and resources.
learn more >









Career Opportunities
Learn more about current jobs available with Loxo Oncology.

                Join Our Team
            























Investor Relations | Loxo Oncology















Investor Relations
Overview







OverviewPress ReleasesEvents & PresentationsCorporate GovernanceFinancials & FilingsStock InformationInvestor FAQsPublicationsContact
Shareholder Tools






Email Alerts






Overview
Loxo Oncology is a biopharmaceutical company innovating the development of highly selective medicines for patients with genetically defined cancers.
Our pipeline focuses on cancers that are uniquely dependent on single gene abnormalities, such that a single drug has the potential to treat the cancer with dramatic effect. We believe that the most selective, purpose-built medicines have the highest probability of maximally inhibiting the intended target, thereby delivering best-in-class disease control and safety. Our management team seeks out experienced industry partners, world-class scientific advisors and innovative clinical-regulatory approaches to deliver new cancer therapies to patients as quickly and efficiently as possible.
Loxo Oncology derives its company name from an attendant of the Greek goddess Artemis, who represented the concept of trajectory in the sport of archery.


Stock Quote

$73.50
-0.77
(-1.04%)
Last Updated: 25 Jul, 2017 4:00 PM (EDT)Minimum 20 minute delay





Latest News
Loxo Oncology Announces the Closing of its Follow-On Offering of Common Stock and Full Exercise of the Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Shares
Released on Jun 20, 2017
View all press releases >


Upcoming Events
No events have been announced at this time

























About Us | Loxo Oncology















About Us
Company Overview






Company Overview





Loxo Oncology is dedicated to developing highly selective medicines for patients with genetically defined cancers. We base our approach on two scientific trends: the increasing use of genetic testing in cancer clinical medicine and improving chemistry approaches to building highly selective inhibitors against single targets in the cancer cell.  
Some people develop cancers that are caused by a single inappropriate DNA change, known as “oncogenic drivers.” When a genetic test identifies a patient with an oncogenic driver, there should be a personalized medicine to address this error in the DNA that is leading to the cancer. At Loxo Oncology, we are developing a pipeline of highly selective drugs that inhibit oncogenic drivers in cancer.
/Loxô/ is a term from Greek mythology that refers to the trajectory of an arrow, a fitting metaphor for our approach to developing precise, targeted therapies against genetically defined cancers.


































Pipeline | Loxo Oncology















Pipeline
Overview






Overview





We are developing a pipeline of purpose-built, targeted medicines against genetic drivers of cancer. By designing highly selective medicines, we have the potential to deliver treatments that increase clinical benefit in genetically defined patient populations and fulfill the promise of precision medicine for appropriate patients.






Program Indication



Programs

All Programs
Larotrectinib (LOXO-101)
LOXO-292 (RET inhibitor)
LOXO-195 (TRK inhibitor)
FGFR Program















Larotrectinib (LOXO-101) Cancers Harboring Alterations of Tropomyasin Receptor Kinase (TRK)
Worldwide Commercial rights: Loxo Oncology, Inc.





Preclinical
Phase 1
Phase 2
Registration









Phase 2 Basket Trial
Status: Adult/adolescent solid tumors with TRK fusions, currently enrolling










NCI-MATCH Trial
Status: Phase 2 Multi-Sponsor Umbrella Protocol Across >900 Sites Nationwide larotrectinib (LOXO-101) for TRK Fusions










Adult Phase 1 Trial
Status: Continue to follow enrolled TRK fusion patients; explore non-fusion TRK biology, currently enrolling










Pediatric Phase 1/2 Trial
Status: Pediatric Solid or Primary CNS Tumors, Currently Enrolling







LOXO-292 (RET inhibitor) Cancers Harboring Alterations of Rearranged During Transfection (RET)
Worldwide Commercial rights: Loxo Oncology, Inc.





Preclinical
Phase 1
Phase 2
Registration









LOXO-292 Phase 1 Trial
Status: Phase 1 trial currently enrolling







LOXO-195 (TRK inhibitor) Next-Generation TRK Inhibitor for Potential Acquired Resistance
Worldwide Commercial rights: Loxo Oncology, Inc.





Preclinical
Phase 1
Phase 2
Registration


















FGFR Program Cancers Harboring Alterations of Fibroblast Growth Factor Receptor (FGFR)
Worldwide Commercial rights: Loxo Oncology, Inc.





Preclinical
Phase 1
Phase 2
Registration










Status: Lead Optimization	    
































Careers at Loxo | Loxo Oncology















Careers






Careers at Loxo





About Loxo Oncology: Loxo Oncology is dedicated to developing highly selective medicines for patients with genetically defined cancers. We base our approach on two scientific trends: the increasing use of genetic testing in cancer clinical medicine and improving chemistry approaches to building highly selective inhibitors against single targets in the cancer cell.  
Some people develop cancers that are caused by a single inappropriate DNA change, known as “oncogenic drivers.” When a genetic test identifies a patient with an oncogenic driver, there should be a personalized medicine to address this error in the DNA that is leading to the cancer. At Loxo Oncology, we are developing a pipeline of highly selective drugs that inhibit oncogenic drivers in cancer.
/Loxô/ is a term from Greek mythology that refers to the trajectory of an arrow, a fitting metaphor for our approach to developing precise, targeted therapies against genetically defined cancers.









                                Senior Administrative Assistant/Receptionist
                                











Location:
South San Francisco, CA
Reports To:
Executive Assistant  
Overview of the Role:
This position provides administrative support for the South San Francisco office Executive Assistant and staff. In addition to typing, filing and scheduling, performs duties such as coordination of meetings and conferences, obtaining supplies, coordinating direct mailings, and working on special projects. Also, answers non-routine correspondence and assembles highly confidential and sensitive information. Deals with a diverse group of important external callers and visitors as well as internal contacts at all levels of the organization. Independent judgment is required to plan, prioritize and organize diversified workload, recommends changes in office practices or procedures.
Roles and Responsibilities of the Position:
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Schedules and organizes complex activities such as meetings, travel, conferences and department activities.  
Acts as receptionist for company and greets outside visitors as needed. 
Establishes, develops, maintains and updates filing system for the vice president and the department. Retrieves information from files when needed. Establishes, develops, maintains and updates library of trade journals and magazines.
Organizes and prioritizes large volumes of information and calls.
Sorts and distributes mail. Opens mail as needed. Drafts written responses or replies by phone or e-mail when necessary. Responds to regularly occurring requests for information.
Answers phones as needed. Takes messages or fields/answers all routine and non-routine questions. Works in cooperation with other assistants to cover phones.
Works independently and within a team on special nonrecurring and ongoing projects. Acts as project manager for special projects, as needed, which may include: planning and coordinating multiple presentations, disseminating information.

Qualifications and Background Required:

Technical Capacity.
Personal Effectiveness/Credibility.
Thoroughness.
Collaboration Skills.
Communication Proficiency.
Flexibility.

B.A. degree preferred with at 3+ years of administrative support in smaller biotechs or biopharmas.
Physical Demands:
The physical demands here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
Work Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
No specific work demands.
*To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Apply Now







                                Clinical Scientist
                                











Location:
South San Francisco, CA
Reports To:
Senior Director-Clinical Development & Medical Affairs
Opportunities:
This position offers the opportunity to participate in the entire spectrum of the drug development process. We design our drugs “from the ground up”, starting with the selection of a target we hypothesize is critical for cancer survival and producing a highly potent and specific inhibitor of that single target.  In your role, you will have the opportunity to move this drug “from the bench to the bedside”, from initial planning of the first-in-human clinical trial to the pivotal studies necessary to prove its clinical efficacy and gain regulatory approval. You will participate directly in improving the lives of people fighting their cancers.
Overview of the Role:
In your role, you team with the medical director to design, implement and execute Phase 1, 2 and 3 clinical trials for ultimate culmination in clinical study reports and NDA/MAA submissions. Excellent communication skills are important, as you will interact with a variety of collaborators, including colleagues, outside consultants, clinical research sites, and key opinion leaders. 
We are a small company, but we are highly focused on clinical and regulatory execution. As a key member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work and learn in a fast-paced, team-oriented and exciting work environment that will literally change the lives of cancer patients for the better. 
The Clinical Scientist will help translate preclinical discoveries into developing the next generation of cancer therapies and will be responsible for the design, implementation, and monitoring of clinical development programs. These programs include early proof of concept through registration in a variety of targets and may involve collaborations with corporate development partners. Responsibilities encompass strategic planning to ensure optimized clinical development plans for assigned projects. This person must be interested in working in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment and be adaptable to rapidly changing priorities.
*Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

Serve as the clinical science representative on global and regional clinical execution teams.
Create and foster strong strategic partnerships with colleagues that include Clinical Operations/Development, Global Regulatory Affairs, Clinical Pharmacology, Statistics, Medical Affairs, Data Management and pre-Clinical Development. 
Lead the design, implementation, operations/study management, and interpretation of clinical trials. 
Lead the writing of protocols, informed consent forms, clinical study reports and regulatory-related documents.
Work closely and liaise regularly with clinical sites and investigators to ensure implementation of clinical studies.
Review, interpret, and present clinical data from development program and the relevant literature at relevant scientific meetings. 
Support the writing of subsequent regulatory briefing documents.
Lead and accountable for study start up activities, site initiation visits, interpretation of interim data analyses, clinical data review, and preparation of dose escalation meetings. 
Ensure trials are conducted effectively, reach target enrollment, and are conducted within budget and time-constraints, in partnership with CROs and Loxo regional and in-country groups, to deliver submission-quality data.
Demonstrate efficiencies in the areas of budget management, contracting and resourcing.
Demonstrate substantial and relevant knowledge of scientific and medical literature in oncology and its application to strategic design and operational achievements.
Work with external experts to develop abstracts, manuscripts, study/program design and presentations.
Apply scientific and operational knowledge to identify and analyze problems and information of considerable complexity and implement effective plans and solutions.
Ability to prioritize effectively and meet multiple deadlines successfully with attention to detail, setting high performance standards.
Proactively generate ideas for improvements and take action to solve problems and achieve goals beyond what is required.
Supervisory Responsibilities: None

Qualifications/Qualities:

PhD, PharmD or M.D.
The ideal candidate will have 5 years of biopharma experience in an academic or industry setting and at least 2+ years’ medical/clinical scientist experience in oncology. At least 5 years’ clinical research experience preferred, particularly in drug development in oncology.
Clinical trial expertise along with experience in oncology with drug development highly desirable. Must possess a strong background in clinical trials in an academic or industry setting.
Extensive academic/industry experience in laboratory-based cancer research or clinical trials is preferred
The skills required for success in the job include scientific and analytic ability, ability to think strategically and tactically, an interest in applied clinical research, an ability to work effectively in multifunctional teams and excellent organizational and communication skills.
The candidate must demonstrate proven ability to evaluate, interpret and present complex scientific data to both technical and non-technical audiences
Travel up to 20%, may include international travel

In summary, qualities we are looking for include: intrinsic motivation, excellent communication and organizational skills; a passion for biomedicine and for patients; broad prior experience in drug development; and a comfort and desire to learn new skills.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations:
Computer Skills:

Must be proficient in MS Office Suite.

Other Skills and Abilities:
Must have excellent verbal, written and communication skills.

Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment.
Excellent time management skills and a proven ability to work on multiple projects at any given time in a fast paced environment.
Demonstrated ability to stay abreast of trends and new information in the profession.
Demonstrated leadership and project management skills.

Physical Demands:
The physical demands here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
This position will travel occasionally; the average travel for this position is 20% with some variation based upon the demands of the business imperatives.
Work Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
No specific work demands.
*To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Apply Now







                                Director, Quality Assurance (QA)
                                











Department:
Quality Assurance
Reports To:
Head of Quality Assurance 
Summary:
The Director of Quality Assurance provides quality and compliance oversight of the quality systems at Loxo and those of contract manufacturing, testing, research and/or laboratory organizations. This position reports to the VP of Business Operations and Program Management and can be remotely based.  
Responsibilities:

Ensure GxP work at Loxo is done in compliance with applicable regulations and guidelines.
Provide quality and compliance oversight of the quality systems at Loxo and those of contract manufacturing, testing, research and/or laboratory organizations including, but not limited to: product complaints, deviations, OOS investigations, document creation and control, site audits, change control, validation (e.g. process, cleaning, analytical method, etc.), stability, batch record review, and product disposition.  
Participate in the review, evaluation and approval of contract manufacturing, testing, research and/or laboratory facilities. 
Manage controlled documents and systems. 
Manage employee training
Review and approve GxP related documents as requested and appropriate. 
Participate on project teams and sub-teams as needed and assigned. 
Track progress versus timelines and goals. 
Ensure documents and records are kept in compliance with regulations and SOPs.

Requirements:
BA/BS and a minimum of 5-7 years of experience working in a Biotech or Pharmaceutical FDA regulated industry in QA or a related field or an equivalent combination of education, training and/or experience from which comparable knowledge, skills and abilities have been attained. 
Preferred Qualifications:

Working knowledge of cGMP’s (CFR/ICH) and applicable international regulations/guidelines.
Experience with implementing and maintaining pharmaceutical quality systems.
Experience writing and presenting clearly on quality topics.
Prefer experience in oversight of outside vendors and contractors.
Ability to work in a virtual manufacturing environment.
Personal flexibility and a desire to lead, learn and achieve in a collaborative environment.
Ability to travel for both domestic and international business.

Apply Now







                                Senior Accountant
                                











Location:
Stamford, CT
Reports To:
Assistant Controller
Overview of the Role:
Based in Stamford, CT, the Senior Accountant position is a full-time role that reports to the Assistant Controller. (S)he will be responsible for various monthly and quarterly accounting close tasks, support accounts payable group through invoice coding and treatment, contract review, various accruals, and various ad hoc reconciliations & reports. This individual must possess great attention to detail, able to organize and prioritize competing priorities, highly motivated, meticulous organization skills, SOX-compliant mindset, strong analytical & problem solving skills, and a strong desire and ability to work within a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Roles and Responsibilities of the Position:

Responsible for various monthly and quarterly accounting close tasks
Responsible for recording journal entries
Reconciling balance sheet and expense accounts
Provide financial variance analysis reports
Responsible for R&D and clinical trial accruals
Responsible for company cash, investments transactions, and reconcile bank accounts
Responsible for maintaining Fixed Assets via system and schedules
Responsible for maintaining Prepaid Expenses via system and schedules
Examine contracts to summarize key terms and determine appropriate accounting treatment
Maintain contract listing including committed vs expensed costs
Assist with the development and implementation of appropriate SOX internal controls
Assist AP Analyst with invoice coding, reviewing contracts, and accounting treatment
Assist in implementation of various systems as necessary
Interface with external/internal audit teams on a quarterly and yearly basis

Qualifications and Background Required:

Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance required
Minimum of 4 years in finance and accounting with public company experience
Biotech, startup, or small-to- mid sized pharmaceutical experience a plus
Knowledge of GAAP and SOX compliance requirements is required
Experience with any SaaS (cloud based) accounting systems a plus
Excellent team work and collaboration skills
Experience and ability to work in fast-paced environment
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (written and oral)
Strong organizational skills with amazing attention to detail
Strong Excel skills required
Strong IT acumen with ability to work across multiple platforms and paperless environments
Ability to work independently, coordinating priorities to meet deadlines
Must have ability to set own pace and prioritize multiple projects and deadlines and adapt to changing work priorities

Physical Demands:
The physical demands here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
Work Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
No specific work demands.
*To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions
Apply Now







                                Accounts Payable Coordinator
                                











Reports To:
AP Analyst
Overview of the Role:
Based in Stamford, CT, the A/P Coordinator position is full-time, temporary to permanent role that reports to the A/P Analyst. (S)he will ensure that invoices, purchase orders, payments, and other company expenses are processed accurately and timely, and that excellent relationships are maintained with our vendors and functional internal leads. This individual must possess great attention to detail, meticulous organization skills, and a strong desire and ability to work within a dynamic, fast-paced environment with the expectations of the role consistently growing and expanding. The role will be responsible for but not limited to the items listed below.
Roles and Responsibilities of the Position:

Responsible for reviewing & transferring invoices from invoice mailbox to cloud storage
Record invoices and credits into AP system module
Compare incoming invoicing against contracts and purchase orders to ensure accuracy
Respond to “RUSH” requests with a sense of urgency as needed
Review invoice calculations, timesheets, expenses, sales tax etc.
Ensure payments are made in a timely fashion
Identify and document NON-COMPLIANT invoices
Resolve invoice discrepancies directly with vendors & maintaining good vendor relations
Provide general ledger account coding for all invoices
Assist with 1099 process and vendor maintenance
Distribute invoices to approvers for payment authorization
Assist with current AP workflow and provide input to ensure process is increasingly efficient
Vendor maintenance support including adding & updating info and cleansing of data
Ensure W9 or W8BEN for is received for all vendors
Prepare weekly domestic international wires
Process weekly payment cycle
Maintain excellent communication and relationships with key stakeholders
Assist with quarterly accruals
Follow SOX internal controls and process established
Ad hoc reporting and related projects, as requested

Qualifications and Background Required:

5+ years in accounts payable or relevant Finance experience within a SOX controlled environment
Biotech, startup, or pharmaceutical experience a plus
Experience with any SaaS (cloud based) accounting systems a plus
Degree in accounting a plus
Experience and ability to work in fast-paced environment
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (written and oral)
Strong organizational skills with amazing attention to detail
Strong IT acumen with ability to work across multiple platforms and paperless AP environments

Physical Demands:
The physical demands here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
Work Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
No specific work demands.
*To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Apply Now







                                Associate Director Medical Affairs
                                











Department:
Medical Affairs
Location:
South San Francisco, CA or Stamford, CT
Reports To:
Senior Director, Clinical Development and Medical Affairs
Position Description:
The Associate Director Medical Affairs manages the information and dissemination plan for all Loxo Oncology products. The Associate Director supports the efficient planning, tracking and dissemination of key data. This includes publications, abstracts, oral presentations, and seminars. The Associate Director provides expertise to a wide variety of communication-related projects and contributes significantly to continuing publication planning and execution, working with external authors, agencies and consultants. He/she establishes strong partnerships with medical thought leaders in the oncology area, oncology focused patient advocacy groups, and professional societies. He/she displays an understanding of the key role medical affairs plays in enhancing the safe and effective use of drugs and educating clinicians and patients regarding their use. Additionally, he/she will support the clinical and commercial vision and provide cross functional support. This individual will have strategic and operational responsibilities for all aspects of medical communications and publications.
Job Responsibilities (Key Responsibilities):

Develops, maintains, and delivers scientific communications strategy and plans and manages relationships with both internal and external groups.
Establishes strong partnership with medical thought leaders in the oncology field, patient advocacy groups, professional societies.
Reviews and approves manuscripts, abstracts, posters, slide presentations, and other documents to ensure appropriate evaluation and presentation of data, methodology, interpretation, and alliance with business objectives.
Develops content for and reviews slides for clarity, accuracy of content, and interpretation.
Gains a progressively deepening understanding of disease state and current medical and/or regulatory issues related to the Loxo Oncology portfolio, and serves as a technical resource on molecule and/or disease state; uses this expertise to interpret and present scientific and statistical data in publications.
Develops and execute an integrated, consistent medical communications and publications plan that supports clinical and commercialization strategies focusing on strategic communications and publications planning along the relevant events in the Targeted Genetic Therapy market.
Collaborates with the Preclinical, Clinical Development, Corporate Communications and Medical Affairs teams to translate data evidence into medical strategy and finally into medical communication objectives, key messages and activities.
Leads strategic planning and oversight of implementation of abstracts, posters, manuscripts, oral presentations for key meetings and gain input and agreement on the Congress Plans from cross-functional teams, including materials for booths, for advisory boards and for resources for Medical Science Liaisons.
Provides support and/or development of field based educational and promotional materials for scientific accuracy.

Educational and other Qualifications:

A medical or scientific degree (Pharm D, PhD, DO, MD, MS or RN) preferred with 5+ years of Medical Communications/Publications experience. Experience in the Oncology/targeted therapy drug market desired.
Excellent verbal and written communications. Proficient with evaluating and reporting complex scientific and clinical data and translating them into simple messages. Quick understanding of a disease landscape.
Must have proven experience working in a matrixed environment and be an effective collaborator either in the biotech/pharma industry or at a Medical Communication/Publications agency.
Strong knowledge of regulatory/compliance regarding promotion, Pharma guidelines and all other relevant industry standards.
Self-directed and proactive individual with ability to thrive in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial, dynamic environment with high performing colleagues.
Comfortable executing on multiple projects independently.
Ability to build strong relationships with co-workers of various backgrounds and expertise
Ability to function at a high level in a team setting whether leading the group or acting as an individual contributor
Integrity
Flexibility
Experience with medical and scientific communication to expert and lay audiences
Experience with medical and scientific leaders in adult or pediatric oncology is desirable
Ability to combine medical experience and knowledge with commercial application
Excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to gain respect and influence and to build lasting relationships with KOLs
Ability to critically review current literature, providing relevance to our products and markets
Experience in international medical environments a plus
Planning and organizational ability
Budget management Ability to travel (may include extensive overnight domestic and international travel)
The physical demands here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
No specific work demands.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Apply Now







                                Clinical Trial Manager
                                











Department:
Clinical Operations and Project Management 
Location:
Stamford, CT
Reports To:
Associate Director Clinical Operations
Position Description:
Functions as the clinical study team leader to plan, organize, and coordinate all operational aspects of a clinical study from protocol development through database lock. Ensures timely conduct of clinical studies according to protocols, Good Clinical Practice (GCP), Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), and all applicable regulations governing the conduct of clinical trials.
Job Responsibilities (Key Responsibilities):

Responsible for the preparation and finalization of project and study- related documents including: informed consent forms, clinical trial outlines, monitoring plans, synopses, protocols and amendments, IND Annual Updates and clinical summaries, as required
Responsible for the selection of investigators and study sites
Responsible for identifying and responding to site and study related issues and recommending corrective actions and/or escalating to supervisor
Coordinate the design, format and content of CRFs, study guides, study reference binders, patient diaries, and forms including participating in the EDC and IVRS specification process and UAT
Ensure that CRF data queries are resolved
Coordinate and manage Investigational Product including overall accountability and reconciliation
Responsible for the preparation of study budgets and timelines
Manage project timelines and vendor performance to meet departmental and corporate goals
Manage study budget and payment process for all clinical trial vendors including investigative sites
Monitor and track clinical trial progress and provide status update reports
Manage all clinical trial vendors (e.g., IVRS, central labs, and IRB)
Responsible for selection of CRO study staff and coordinating training including documentation
Hire, train and oversee study Field Monitors (e.g., review of all trip reports) and provide guidance on site issues
Lead with minimal supervision in the planning of investigator meetings and making presentations, as required
Lead the review of clinical data at the CRF, data listing, and report table levels
Represent Clinical Operations at the Project Team level for individual studies, as appropriate
Partner with other research and development groups to achieve deliverables
Participate in Site Initiation Visits (SIVs) as required
Co-Monitoring of regional sites for adherence to protocol and GCP as required
Travel as required to carry out responsibilities
Identify and escalate site, vendor and study related issues to supervisor, as appropriate
Participate in clinical and department settings, including attending additional meetings as required, and interact in a positive and professional manner
Manage Clinical Trial Assistants and Clinical Research Associates, and perform performance appraisals
Perform other duties as assigned

Job Qualifications:

Minimum 8 years clinical drug development experience
Experience in personnel management
Experience in CRO selection and management, including drafting request for proposals (RFPs), bidding process, etc.
Experience in managing oncology clinical trials (international preferred)
Knowledge of FDA regulatory requirements and medical practice/techniques and terminology
25% travel required

Education and Skills:

BA/BS in related field
Ability to work within a team, including leadership skills
Ability to organize and prioritize multiple tasks
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Attention to detail, organization, and problem-solving skills
Computer literate

Apply Now
































Genetic Alterations | Loxo Oncology















Our Focus
Understanding Genetic Alterations














Understanding Genetic Alterations
Proteins and DNA
The human body is primarily composed of proteins, which are large molecules that can perform many functions for skin, muscle, hormones and thousands of other specialized activities.
Proteins themselves are composed of strings of some combination of the same twenty amino acids, connected like beads on a necklace.
The sequence of the beads (amino acids) determines how the necklace (protein) folds on itself, reacts with water and takes on a shape or function that gives it its unique abilities. 










How does any given cell know how to make a protein?








It reads the instructions from the source code of DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid), which operates as a blueprint of biological guidelines that a living organism must follow to remain functional.













DNA
DNA itself is comprised of four nucleotide building block "bases" shortened as
A, T, C and G.
Every human cell contains DNA comprising approximately 6 billion of these bases. In order for a cell to make protein from this DNA code, the DNA is first changed to a sister code called RNA (ribonucleic acid), which contains a similar four-letter coding system.










RNA
The different RNA letters make up unique three-letter words called
“codons”
Codons tell the cell how to order the 20 amino acids in the proper order so that the right protein is made. Individual cells in the body pay more attention to certain sections of the DNA than others. For example, a cell in the stomach may pay more attention to the DNA instructions that code for gastric acid, while ignoring the instructions that encode for hemoglobin.















Alterations
Alterations in the DNA code, such as changing a letter, deleting a letter, inserting a letter or moving sections around can lead to proteins with abnormal functions.
If these abnormal functions cause the cell to grow, divide, ignore regulatory signals or assume new functions, cancers can develop.
Fortunately, normal cells are good at repairing mistakes should they occur, and have multiple systems for ensuring that the DNA code is properly transmitted to its two daughter cells when it divides. Normal cells even have suicide programs if the mistakes are beyond repair, a process that causes cell death, known as apoptosis.















Passenger vs. Driver Alterations
Cancer cells typically harbor DNA changes, or more technically, genetic alterations.  However, not all genetic alterations are created equal. A key challenge for drug developers like Loxo Oncology is distinguishing between genetic alterations that “drive” the growth of tumors versus “passenger” alterations, which result from the underlying genetic instability of the cancer.
The automobile references acknowledge that drivers make a car go, while passengers are merely along for the ride. If, by analogy, the cancer cell is an out of control car, targeting the driver not the passenger is the best way to stop the vehicle.



















Types of Genetic Alterations

Cancer cells typically harbor DNA changes, or more technically, genetic alterations.  
However, not all genetic alterations are created equal. A key challenge for drug developers like Loxo Oncology is distinguishing between genetic alterations that “drive” the growth of tumors versus “passenger” alterations, which result from the underlying genetic instability of the cancer. The automobile references acknowledge that drivers make a car go, while passengers are merely along for the ride. If, by analogy, the cancer cell is an out of control car, targeting the driver not the passenger is the best way to stop the vehicle.










Gene Fusion
Gene fusions occur when chromosomes, which carry genetic information, break apart and the wrong pieces fuse back together, forming a hybrid gene that can activate a signaling pathway, or a way cells communicate with each other.















Mutation
Mutations are the result of a defect in one of the four nucleotide building block “bases” that create DNA. The human genome contains over six billion nucleotides.















Amplification
Amplifications are when too many copies of a gene lead to an abnormal amount of protein being produced. Ultimately, the cell can acquire abnormal growth and survival behaviors leading to cancer.















Protein Overexpression
Protein overexpression occurs when a cell produces abnormally high amounts of protein from the DNA and RNA building blocks.







Gene fusions occur when chromosomes, which carry genetic information, break apart and the wrong pieces fuse back together, forming a hybrid gene that can activate a signaling pathway, or a way cells communicate with each other. When this happens in a cancer cell, the fused gene is like a light switch that’s always in the “on” position, causing tumor growth. Research suggests that gene fusions have a very high likelihood of being driver events in cancer due to the dramatic genetic change that occurs in the cancer cell.
Mutations are the result of a defect in one of the four nucleotide building block “bases” that create DNA. The human genome contains over six billion nucleotides. Small changes, deletions or insertions in a gene’s nucleotide sequence can change the functional behavior of the final protein, leading to cancer. However, sometimes a mutation has no functional effect on the final protein. Most cancers simply have hundreds of accumulated mutations that don’t play an active role in tumor cell proliferation (the rapid reproduction of cells).

At Loxo Oncology, we aim to help determine the “driver” mutations vs. the “passenger” mutations in order to best predict which patients may derive benefit from our drugs.
Amplifications are when too many copies of a gene lead to an abnormal amount of protein being produced. Ultimately, the cell can acquire abnormal growth and survival behaviors leading to cancer. Amplifications do not always cause cancer because in some cases the gene amplification does not lead to protein overexpression or the number of extra copies is relatively small. It is important to understand which amplifications may predict patient benefit from our drugs.
Protein overexpression occurs when a cell produces abnormally high amounts of protein from the DNA and RNA building blocks. Depending on how much of the protein exists in the cancer cell and the context in which the protein is overexpressed, this can indicate that the protein is causing the cancer.










TRK Fusions
                                











Our lead therapy, larotrectinib (LOXO-101) is being developed as a targeted cancer therapeutic for tropomyosin receptor kinase (TRK) genetic alterations, focused initially on patients harboring TRK gene fusions.
TRK consists of a family of three cell receptor proteins known as TRKA, TRKB, and TRKC, which are encoded by the NTRK1, NTRK2, and NTRK3 genes, respectively. Under normal conditions, TRK receptors are found primarily in nerve cells. TRK receptors become activated when they bind to proteins circulating outside the cell (such proteins are referred to as ligands). For TRK, the activating ligands are collectively referred to as neurotrophins. Neurotrophins bind to TRK receptors, causing activation of a kinase signaling pathways of kinases. These signaling pathways help regulate how neurons function in the setting of pain, cognition, movement, memory, and mood.


When an TRK gene abnormally fuses to another gene, the hybrid gene that is created as a result causes this process to go awry, leading to cancer and driving tumor growth. These gene fusions no longer require the neurotrophins to become activated; instead, they are constantly active simply as a result of the gene fusion event. Our clinical trials are intended to help understand if LOXO-101 can be a safe and effective therapy for patients whose tumors harbor this TRK fusion genetic event.
Patients with advanced cancer who seek out tumor profiling or comprehensive cancer genetic testing may discover that their tumor harbors a TRK fusion, as this genetic event has been described across many tumor types, including:

acute myeloid leukemia
astrocytoma
brain low-grade glioma
breast cancer
colorectal cancer
congenital mesoblastic nephroma
gastrointestinal stromal tumors
glioblastoma multiforme
head and neck squamous cell cancer
intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma
lung cancer
mammary analogue secretory carcinoma of salivary gland origin
melanoma
sarcoma
secretory breast cancer
thyroid cancer

Read more about TRK alterations in the following publications:

Oncogenic and Drug-Sensitive NTRK1 Rearrangements in Lung Cancer
TRKing Down an Old Oncogene in a New Era of Targeted Therapy







RET Alterations
                                











The rearranged during transfection (RET) receptor is a tyrosine kinase receptor that binds the glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) ligand family and contributes to the development of the nervous system and kidneys. Activating fusions and mutations in RET have been identified across a range of cancer types, including lung, thyroid and colon.
Loxo Oncology has developed LOXO-292, a highly specific RET inhibitor designed to optimize on-target potency for RET fusions, activating RET mutations and anticipated resistance mutations. Loxo Oncology plans to initiate clinical development of LOXO-292 in early 2017. Click here to read more about LOXO-292.






FGFR Alterations
                                











The fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR1-4) family of tyrosine kinases plays an important role in normal physiologic processes of the body, including angiogenesis, wound healing and regulation of calcium and phosphate metabolism. In addition, abnormal FGFR signaling through genetic alterations or altered expression of individual receptors has been frequently observed in human tumors.
Gene fusions, activating mutations and high-level gene amplifications have been identified in multiple tumor types including bladder, kidney, endometrial, brain, breast and pancreatic cancers.


































Contact | Loxo Oncology















Contact Us






Contact Information







Loxo Oncology, Inc
Contact:

Stamford, CT
281 Tresser Blvd, 9th Floor
Stamford, CT  06901
+1 203.653.3880
info@loxooncology.com


South San Francisco, CA
701 Gateway Blvd, Suite 420
South San Francisco, CA 94080
info@loxooncology.com

Media Inquires:

Dan Budwick
1AB Media
+1 973-271-6085
dan@1abmedia.com

Investors:

Peter Rahmer
The Trout Group LLC
+1 646 378 2973
prahmer@troutgroup.com






































						Loxo Oncology (LOXO) EPS Estimated At $-0.99; Water Asset Management Trimmed By $5.09 Million Its California Wtr Svc Group (CWT) Position - Bibey Post								







 






















 

























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






Loxo Oncology (LOXO) EPS Estimated At $-0.99; Water Asset Management Trimmed By $5.09 Million Its California Wtr Svc Group (CWT) Position


					
						July 25, 2017 - By Vivian Currie


Water Asset Management Llc decreased California Wtr Svc Group (CWT) stake by 55.08% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Water Asset Management Llc sold 154,389 shares as California Wtr Svc Group (CWT)’s stock declined 2.01%. The Water Asset Management Llc holds 125,934 shares with $4.27M value, down from 280,323 last quarter. California Wtr Svc Group now has $1.88B valuation. The stock decreased 2.78% or $1.1 during the last trading session, reaching $38.4. About shares traded. California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) has risen 22.84% since July 25, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 6.14% the S&P500.







 Analysts expect Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) to report $-0.99 EPS on August, 2.They anticipate $0.22 EPS change or 28.57% from last quarter’s $-0.77 EPS. After having $-0.96 EPS previously, Loxo Oncology Inc’s analysts see 3.13% EPS growth. The stock increased 1.56% or $1.14 during the last trading session, reaching $74.27. About shares traded. Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) has risen 77.12% since July 25, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 60.42% the S&P500.
Since February 13, 2017, it had 5 insider buys, and 3 sales for $153,797 activity. VERA GEORGE A bought $104 worth of stock or 3 shares. Luu Michael B had sold 2,400 shares worth $82,728 on Thursday, March 16. Another trade for 1,000 shares valued at $35,900 was sold by Healey David B.
Among 7 analysts covering California Water Service (NYSE:CWT), 1 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 5 Hold. Therefore 14% are positive. California Water Service had 10 analyst reports since August 3, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm has “Underperform” rating by Wells Fargo given on Friday, February 24. The rating was initiated by Macquarie Research on Wednesday, January 18 with “Neutral”. The firm has “Neutral” rating given on Tuesday, April 19 by Janney Capital. As per Monday, May 1, the company rating was downgraded by Gabelli. The rating was initiated by Robert W. Baird with “Neutral” on Friday, October 14. As per Monday, March 7, the company rating was downgraded by Gabelli. The firm earned “Buy” rating on Monday, August 3 by Hilliard Lyons. The stock of California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) has “Equal Weight” rating given on Tuesday, September 6 by Barclays Capital. The company was downgraded on Friday, February 26 by Robert W. Baird. The firm has “Equal-Weight” rating given on Monday, April 4 by Barclays Capital.
Investors sentiment decreased to 1.05 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.12, from 1.17 in 2016Q3. It turned negative, as 13 investors sold CWT shares while 62 reduced holdings. 29 funds opened positions while 50 raised stakes. 32.66 million shares or 0.64% more from 32.46 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Virginia Retirement Et Al reported 0.02% stake. Voya Invest Mgmt Limited Liability Corp invested 0% of its portfolio in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT). Quantbot Techs Lp holds 3,672 shares. M&R Capital holds 0% of its portfolio in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) for 400 shares. Natl Bank Of Ny Mellon Corporation invested 0.01% of its portfolio in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT). Moreover, Tower Research Cap Lc (Trc) has 0.01% invested in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) for 1,846 shares. Blackrock Fund Advsrs reported 3.73 million shares stake. Schwab Charles Management accumulated 250,852 shares. Menta owns 10,469 shares for 0.03% of their portfolio. Moreover, Hutchinson Management Ca has 0.07% invested in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT). Paradigm Asset Com Ltd Liability Com accumulated 20,300 shares or 0% of the stock. Macquarie Ltd reported 13,500 shares. Impax Asset Mgmt Limited has invested 2.59% of its portfolio in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT). Leuthold Ltd Liability Corporation has 0.28% invested in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT). Pub Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado holds 11,984 shares or 0% of its portfolio.
Analysts await California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) to report earnings on July, 27 before the open. They expect $0.31 earnings per share, up 29.17% or $0.07 from last year’s $0.24 per share. CWT’s profit will be $15.18M for 30.97 P/E if the $0.31 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.02 actual earnings per share reported by California Water Service Group for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 1,450.00% EPS growth. 
Loxo Oncology, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company. The company has market cap of $2.15 billion. The Firm is focused on development of medicines for patients with genetically defined cancers. It currently has negative earnings. The Company’s pipeline focuses on cancers that are dependent on single gene abnormalities, such that a single drug has the potential to treat the cancer with dramatic effect.
Investors sentiment increased to 2.41 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.31, from 2.1 in 2016Q3. It is positive, as 7 investors sold Loxo Oncology Inc shares while 15 reduced holdings. 20 funds opened positions while 33 raised stakes. 20.34 million shares or 0.53% less from 20.45 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Axa owns 203,087 shares. 8,595 are owned by Sg Americas Ltd. 18,297 were reported by Hamilton Lane Ltd Co. Geode Mngmt Ltd Liability Corporation reported 0% in Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO). Adage Prns Gru Ltd Co reported 1.17 million shares or 0.1% of all its holdings. Legal & General Public Lc reported 3,398 shares or 0% of all its holdings. Fincl Bank Of Mellon has invested 0% in Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO). Tower Research Ltd Liability Company (Trc) stated it has 2,125 shares or 0.01% of all its holdings. Dafna Mngmt Limited Liability Com holds 3.94% or 139,722 shares. 215,956 were reported by Ubs Asset Mgmt Americas. Kcg owns 7,177 shares for 0.01% of their portfolio. Dekabank Deutsche Girozentrale reported 0% in Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO). Balyasny Asset Mngmt Llc holds 0.01% or 63,640 shares. Price T Rowe Incorporated Md owns 6,337 shares. Blackrock stated it has 6,729 shares.
Among 8 analysts covering Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO), 7 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 0 Hold. Therefore 88% are positive. Loxo Oncology Inc had 19 analyst reports since July 29, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Stifel Nicolaus maintained Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) on Monday, June 5 with “Buy” rating. The stock of Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) has “Outperform” rating given on Thursday, August 27 by Cowen & Co. The company was initiated on Friday, January 15 by Citigroup. BTIG Research maintained it with “Buy” rating and $7500 target in Monday, June 5 report. Cowen & Co maintained Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) on Monday, June 5 with “Buy” rating. The firm has “Buy” rating given on Wednesday, February 8 by Jefferies. Stifel Nicolaus maintained it with “Buy” rating and $36 target in Wednesday, March 16 report. The stock of Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) has “Buy” rating given on Monday, June 5 by Citigroup. The stock of Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) has “Buy” rating given on Monday, June 19 by Morgan Stanley. The firm has “Buy” rating by Citigroup given on Wednesday, March 16.
Since February 21, 2017, it had 0 buys, and 2 insider sales for $627,453 activity. $326,936 worth of Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) was sold by Flaherty Keith T. on Monday, May 22.








By Vivian Currie
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Euclid Advisors Decreased By $466,200 Its Icon Plc (ICLR) Stake, River and Mercantile Group PLC (LON:RIV) Had 2 Analysts Last Week


Virtus Investment Advisers Has Boosted Lincoln Natl Ind (LNC) Holding; Takung Art (NYSEMKT:TKAT) SI Decreased By 58.33%


Fdx Advisors Has Raised Its Nucor Com (NUE) Stake, Last Week Scorpio Bulkers (SALT) Coverage


Compton Capital Management Upped Honeywell International (HON) Stake By $870,550; Profile of 1 Analysts Covering Columbia Banking System (COLB)


Nikko Asset Management Americas Raised Entergy (ETR) Holding; 3I GROUP ORDINARY (TGOPF) Sellers Increased By 1.75% Their Shorts


Franklin Resources Has Cut Its Glaxosmithkline Plc (GSK) Stake, Textainer Group Holdings Limited (TGH) Shorts Decreased By 0.19%


Brown Brothers Harriman & Co Has Lifted Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Position By $1.99 Million; Ack Asset Management Boosted Valmont Industries (VMI) Position


Pomelo Capital Has Boosted Its Navistar Intl New (Put) (NAV) Stake, Profile of 3 Analysts Covering Amerisur Resources plc (LON:AMER)


Eam Investors Increased Mueller Water Products  (MWA) Position, Teleflex (TFX) Shorts Up By 16.1%


Wexford Capital LP Cut Enlink Midstream Partners LP (ENLK) Holding; Connors Investor Services Has Lowered By $1.19 Million Its Nutrisystem (NTRI) Stake







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact




















						Loxo Oncology (LOXO) EPS Estimated At $-0.99; Water Asset Management Trimmed By $5.09 Million Its California Wtr Svc Group (CWT) Position - Bibey Post								







 






















 

























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






Loxo Oncology (LOXO) EPS Estimated At $-0.99; Water Asset Management Trimmed By $5.09 Million Its California Wtr Svc Group (CWT) Position


					
						July 25, 2017 - By Vivian Currie


Water Asset Management Llc decreased California Wtr Svc Group (CWT) stake by 55.08% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Water Asset Management Llc sold 154,389 shares as California Wtr Svc Group (CWT)’s stock declined 2.01%. The Water Asset Management Llc holds 125,934 shares with $4.27M value, down from 280,323 last quarter. California Wtr Svc Group now has $1.88B valuation. The stock decreased 2.78% or $1.1 during the last trading session, reaching $38.4. About shares traded. California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) has risen 22.84% since July 25, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 6.14% the S&P500.







 Analysts expect Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) to report $-0.99 EPS on August, 2.They anticipate $0.22 EPS change or 28.57% from last quarter’s $-0.77 EPS. After having $-0.96 EPS previously, Loxo Oncology Inc’s analysts see 3.13% EPS growth. The stock increased 1.56% or $1.14 during the last trading session, reaching $74.27. About shares traded. Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) has risen 77.12% since July 25, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 60.42% the S&P500.
Since February 13, 2017, it had 5 insider buys, and 3 sales for $153,797 activity. VERA GEORGE A bought $104 worth of stock or 3 shares. Luu Michael B had sold 2,400 shares worth $82,728 on Thursday, March 16. Another trade for 1,000 shares valued at $35,900 was sold by Healey David B.
Among 7 analysts covering California Water Service (NYSE:CWT), 1 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 5 Hold. Therefore 14% are positive. California Water Service had 10 analyst reports since August 3, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm has “Underperform” rating by Wells Fargo given on Friday, February 24. The rating was initiated by Macquarie Research on Wednesday, January 18 with “Neutral”. The firm has “Neutral” rating given on Tuesday, April 19 by Janney Capital. As per Monday, May 1, the company rating was downgraded by Gabelli. The rating was initiated by Robert W. Baird with “Neutral” on Friday, October 14. As per Monday, March 7, the company rating was downgraded by Gabelli. The firm earned “Buy” rating on Monday, August 3 by Hilliard Lyons. The stock of California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) has “Equal Weight” rating given on Tuesday, September 6 by Barclays Capital. The company was downgraded on Friday, February 26 by Robert W. Baird. The firm has “Equal-Weight” rating given on Monday, April 4 by Barclays Capital.
Investors sentiment decreased to 1.05 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.12, from 1.17 in 2016Q3. It turned negative, as 13 investors sold CWT shares while 62 reduced holdings. 29 funds opened positions while 50 raised stakes. 32.66 million shares or 0.64% more from 32.46 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Virginia Retirement Et Al reported 0.02% stake. Voya Invest Mgmt Limited Liability Corp invested 0% of its portfolio in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT). Quantbot Techs Lp holds 3,672 shares. M&R Capital holds 0% of its portfolio in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) for 400 shares. Natl Bank Of Ny Mellon Corporation invested 0.01% of its portfolio in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT). Moreover, Tower Research Cap Lc (Trc) has 0.01% invested in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) for 1,846 shares. Blackrock Fund Advsrs reported 3.73 million shares stake. Schwab Charles Management accumulated 250,852 shares. Menta owns 10,469 shares for 0.03% of their portfolio. Moreover, Hutchinson Management Ca has 0.07% invested in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT). Paradigm Asset Com Ltd Liability Com accumulated 20,300 shares or 0% of the stock. Macquarie Ltd reported 13,500 shares. Impax Asset Mgmt Limited has invested 2.59% of its portfolio in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT). Leuthold Ltd Liability Corporation has 0.28% invested in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT). Pub Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado holds 11,984 shares or 0% of its portfolio.
Analysts await California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) to report earnings on July, 27 before the open. They expect $0.31 earnings per share, up 29.17% or $0.07 from last year’s $0.24 per share. CWT’s profit will be $15.18M for 30.97 P/E if the $0.31 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.02 actual earnings per share reported by California Water Service Group for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 1,450.00% EPS growth. 
Loxo Oncology, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company. The company has market cap of $2.15 billion. The Firm is focused on development of medicines for patients with genetically defined cancers. It currently has negative earnings. The Company’s pipeline focuses on cancers that are dependent on single gene abnormalities, such that a single drug has the potential to treat the cancer with dramatic effect.
Investors sentiment increased to 2.41 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.31, from 2.1 in 2016Q3. It is positive, as 7 investors sold Loxo Oncology Inc shares while 15 reduced holdings. 20 funds opened positions while 33 raised stakes. 20.34 million shares or 0.53% less from 20.45 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Axa owns 203,087 shares. 8,595 are owned by Sg Americas Ltd. 18,297 were reported by Hamilton Lane Ltd Co. Geode Mngmt Ltd Liability Corporation reported 0% in Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO). Adage Prns Gru Ltd Co reported 1.17 million shares or 0.1% of all its holdings. Legal & General Public Lc reported 3,398 shares or 0% of all its holdings. Fincl Bank Of Mellon has invested 0% in Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO). Tower Research Ltd Liability Company (Trc) stated it has 2,125 shares or 0.01% of all its holdings. Dafna Mngmt Limited Liability Com holds 3.94% or 139,722 shares. 215,956 were reported by Ubs Asset Mgmt Americas. Kcg owns 7,177 shares for 0.01% of their portfolio. Dekabank Deutsche Girozentrale reported 0% in Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO). Balyasny Asset Mngmt Llc holds 0.01% or 63,640 shares. Price T Rowe Incorporated Md owns 6,337 shares. Blackrock stated it has 6,729 shares.
Among 8 analysts covering Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO), 7 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 0 Hold. Therefore 88% are positive. Loxo Oncology Inc had 19 analyst reports since July 29, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Stifel Nicolaus maintained Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) on Monday, June 5 with “Buy” rating. The stock of Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) has “Outperform” rating given on Thursday, August 27 by Cowen & Co. The company was initiated on Friday, January 15 by Citigroup. BTIG Research maintained it with “Buy” rating and $7500 target in Monday, June 5 report. Cowen & Co maintained Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) on Monday, June 5 with “Buy” rating. The firm has “Buy” rating given on Wednesday, February 8 by Jefferies. Stifel Nicolaus maintained it with “Buy” rating and $36 target in Wednesday, March 16 report. The stock of Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) has “Buy” rating given on Monday, June 5 by Citigroup. The stock of Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) has “Buy” rating given on Monday, June 19 by Morgan Stanley. The firm has “Buy” rating by Citigroup given on Wednesday, March 16.
Since February 21, 2017, it had 0 buys, and 2 insider sales for $627,453 activity. $326,936 worth of Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) was sold by Flaherty Keith T. on Monday, May 22.








By Vivian Currie
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Euclid Advisors Decreased By $466,200 Its Icon Plc (ICLR) Stake, River and Mercantile Group PLC (LON:RIV) Had 2 Analysts Last Week


Virtus Investment Advisers Has Boosted Lincoln Natl Ind (LNC) Holding; Takung Art (NYSEMKT:TKAT) SI Decreased By 58.33%


Fdx Advisors Has Raised Its Nucor Com (NUE) Stake, Last Week Scorpio Bulkers (SALT) Coverage


Compton Capital Management Upped Honeywell International (HON) Stake By $870,550; Profile of 1 Analysts Covering Columbia Banking System (COLB)


Nikko Asset Management Americas Raised Entergy (ETR) Holding; 3I GROUP ORDINARY (TGOPF) Sellers Increased By 1.75% Their Shorts


Franklin Resources Has Cut Its Glaxosmithkline Plc (GSK) Stake, Textainer Group Holdings Limited (TGH) Shorts Decreased By 0.19%


Brown Brothers Harriman & Co Has Lifted Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Position By $1.99 Million; Ack Asset Management Boosted Valmont Industries (VMI) Position


Pomelo Capital Has Boosted Its Navistar Intl New (Put) (NAV) Stake, Profile of 3 Analysts Covering Amerisur Resources plc (LON:AMER)


Eam Investors Increased Mueller Water Products  (MWA) Position, Teleflex (TFX) Shorts Up By 16.1%


Wexford Capital LP Cut Enlink Midstream Partners LP (ENLK) Holding; Connors Investor Services Has Lowered By $1.19 Million Its Nutrisystem (NTRI) Stake







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact


















Loxo Oncology In Up 51.5% Since SmarTrend Uptrend Call (LOXO) | Comtex SmarTrend



 




































easy to use app.">







End Twitter -->
















OWL LOGIN  /  
               ADVISOR LOGIN






Home
Advantages
Products

News &amp Analysis


Resources
Testimonials



 *Limited Time Offer - 60% Off SmarTrend Advanced and Professional - Coupon Code: SUMMEREARNINGS17  










Return to Headlines























Loxo Oncology In Up 51.5% Since SmarTrend Uptrend Call (LOXO)



Written on Mon, 07/24/2017 - 1:49pm
 By Shiri Gupta
SmarTrend identified an Uptrend for Loxo Oncology In (NASDAQ:LOXO) on May 23rd, 2017 at $48.71.  In approximately 2 months, Loxo Oncology In has returned 51.52% as of today's recent price of $73.80.Over the past year, Loxo Oncology In has traded in a range of $17.14 to $83.12 and is now at $73.80, 331% above that low.  The 200-day and 50-day moving averages have moved 0.49% higher and 1.49% higher over the past week, respectively.Loxo Oncology, Inc. researches and develops cancer drugs. The company focuses on building small molecule cancer drugs for genetically defined patient subsets.SmarTrend will continue to scan these moving averages and a number of other proprietary indicators for any shifts in the trajectory of Loxo Oncology In shares.Log in and add Loxo Oncology In (LOXO) to your watchlist today so you can receive a real-time alert when the shares are about to change trend.



Keywords:


spotlights



loxo oncology in

  

Ticker(s):

LOXO



Contact Shiri Gupta









 



Get Quote













 












 





 Most popular headline
Xpo Logistics In Up 22.5% Since SmarTrend Uptrend Call (XPO)Shares of RRC Down 24.3% Since Downtrend Call on SharesTop 5 Companies in the Industrial Machinery Industry With the Lowest Price to Sales Ratio (PKOH, HY, BRSS, HDNG, BGG)Lowest Price to Sales Ratio in the Managed Health Care Industry Detected in Shares of Triple-S Mgmt-B (GTS, MOH, CNC, MGLN, UAM)Eastman Kodak Co Shares Down 25.5% Since SmarTrend's Sell Call (KODK)
 




















Home
Advantage
Products

News &amp Analysis
Resources
Testimonials




Get Started
FAQ
Advertise with Us
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Sitemap



 CONTACT US
Call (703) 797-8135
Email cs@mysmartrend.com

 295 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10017


 FOLLOW US


 
	  

  
      	  

  
      








Comtex News Network, Inc. is not a registered investment advisor and does not provide investment advice.
Copyright 2017 Stock Market Trends and Technical Analysis by Comtex News Network, Inc.






























BidaskClub downgraded Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) to Hold in a report released today.





























































Headlines
Business
Technology
Economy
Personal Finance



MenuHeadlines
Business
Technology
Economy
Personal Finance



























Don't Miss

Peet’s Buys Majority Stake in Another Coffee Chain
Walgreen Records 4Q Loss As Expected
Ebay Plans To Spin off PayPal
Tibco Taken Private by Vista Equity for $4.3 Billion
Athlon Energy (ATHL) Up Big On Buyout News
Dave & Buster’s IPO Terms Set, $16-$18 Per Share













Home / Investing / BidaskClub downgraded Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO)  to Hold in a report released today.

BidaskClub downgraded Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO)  to Hold in a report released today.


By Al Wild


Updated: July 22, 2017




Yesterday Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO) traded -1.15% lower at $74.41.  The company’s 50-day moving average is $74.05 and its 200-day moving average is $50.90.  The last closing price is up 43.66% from the 200-day moving average, compared to the S&P 500 which has increased 0.07% over the same time.  279,645 shares of the stock were exchanged, down from an average trading volume of 464,992 
BidaskClub has downgraded Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO)  to Hold in a report released on 07/16/2017.  
See Chart Below

Loxo Oncology Inc has a 52 week low of $17.14 and a 52 week high of $83.12   The company’s market cap is currently $0.
In addition to BidaskClub reporting its target price, a total of 4 brokers have issued a report on the stock.  The consensus target price is $30.00 with 3 brokers rating the stock a strong buy, 2 brokers rating the stock a buy, 0 brokers rating the stock a hold, 0 brokers rating the stock a underperform, and finally 0 brokers rating the stock a sell.
General Information About Loxo Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:LOXO)
Loxo Oncology, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on development of medicines for patients with genetically defined cancers. The Company's pipeline focuses on cancers that are dependent on single gene abnormalities, such that a single drug has the potential to treat the cancer with dramatic effect. Larotrectinib, formerly referred to as LOXO-101, is an oral, selective inhibitor of the tropomyosin receptor kinase (TRK) family in development for the treatment of tumors with TRK fusions. TRK fusions have been implicated in various tumor types, such as lung cancer, head and neck cancer, melanoma, colorectal cancer, sarcoma, and breast cancer. LOXO-195 is a drug candidate in preclinical development. It was designed as a second-generation TRK inhibitor intended to address predicted acquired resistance mechanisms resulting from therapy with a first-generation TRK inhibitor, such as larotrectinib, or multikinase inhibitors with anti-TRK activity.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 


















More News



Flagstar Bancorp Inc (NYSE:FBC) has been downgraded  to Sell in a report by BidaskClub today.
BidaskClub has downgraded Flagstar Bancorp Inc...




BidaskClub upgraded Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (NYSE:GNK)  to Hold in a report released today.
Just yesterday Genco Shipping & Trading...




BidaskClub downgraded EZCORP Inc (NASDAQ:EZPW)  to Sell in a report released today.
BidaskClub has downgraded EZCORP Inc (NASDAQ:EZPW)...




BidaskClub upgraded GasLog Ltd (NYSE:GLOG)  to Strong-Buy in a report released today.
Just yesterday GasLog Ltd (NYSE:GLOG) traded...




BidaskClub upgraded Enova International Inc (NYSE:ENVA)  to Strong-Buy in a statement released earlier today.
BidaskClub has upgraded Enova International Inc...




FormFactor, Inc. (NASDAQ:FORM) has been upgraded  to Hold in a statement by BidaskClub earlier today.
Boasting a price of $12.70, FormFactor,...




BidaskClub downgraded First Republic Bank (NYSE:FRC)  to Hold in a report released today.
Yesterday First Republic Bank (NYSE:FRC) traded...




BidaskClub downgraded First Midwest Bancorp Inc (NASDAQ:FMBI)  to Sell in a report released today.
Yesterday First Midwest Bancorp Inc (NASDAQ:FMBI)...




BidaskClub upgraded Evolent Health Inc (NYSE:EVH)  to Strong-Buy in a report released today.
BidaskClub has upgraded Evolent Health Inc...




Frontier Communications Corp (NASDAQ:FTR) has been downgraded  to Strong Sell in a statement by BidaskClub earlier today.
Boasting a price of $14.05, Frontier...














About Breaking Finance News
Contributors
Contact
Privacy Policy



Copyright © 2015 Breaking Finance News






























Loxo Oncology, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 10:46 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Loxo Oncology, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Loxo Oncology, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, develops and sells medicines for patients with genetically defined cancers in the United States. Its lead product candidate comprises larotrectinib, an oral selective inhibitor of tropomyosin receptor kinase (TRK), which is in adult Phase 1 trial, a pediatric Phase 1/2 trial, and an adult/adolescent Phase 2 trial for the treatment of patients with tumor types, such as lung, head and neck, melanoma, colorectal, sarcoma, and breast cancer. The company’s preclinical programs include LOXO-195, a drug candidate in preclinical development to address predicted acquired resistance mechanisms; RET inhibitor that optimizes potency for rearranged during...
Loxo Oncology, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, develops and sells medicines for patients with genetically defined cancers in the United States. Its lead product candidate comprises larotrectinib, an oral selective inhibitor of tropomyosin receptor kinase (TRK), which is in adult Phase 1 trial, a pediatric Phase 1/2 trial, and an adult/adolescent Phase 2 trial for the treatment of patients with tumor types, such as lung, head and neck, melanoma, colorectal, sarcoma, and breast cancer. The company’s preclinical programs include LOXO-195, a drug candidate in preclinical development to address predicted acquired resistance mechanisms; RET inhibitor that optimizes potency for rearranged during transfection (RET) fusion proteins, mutations, and anticipated mechanisms of acquired resistance; and FGFR inhibitor that enables potently inhibiting FGFR isoforms comprising four isoforms with tyrosine kinase domains. It has a drug discovery collaboration agreement with Array BioPharma, Inc. to obtain various rights to TRK inhibitor program and oncology targets. Loxo Oncology, Inc. was founded in 2013 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.
Detailed Description


281 Tresser Boulevard9th FloorStamford, CT 06901United StatesFounded in 201330 Employees



Phone: 203-653-3880

www.loxooncology.com







Key Executives for Loxo Oncology, Inc.




Dr. Joshua H. Bilenker M.D.


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      


Age: 45
        

Total Annual Compensation: $492.5K








Ms. Jennifer Burstein M.B.A. CPA


      	VP of Finance & Principal Financial Officer
      


Age: 45
        

Total Annual Compensation: $300.0K








Mr. Jacob S. Van Naarden


      	Chief Business Officer
      


Age: 32
        

Total Annual Compensation: $336.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Loxo Oncology, Inc. Key Developments

Loxo Oncology Seeks Acquisitions
Jun 20 17
Loxo Oncology, Inc. (NasdaqGM:LOXO) announced on Jun 20, 2017 closing of its previously announced underwritten public offering of 3,622,500 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $72.00 per share, which included the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase 472,500 additional shares of common stock. Gross proceeds to Loxo Oncology from this offering were approximately $260.8 million. Loxo Oncology intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for early commercialization activities for larotrectinib, new and ongoing research and development activities, including those related to LOXO-195 and LOXO-292, and general corporate purposes, which may include increased working capital, acquisitions or investments in businesses, products or technologies, and capital expenditures.


Loxo Oncology, Inc. Presents at JMP Securities Life Sciences Conference 2017, Jun-20-2017 01:00 PM
Jun 17 17
Loxo Oncology, Inc. Presents at JMP Securities Life Sciences Conference 2017, Jun-20-2017 01:00 PM. Venue: St. Regis Hotel, 2 East 55 Street, New York, New York, United States.


Loxo Oncology Seeks Acquisitions
Jun 14 17
Loxo Oncology, Inc. (NasdaqGM:LOXO) announced the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 3.15 million shares of common stock at a public offering price of $72 per share. Gross proceeds to Loxo Oncology from this offering are expected to be approximately $226.8 million. Loxo Oncology intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for early commercialization activities for larotrectinib, new and ongoing research and development activities, including those related to LOXO-195 and LOXO-292, and general corporate purposes, which may include increased working capital, acquisitions or investments in businesses, products or technologies, and capital expenditures.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Loxo Oncology, Inc., please visit www.loxooncology.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Pipeline | Loxo Oncology















Pipeline
Overview






Overview





We are developing a pipeline of purpose-built, targeted medicines against genetic drivers of cancer. By designing highly selective medicines, we have the potential to deliver treatments that increase clinical benefit in genetically defined patient populations and fulfill the promise of precision medicine for appropriate patients.






Program Indication



Programs

All Programs
Larotrectinib (LOXO-101)
LOXO-292 (RET inhibitor)
LOXO-195 (TRK inhibitor)
FGFR Program















Larotrectinib (LOXO-101) Cancers Harboring Alterations of Tropomyasin Receptor Kinase (TRK)
Worldwide Commercial rights: Loxo Oncology, Inc.





Preclinical
Phase 1
Phase 2
Registration









Phase 2 Basket Trial
Status: Adult/adolescent solid tumors with TRK fusions, currently enrolling










NCI-MATCH Trial
Status: Phase 2 Multi-Sponsor Umbrella Protocol Across >900 Sites Nationwide larotrectinib (LOXO-101) for TRK Fusions










Adult Phase 1 Trial
Status: Continue to follow enrolled TRK fusion patients; explore non-fusion TRK biology, currently enrolling










Pediatric Phase 1/2 Trial
Status: Pediatric Solid or Primary CNS Tumors, Currently Enrolling







LOXO-292 (RET inhibitor) Cancers Harboring Alterations of Rearranged During Transfection (RET)
Worldwide Commercial rights: Loxo Oncology, Inc.





Preclinical
Phase 1
Phase 2
Registration









LOXO-292 Phase 1 Trial
Status: Phase 1 trial currently enrolling







LOXO-195 (TRK inhibitor) Next-Generation TRK Inhibitor for Potential Acquired Resistance
Worldwide Commercial rights: Loxo Oncology, Inc.





Preclinical
Phase 1
Phase 2
Registration


















FGFR Program Cancers Harboring Alterations of Fibroblast Growth Factor Receptor (FGFR)
Worldwide Commercial rights: Loxo Oncology, Inc.





Preclinical
Phase 1
Phase 2
Registration










Status: Lead Optimization	    
































ETFs Holding LOXO | Loxo Oncology, Inc | ETF Channel
































































Home
ETF Videos
ETF Articles
Contrarian Outlook
ETF Finder
ETF Insights
ETF Fund Flows
ChartZero.com












LOXO — Latest Video

If the video does not load after a few moments, 
Upgrade to the Latest Flash Player.







LOXO — Price Chart


Recent Related Videos






LOXO Description — Loxo Oncology, Inc     Loxo Oncology is a biopharmaceutical company. Co.'s main product candidate is Larotrectinib, is an oral, selective inhibitor of the tropomyosin receptor kinase (TRK) family in development for the treatment of tumors with TRK fusions. Co.'s preclinical product pipeline include: LOXO-195, which is designed as a second-generation TRK inhibitor intended to address predicted acquired resistance mechanisms resulting from therapy with a first-generation TRK inhibitor such as larotrectinib, or multikinase inhibitors with anti-TRK activity; as well as LOXO-292, which targets a cancer oncogene known as Rearranged during Transfection.    
	

LOXO — Key Stats (updated 12 hours, 2 minutes ago)



Company Name: 
Loxo Oncology, Inc

Website: 
www.loxooncology.com

Sector: 
Drugs & Pharmaceuticals

Number of ETFs Holding LOXO: 
21

Total Market Value Held by ETFs: 
$97,575,799

Total Market Capitalization: 
$1,912,000,000

% of Market Cap. Held by ETFs: 
5.10%



ETFs Holding LOXO




 ETF 
 LOXO Weight 
 LOXO Amount 

 IBB 
 0.35% 
 $31,584,492         

 IWM 
 0.07% 
 $27,580,367         

 XBI 
 0.35% 
 $14,344,249         

 IWO 
 0.15% 
 $12,250,972         

 VHT 
 0.04% 
 $3,272,622         

 PTH 
 1.87% 
 $2,298,426         

 VXF 
 0.03% 
 $1,607,073         

 VTWO 
 0.08% 
 $1,248,696         

 BIB 
 0.23% 
 $1,087,497         

 DWAS 
 0.42% 
 $789,830         

List of all 21 ETFs holding LOXO 
» 


LOXO — News






Featured Slideshows





10 ETFs With Stocks That 
Insiders Are Buying

10 ETFs With Most Upside 
To Analyst Targets

25 Dividend Giants Widely Held By ETFs

25 S.A.F.E. Dividend 
Stocks Increasing Payments For Decades

Broker Darlings: Top 15 Analyst Picks 
of the Dow

Top 25 Broker Analyst Picks of the 
S&P 500

Forgotten S&P 500 Giants: 
Analysts' Current Least Favorites

25 Top Ranked 
Socially Responsible Dividend Stocks

10 Oversold ETFs

The Top 10 
DividendRank'ed Stocks


Warren Buffett Dividend Stocks

The 
DividendRank Top 25

The Top 10 
DividendRank'ed DJIA Components

The Top 10 
DividendRank'ed Dow Transports Components

The Top 10 
DividendRank'ed Dow Utilities Components

The Top 10 
DividendRank'ed Nasdaq 100 Components

10 Stocks
Going Ex-Dividend

10 Oversold
Dividend Stocks

10 Stocks Where
Yields Got More Juicy

10 Dividend Bargains You Can   
Buy Cheaper Than Insiders Did

Top Ranked Dividend
Stocks With Insider Buying

10 
Energy Stocks You Can Buy Cheaper Than Insiders Did

10 Metals Stocks
You Can Buy Cheaper Than Insiders Did

10 Oversold Metals 
Stocks

10 Must-Know High-Yield 
REITs

10 Top DividendRank'ed 
Financials

10 Top
DividendRank'ed Metals Stocks

10 Oversold
Energy Stocks

10 Top
DividendRank'ed Energy Stocks

10 Top
DividendRank'ed Utility Stocks

10 Stocks Crossing
Below Book Value

10 Stocks
Crossing Above Their 200 Day Moving Average

10 Stocks
Crossing Below Their 200 Day Moving Average

10
ETFs Crossing Above Their 200 DMA


The 10 Biggest ETFs

The 10 Best ETF Performers

The 10 Worst ETF Performers

10 ETFs With Notable Inflows

10 ETFs With Notable Outflows

Top 10 Analyst Rated 
Consumer Stocks

Top 10 Analyst Rated 
Dividend Stocks

Top 10 Analyst Rated 
Energy Stocks

Top 10 Analyst Rated 
Financial Stocks

Top 10 Analyst Rated 
Healthcare Stocks

Top 10 Analyst Rated REIT 
Stocks

Top 10 Analyst Rated 
Technology Stocks

The Top 10 
DividendRank'ed Canadian Stocks

The 
DividendRank Canada Top 25

10 Canadian Stocks
Going Ex-Dividend

10 Oversold
Canadian Stocks

10 Canadian Stocks Where
Yields Got More Juicy

10 Must-Know 
High-Yield Canadian Real Estate Stocks

10 Top DividendRank'ed 
Canadian Financials

10 Must-Know 
High-Yield Canadian Energy Stocks

10 Canadian Stocks Crossing
Below Book Value

10 Canadian Stocks
Crossing Above Their 200 Day Moving Avg

10 Canadian Stocks
Crossing Below Their 200 Day Moving Avg

Stock market game


Advertising Opportunities on ETF Channel






LOXO — Current Quote



Quotes delayed 20 minutes


Avg. Broker Rec. 




Strong Buy (3.90 out of 4)
82nd percentile

(ranked higher than approx. 82% of all stocks covered)

Analysts Forecast: LOXO Price Target

Based on data provided by Zacks Investment Research via Quandl.com



LOXO — Performance















PARTNER NEWS:Wed, Mar 15, 7:22 AM, Zacks
After Valeant, Here are 5 Drug Stocks Bill Ackman Should Buy InsteadWith Bill Ackman finally deciding to exit Valeant (VRX), here is a look at 5 Zacks Rank  1 and  2 drug stocks that the billionaire investor could consider buying.
Fri, Mar 3, 7:50 AM, Zacks
Should You Sell Loxo Oncology (LOXO) Before Earnings?Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and Loxo Oncology, Inc. (LOXO) may be one such company.









ETFs Holding LOXO | Loxo Oncology, Inc | ETF Channel | www.ETFChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2009 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in ETF Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use
 and Privacy Policy.  Video widget and ETF videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote data delayed at least 20 
minutes; ETF data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact ETF Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.

























    LOXO News - Loxo Oncology Inc. Company News & Press Releases - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Loxo Oncology Inc.

                  NASDAQ: LOXO
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Loxo Oncology Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 5:09 p.m.


LOXO

/quotes/zigman/35846778/composite


$
73.50




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 3,422
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/35846778/composite
Today's close

$
			74.27
		


$
				73.50
			
Change

-0.77
-1.04%





Day low
Day high
$72.50
$74.97










52 week low
52 week high

            $17.14
        

            $83.12
        

















/news/latest/company/us/loxo

      MarketWatch News on LOXO
    




 Dow industrials maintain gap support, Nasdaq presses post-FAANG peak
11:23 a.m. June 22, 2017
 - Michael Ashbaugh




 Loxo Oncology launching secondary offering to fund drug research
4:31 p.m. June 13, 2017
 - Wallace Witkowski




 Loxo Oncology jumps 34% premarket on news of positive cancer drug trial
7:49 a.m. June 5, 2017
 - Ciara Linnane




 Loxo Oncology jumps 28.6% premarket
7:32 a.m. June 5, 2017
 - Ciara Linnane




 Drug targeting genetic defect shared by different cancers succeeds in shrinking  tumors
11:55 a.m. June 3, 2017
 - Peter Loftus




 These corporate ties will be on display at Scott Gottlieb’s FDA commissioner confirmation hearing today
8:39 a.m. April 5, 2017
 - Emma Court




 Loxo Oncology started at overweight with $59 stock price target at Morgan Stanley
8:36 a.m. April 3, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Loxo stock surges 14% after positive early-stage results
11:34 a.m. April 18, 2016
 - Emma R. Court




 Almost half of venture-backed IPOs this year are losers
6:00 a.m. Oct. 3, 2014
 - Philip van Doorn











/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/loxo

      Other News on LOXO
    





Biotech Bonanza: The Next Leg Up

3:11 p.m.  Today3:11 p.m. July 25, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Will The Federal Reserve Avoid A Slowdown?

11:54 a.m. June 28, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Biotech's Best Chance Has Gotten Even Better

1:58 p.m. June 21, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





These Biotechs Are Leading The Sector To A 3-Month High Today

11:57 a.m. June 20, 2017
 - Investors Business Daily





Loxo Strikes While the Biotech Iron is Hot 

2:50 p.m. June 15, 2017
 - The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition





Loxo Oncology Shares Rally, Despite Diluting Investors

8:00 a.m. June 15, 2017
 - Motley Fool





Excitement from ASCO: TG Thereapeutics, Loxo Oncology, and Bluebird Bio

9:29 a.m. June 13, 2017
 - Motley Fool





Apple Echoes Amazon As Alibaba, Tesla Soar; Macy's Warns Again: Week In Review

8:57 a.m. June 9, 2017
 - Investors Business Daily





Biotech's Best Chance!

8:52 a.m. June 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





15 Stocks To Buy On Market Weakness - Cramer's Mad Money (6/7/17)

7:40 a.m. June 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





In Biotech, No News Is Bad News     

5:30 a.m. June 7, 2017
 - The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition





Loxo Nudges Ahead Of Ignyta With Tumor-Agnostic Therapy

8:02 a.m. June 6, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





S&P 500, Dow Jones Close Lower Amid Geopolitical Worries

7:45 a.m. June 6, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Why Navistar International, Loxo Oncology, and Helix Energy Solutions Jumped Today

4:30 p.m. June 5, 2017
 - Motley Fool





Here Are Winners And Losers From Year's Biggest Cancer Meeting

3:42 p.m. June 5, 2017
 - Investors Business Daily





Here's Why Loxo Oncology Soared as Much as 58.5% Today

1:33 p.m. June 5, 2017
 - Motley Fool





Loxo Oncology Inc (LOXO) Shares Skyrocket on Successful Cancer Drug Trial

12:14 p.m. June 5, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Analyst action - healthcare

10:12 a.m. June 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Loxo Oncology Makes New All-Time High After Positive Results From Larotrectinib Trial

9:26 a.m. June 5, 2017
 - benzinga.com





Premarket Gainers as of 9:05 am

9:25 a.m. June 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...







/news/pressrelease/company/us/loxo

      Press Releases on LOXO
    




 Loxo Oncology Announces the Closing of its Follow-On Offering of Common Stock and Full Exercise of the Underwriters' Option to Purchase Additional Shares
4:01 p.m. June 20, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology Prices Follow-On Offering of Common Stock
9:19 p.m. June 14, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock
4:02 p.m. June 13, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology Announces Clinical Proof of Concept Publication for Next-Generation TRK Inhibitor LOXO-195
7:30 a.m. June 3, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology Breakthrough Therapy Larotrectinib Demonstrates 76 Percent Confirmed Objective Response Rate in TRK Fusion Adult and Pediatric Cancers as Presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting
7:30 a.m. June 3, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology Announces FDA Clearance of Investigational New Drug (IND) Application for Next-Generation TRK Inhibitor, LOXO-195
6:46 a.m. May 30, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology Announces Details of Two Larotrectinib Clinical Data Oral Presentations at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting
5:00 p.m. May 17, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology Announces FDA Orphan Drug Designation Granted to Larotrectinib for the Treatment of Solid Tumors with NTRK-Fusion Proteins
6:45 a.m. May 12, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Purcell Julie & Lefkowitz LLP Is Investigating Loxo Oncology, Inc. for Potential Breaches Of Fiduciary Duty By Its Board of Directors
7:01 a.m. May 10, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Loxo Oncology Announces Enrollment of First Patient in Phase 1 Clinical Trial for Highly Selective RET Inhibitor, LOXO-292
6:45 a.m. May 10, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results
6:45 a.m. May 9, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results
6:46 a.m. May 2, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology Announces Acceptance of Larotrectinib Oral Presentations at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting
6:45 a.m. April 5, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology Announces Proof of Concept Clinical Data for Larotrectinib in TRK Fusion Glioblastoma Presented at the AACR Annual Meeting 2017
4:30 p.m. March 31, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology Announces Larotrectinib Pan-TRK IHC Companion Diagnostic Collaboration with Ventana Medical Systems, Inc., a member of the Roche Group
6:45 a.m. March 20, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Financial Results
7:45 a.m. March 7, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology to Present at Cowen and Company 37th Annual Health Care Conference
7:45 a.m. March 1, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology to Announce Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Financial Results
7:45 a.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Loxo Oncology Announces Completion of Clinical Trial Enrollment for Larotrectinib NDA Primary Efficacy Analysis
7:45 a.m. Feb. 21, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Purcell Julie & Lefkowitz LLP is Investigating Loxo Oncology, Inc. for Potential Breaches of Fiduciary Duty by its Board of Directors
6:45 p.m. Feb. 8, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE


Loading more headlines...


















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:46 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:14pOne version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote
9:28pGeorge Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































 





Loxo Oncology, Inc. (NASDAQ:LOXO): Loxo Oncology, Inc. (LOXO): Product News News | StockNews.com






















































   
        

   
        





Follow Us!
StockTwits
Twitter
























                Loxo Oncology, Inc. (LOXO): Product News News              








LOXO – Announces that the FDA has cleared the IND application for LOXO-195 TRK inhibitor.

May 30, 2017 | 7:12am | By StockNews.com Staff 
 












 



Product News 





Key Facts Surrounding This News Item


LOXO had a POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy) coming into today.
LOXO was 1.69% above its 10-Day Moving Average coming into today.
LOXO was 4.59% above its 20-Day Moving Average coming into today.
LOXO was 4.29% above its 50-Day Moving Average coming into today.
LOXO was 10.05% above its 100-Day Moving Average coming into today.
LOXO was 37.11% above its 200-Day Moving Average coming into today.
LOXO had returned +47.70% year-to-date leading up to today’s news, versus a +8.60% return from the benchmark S&P 500 during the same period.

More Info About Loxo Oncology, Inc. (LOXO)

Loxo Oncology engages in the discovery, development, and commercialization of cancer therapies in the United States. The company’s focus is on lung, head and neck, melanoma, colorectal, sarcoma, and breast cancer. The company was founded in 2013 and is based in Stamford, Connecticut. View our full LOXO ticker page with ratings, news, and more.
 






 


LOXO at a Glance




                  LOXO Current POWR Rating™
                   








                      Overall POWR Rating™
                    







LOXO Current Price

                        $73.50 
                        1.04%                      



More LOXO Ratings, Data, and News







 


LOXO Price Reaction




The day of this event (May. 30, 2017)LOXO Closing Price$45.62 3.84%LOXO Volume172,6005.17% from avgLeading up to this eventLOXO 1-mo returnN/A%After this eventLOXO 1-day return3.92%LOXO 3-day return3.14%LOXO 5-day return32.23% 



LOXO Price Chart






























 



            More Loxo Oncology, Inc. (LOXO) News 
            View All





Event/Date
Symbol
News Detail
Start Price
End Price
Change
POWR Rating



Loading, please wait...



View All LOXO News









Page generated in 0.8755 seconds.        










LOXO Profile | Loxo Oncology, Inc. Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,477.13+7.22 (+0.29%)Dow 3021,613.43+100.26 (+0.47%)Loxo Oncology, Inc. (LOXO)NasdaqGM - NasdaqGM Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist73.50-0.77 (-1.04%)At close:  4:00PM EDT73.50 0.00 (0.00%)After hours: 5:09PM EDTPeople also watchRXDXSAGEBPMCMGNXTSROSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsLoxo Oncology, Inc.281 Tresser Boulevard9th FloorStamford, CT 06901United States203-653-3880http://www.loxooncology.comSector: HealthcareIndustry: BiotechnologyFull Time Employees: 30Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeDr. Joshua H. Bilenker M.D.Founder, Chief Exec. Officer, Pres and Director788kN/A45Ms. Jennifer  Burstein M.B.A. CPAVP of Fin. & Principal Financial Officer408kN/A45Mr. Jacob S. Van NaardenChief Bus. Officer477.12kN/A32Dr. Lori Anne Kunkel M.D.Consultant and Director35kN/A59Ms. Sara  SlifkaVP of Bus. Operations & Program ManagementN/AN/AN/AAmounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in USD.DescriptionLoxo Oncology, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, develops and sells medicines for patients with genetically defined cancers in the United States. Its lead product candidate comprises larotrectinib, an oral selective inhibitor of tropomyosin receptor kinase (TRK), which is in adult Phase 1 trial, a pediatric Phase 1/2 trial, and an adult/adolescent Phase 2 trial for the treatment of patients with tumor types, such as lung, head and neck, melanoma, colorectal, sarcoma, and breast cancer. The companys preclinical programs include LOXO-195, a drug candidate in preclinical development to address predicted acquired resistance mechanisms; RET inhibitor that optimizes potency for rearranged during transfection (RET) fusion proteins, mutations, and anticipated mechanisms of acquired resistance; and FGFR inhibitor that enables potently inhibiting FGFR isoforms comprising four isoforms with tyrosine kinase domains. It has a drug discovery collaboration agreement with Array BioPharma, Inc. to obtain various rights to TRK inhibitor program and oncology targets. Loxo Oncology, Inc. was founded in 2013 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.Corporate GovernanceLoxo Oncology, Inc.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of July 1, 2017 is 9. The pillar scores are Audit: 2; Board: 8; Shareholder Rights: 8; Compensation: 10.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Search for Doctors and Other Clinicians | CTCA











































































For Referring Physicians


For Current Patients


Request an Appointment




Call us 24/7 at 
(888) 851-8402
Chat online now test



















(888) 851-8402



(888) 851-8402







Have questions? Call (888) 851-8402 to speak to a cancer information specialist.





































Search for doctors & clinicians




At Cancer Treatment Centers of America®, cancer treatment is personalized to your individual needs. Our doctors and clinicians work together to deliver integrative care that is tailored to your needs. To learn more, search our cancer experts by specialty, location or name.


















Search doctors


clear


All Hospitals: All Specialties

We do not currently have a clinician bio for the name you searched.




Elham  Abboud, MD




Emil  Abramian, MD




Syed A. Abutalib, MD




Jill  Agin, RD, LD, CNSC




Eugene  Ahn, MD




Sramila  Aithal, MD




Tara  Alaichamy, PT, DPT, CLT




Irina  Aleynikova, MSOM, LAc




Kathy  Aliffi, MSN, NP-C




Shannon  Allison, PT, CLT




Abdul Hamid  Alraiyes, MD, FCCP




Nejd  Alsikafi, MD




Laurence H. Altshuler, MD




Ricardo H. Alvarez, MD, MSc




Juan  Alzate, MD




Samantha   Amato, PA-C




Miral  Amin, MD




Lila  Ammouri, MD




Courtney  Anderson, PA-C 




Katherine  Anderson, ND, FABNO




Drew  Angus, DMin




Shanetia   Avinger, MSN, APRN, FNP-C




Mark  Axness, MD




Eliza  Bacot, ACNP, RN




Peter  Baik, DO, FACOS




Kala  Bailey, MS, LPC, RD, LDN




Clinton J. Baird, MD




Lisa  Baldwin, MD




Kelly  Baltazar, ND, DC, MS




Aroop  Banerji, ND, FABNO




Kenna Brooke  Barber, ND




Mary  Bartolome, PT, CLT




Raman  Battish, MD




Rabih  Bechara, MD, FCCP




Herbert H.  Beck III, MD




Derrick  Beech, MD, FACS




Jason  Beland, MD




Elise  Benczkowski, ND




Cathleen  Bender, PT




Gary  Bernstein, MD, FACS, MBA




Sandra  Beta, MSN, APN, RN, OCN HN-BC




Carol  Bier-Laning, MD, FACS




Timothy C. Birdsall, ND, FABNO




Shauna M. Birdsall, ND, FABNO




David  Block




Aric  Blom, PA-C




Robert W. Bloom, MD




Samantha Vander  Bloomen, RD, LD




Kelsey   Blumer, MMS, PA-C




Anthony  Bolden, PA-C




Ioana  Bonta, MD




Vera  Boone, PA-C




Lynn  Alison Bornfriend, MD




David M. Boyd, MD




Gerald  Boyles, MD




Michelle   Bregenzer, WHCNP-BC, MSN, RN




Dmitriy  Breydburd, MD




W. Todd  Brookover, MD




Kia   Brooks, PA-C




Charles Komen  Brown, MD, PhD




Meagan  Brown, MA, LCSW




Allison  Bryant, NP




Morgan   Cadrette, RD, LD




Alexandria  Callahan, LCPC, BC-DMT, GLCMA




Barry  Calvert, OTR/L




Travis  Campbell, PA-C




Gus  Canaday Jr., APRN, CNP, FNP




Kathryn  Cantera, PT, DPT, CLT




Erika  Carachilo, MA/CCC-SLP, CLT




Jennifer  Cargile, MEd, CCC-SLP




Kalli N. Castille, MS, RD, FAND, LD




Sean  Cavanaugh, MD




Sharad  Chandrika, MD




Anya  Chang, ND




Sung  Chang, MD




Ricky  Chang, MD




Mingkui  Chen, MD, PhD




Jeffery  Choh, MD




Lanceford M. Chong, MD, MPH




Mashiul  Chowdhury, MD




Shahin  Chowdhury, DO




Justin  Chura, MD




Dennis  Citrin, MD, PhD




Janell  Clark, APN-BC, MSN, MBA




Carter   Co, MD




Richard  Cogan




John  Cook, MD




Melanie  Corbman, MS, LCGC




Randall  Craft, MD




Pamela  Crilley, DO




Judd  Cummings, MD




Sadie  Dahlk, RD, LDN, CNSC, CSO




Susan   Damico, MS, FNP-C, AOCNP




Sharon  Day, RD, MBA, CSO, CNSC




Barbara  Dehel, PA-C




Michael  DelaTorre, MD




John S.  Dennis, DO




Kyle  Dent, MS, RD, CSO, LDN




Ashish  Dhungel, MD




Lucio  Di Nunno, MD




Ruth  Diamond, RN, FNP-BC




Hannah  Do, MD




Joseph  Domanico, DOT




Rhonwynn  Dozier, PA-C, MMSc-PA




Pierrette  Dsamou, MD




Fred  Durden, MD




Samantha  Edwards, ND, FABNO




Holly  Edwards, MS, RD, LD




Eliot  Edwards, ND, FABNO




Rola E.  Eid, DO, FACOS




Munit  Emlaelu, MD




Jude   Emokpare, MD




Jessica  Engelbrecht, MS, RD, CSR, LD, CNSC 




Altovise  Ewing, PhD




Susan  Fairley-Holbach, RN, ACNP




Hongyu  Fang, MD




John H. Farley, MD, FACOG, FACS




Laura C.  Farrington, DO




Julia  Fechtner, RD, LDN, CNSC, CSO




Jennifer  Feingold, LAc, MAc, PA-C




John G.  Fernandez, MD




Diane  Fernandez, MD




Angelishea  Ferrell, LMSW




Debora   Fineman, MD




Chad  Finney, NCTMB, LMT




Kenneth  Flanagan, MD




Kyle   Flowers, DO




James  Flynn, MD, FACR, FACRO




Lawrence  Foster, MDiv




Eric  Fowler, MS, LGC




Cody  Frech




Carl  Frizell, PA-C, MSPAS




Yiping  Fu, MD, FCCP




Charles  Fulp, MD




Karen  Gafford, PA-C




Paul  Gannon, ND




Fernando U. Garcia, MD




Harry  Gatewood, MDiv




John  Geisler, MD, FACOG




Deborah  Gelbspan, MD




Bruce  Gershenhorn, DO




Amy  Gholsten, MS, RD, CSO




Richard  Gilson, MD




Andrew H. Goldstein, MD, FACS




Sara  Gomendi, ND, FABNO




Jennifer Moore Goodson, RN, MSN, FNP-C




Chip  Gordon, MDiv




Joel L. Granick, MD, MS




Pierre  Greeff, MD, FACS




Alyson  Greiter, RD, CSO, LDN




Meredith  Grigsby, OTR/L




Ann  Grimes, PA-C




Chetan S. Gujrathi, MD




Syed  Haider, MD




Hatem  Halabi, MD, FACS




Christopher  Halpin, MD




Debrah  Harding, ND, FABNO




Jenna  Hearn, DPT, ATRIC




Curt J. Heese, MD, MS




Rebecca   Heintzelman, MD




Scott  Hendrickson, DO, FACOI




Emily  Herbert, FNP-C




Britt  Hermann, LCSW




Amy  Herrick, MSN, FNP, AOCNP




Joshua  Herskovic, MD




Kendal  Hervert, DO




Kristen  Hilburger, FNP-C




Danielle  Hill, RD, LDN




Jeffrey  Hoag, MD, MS, FCCP




Timothy  Holder, MD, FAAFP




Mirela  Holtz, PT, DPT, CLT




Noah S. Horowitz, MD




Harold  Huss, DO, FACS




Amanda  Hutchinson, MD




Christian  Hyde, MD




Cynthia  Ingram, BS, RN, HN-BC, COHN-S




Jessica  Isaac, MSN, ANP-BC, AOCNP




Vivek  Iyer, MD




Wissam  Jaber, MD




Carol Mackenzie   Jackson, PhD, PA-C




Jordana  Jaffee, MD




Melissa   Jakubowski, RD, CSO, LDN




Sharone  Jensen, MD




Patricia  Johnson, ND, MS, RN, LAc




Anita  Johnson, MD, FACS




Toufic  Kachaamy, MD




Kirsten   Kane, MS, RD, LD




Puja  Karanth, MD




Kevin  Kasper, MD




Pranay  Kathuria, MD, FACP, FASN, FNKF




Solomon  Katta, MD




Michael  Kayser, DO, FACMG




Shayma Master  Kazmi, MD, RPh




Daniel  Kellman, ND, FABNO




Douglas  Kelly, MD




Adam  Kerievsky, ND, LAc, FABNO




Shazia  Khan, MD




Raza  Khan, MD




Don  King, MD




Jonathon  Kirkland, DO




Sarah  Kiser, MS, RD




Suzi  Kochar, MD




Suzi  Kochar, MD




Naini  Kohli, ND, FABNO




Henry  Krebs, MD




Joe  L’Abbe, PT




Shawnie  Lamborn, DC




Carolyn  Lammersfeld, MBA, MS, RD, CSO, LD




Todd  Lane, OTR/L




Crystal  Langlois, RD, LD




Heidi  Larder, NP-C




Brian  Larsen, MA, LCPC




Tran  Le, PA-C




Charles  Lindsey, MD




Daniel  Liu, MD




Arturo  Loaiza-Bonilla, MD, MSEd, FACP




LaWanda  Long, MDiv




Jason   Lu, MD, FCCP




Khara  Lucius, ND, FABNO




William  Lyday, MD




Cynthia  Lynch, MD




Stephen  Lynch, MD




Victoria  Mahboub, MS, LCSW




Asim  Mahmood, MD




Daina  Mallard, MMS, PA-C, MS, RD, LDN




Kelly   Manahan, MD, FACOG




Maurie   Markman, MD




Laura  Martin, MD




Stephanie  Mazzanti, LCPC, E RYT 200




Timothy  McCay, DO




Robert D. McCullough II, DO




Charles  McDonald, DC




Larry  McKenzie, DO




John E. McKnight, MD, MBA




Mark  Medlin, MD




Eyal  Meiri, MD




Jeffrey A. Metts, MD, MPH




Debbie  Mewbourne, MS, APRN, CNP, AOCNP, CBCN




Daniel  Miller, MD




Ashley  Miller, APRN




Lynn  Misch, MS, RN, FNP




Cheryl  Mitcham, PA-C, MMSc-PA




Diane  Mokhtarpour, PA-C




Brad Russell Mons, DO




Colleen  Mooney, MS, MPH, RD, CSO, LDN




Sarah  Moony, MS, RD, PA-C




Stephanie R. Moore, DNP, APRN, ACNS-BC




Jessica  Moore, ND




Diego  Muilenburg, MD




Rob  Mukerjee, MD




David  Mumma, PA-C




Daniel  Nader, DO, FCCP, FACP




Madhavi  Nagilla, MD




Rakhshanda  Neelam, MD




Nathan  Neufeld, DO




Mary  Ninan, MD




Anne  Ojala, MSN, CRNP, AOCNP 




Raquel  Oliveira, PT, DPT




Charles  Onunkwo, MD




Lori  Ormsby, APRN, CNS




Daniel  Osberg, OTR, CLT




Brandy  Owens, PA-C, MPAS




Haritha  Pabbathi, MD




Julie  Pak, NP-C




Jeffrey  Paparone, MDiv




Ankur  Parikh, DO




Bijal  Parikh, PA-C




Mary  Parker Davis, MS, RD, LD




Christopher  Parks, MD




Nimesh  Patel, MD




Ankur  Patel, MD




Kamal  Patel, MD




Sutchin  Patel, MD, FACS




Mehul  Patel, PA-C




Atulkumar  Patel, MD




Jalpa  Patel, PA-C




John  Pawloski, MD, PhD




Brent C.  Paxton, DC




Michael S. Payne, Jr., MD




Aaron  Pelletier, MD




Nicole  Perez, MA, RMT




Anthony  Perre, MD




Angela  Peters, MSN, NP-C




Samantha  Peterson, MS, RD




Alexandria  Phan, MD




Renee   Pieroth, MS, RD, CSO, LDN, 




Michael  Pinell, MD, MHA




Mary  Pirrung, MSN, FNP-C




Evan  Pisick, MD




Theodore  Pollock, DO, FACOI




Lisa Marie Poormon, PT, DPT, M Ed, CLT




Angella  Popinga, OTR/L, CLT-LANA




Ravi  Prakash, MD, MRCP 




Raquel  Prati, MD




Letitia  Price, PA-C, MCMSc-PA




Scott  Price, MD




Katherine  Puckett, PhD, MS, MSW, LCSW




David  Quintero, MD




Farhang  Rabbani, MD, FRCSC




Raed  Rahman, DO




Supriya  Raina-Hukku, MD




Brion V. Randolph, MD




Kimberly  Randolph, MSN, FNP-BC




Stephen P. Ray, MD, FACS, DABMA




Istvan  Redei, MD




Lauren  Redig, PT, DPT




Russell Mark Reisner, MD, FACS




Sabrina  Rene, MD




June  Rhoda, BS, MSN, FNP-BC, CRNP




Patricia  Rich, MD




Craig A.  Richman, MD, FACS




Sean  Riley, DC




Matt  Rinehart, MS, RD, CSO, LD




Gordon  Robson, DO




Susi  Roos, RN, MDiv




James E. Rosenberg, DC




Carolyn   Ruef, CRNP, AOCNP, APHN-BC




Anthony  Rutledge, ND




Steven  Sabath, DO




Farshid   Sadeghi, MD




Harshad  Sakhalkar, PhD




Kamorin  Samson, RD, BSN




Sara  Sanders, MS, RD, CSO




Ashish  Sangal, MD




Soonja  Sawyer, PA-C, MPAS




Wendell   Scanterbury, M.Div, CMC




Diane  Schaab, MS, LPC




Julian  Schink, MD




Patricia  Schloe, LMT, LPN




Richard  Schmidt, MD (Chicago area hospital)




Richard  Schmidt, MD (Philadelphia hospital)




Christopher  Schmidt, DO




Nathan  Schober, MS, RD, LD, CNSC




John  Schuler, MD




Susan  Sears, PA-C




Neil  Seeley, MD




Matthew  Seidel, MD




Deborah  Selm-Orr, RN, MS, DNP, CRNP, AOCN




Amarjit  Sen, PhD, DABR




Peter  Senatore, DO




Judy  Sequeira, MD




Eric  Sewell, MA




Anand  Shah, MD, MPH




Kunjan   Shah, PA-C




Rohit R. Shah, MD




Karan  Shah, MD, MBA




Lily  Shakibnia, MD




Christina  Shannon, ND, MBA, FABNO




Imran   Shariff, MD




Sonya M. Sharpless, MD




Audrey   Shaw, PA-C




Ashwin  Sheelvanth, MD




Julie  Shelby, MS, OTR/L




Scott  Shelfo, MD, FACS




Leah  Sherman, ND




Richard A. Shildt, MD




Sagun  Shrestha, MD




Samata  Shroff, PA-C




Svetlana  Sigalov, LMT




Keith  Simmons, DO




Bryan  Simms, DO, FAOCA




Tiearea   Sims, AG-ACNP, MSN, BSN, RN




Gurneet M. Singh, ND, LAc




Pakorn  Sirijintakarn, MD




Jeffrey A. Sklar, DC




Felicia  Slaton, PA-C, MHS




Michelle  Smekens, ND, FABNO




Elaine  Smith, MS, LMFT




Patrice  Smith, OTR/L




Jessica  Smith, MS, RD, CSO, LD




Karen  Smorowski, MD




Erin  Smucker, RD, LD




Yalda  Soha, DC, LAc, Dipl OM




Edra  Spevack, ND




Jennifer  Spicer, MA, PA-C




Marnee  Spierer, MD




Steven B. Standiford, MD, FACS




Craig  Steingraber, DC




Christopher McCord Stephenson, DO




Benita  Stevens, OTR/L, CLT




Jarrett  Stoll, MS, RD, LDN




David  Suh, MD




Holly  Sullivan, LCSW




Aurelia  Summerlin, MSN, APRN-BC, BMTCN




Narayan  Sundaram, MD, MBA




Revathi  Suppiah, MD




Benjamin  Sussman, DO, FAAFP




John  Swanson, PhD




Andrea M. Swartz, RD, LD




Mahdi  Taha, DO, FACOI




Bradford A. Tan, MD




Alan  Tan, MD




Richard  Tannen, MD, FCCP




Tanis  Taylor, LMFT




Karen  Taylor, PA-C




Pragatheeshwar  Thirunavukarasu, MD




Michael  Thomas, MD, FACS




Richard  Ticer, DO




Lucas  Tims, ND, FABNO




Kaoutar  Tlemcani, MD




Jenise   Tondini, PA-C




David L. Topolsky, MD




Jay  Trambadia, PsyD, MS




Kristen  Trukova, MS, RD, LDN, CNSC, CSO




Kevin  Tulipana, DO




Sarah  Tuohy, BSN, APNP, FNP




Kia  Twyman, PA-C




Michael  Uhl, MA, MDiv, LMFT




Carl N.  Valentin, MD




Brandy  Valentine, MAcOM




Lori  VanHorn, ANP-BC, APNP, MSN, RN




Glynis  Vashi, MD




Pankaj G. Vashi, MD




Pamela  Veale, PT




Irina  Vigovskaya, PA-C




Shelly  Vijay, MD




David P. Visco, MD, FCCP




Huan N.  Vu, MD




Steven C. Wagner, MD




David  Wakefield, PhD




Kenneth  Waldrup, MDiv




Andrea  Wall, APRN - ACNP-C, FNP-C, RNFA




Kristin  Wasley, MS, RN, APRN-BC




Kevin  Watkins, MD




Jordan  Waypa, MSN, APRN, FNP-C




Jeffrey M. Weber, MD




Valeria  Weiss, MS, RPA-C




Robert P. Whitehead, MD




Rotonda  Williams, PA-C, MMSc-PA




Sunhee  Williams, ND, MSA, LAc, FABNO




Carl  Williamson




Kevin E.  Woods, MD, MPH




Alan  Yahanda, MD, FACS




Leon J. Yoder, DO, FACP




Kenny S. Yoo, MD




Jong Hyeon  Yoo, MD




Helen  Yoo Bowne, MD




Jennifer  Young, MSPT




Mohammad  Yunus, MD




Sara  Zank, FNP-C, AOCNP




Delu  Zhou, MD, PhD

























Online Chat
Fill out all of the form below and we will connect you to someone to assist you.




First Name:

Don't forget to enter your first name.


Last Name:

Don't forget to enter your last name.


Email Address

Please enter a valid email address so we can respond to your inquiry.


Who are you seeking cancer care for?


Myself
My Spouse
A family member
A friend
None of the above

Please enter who you are seeking care for.



What type of insurance do you have?

Other

Please enter the type of insurance.




				I have read and understand the disclaimer.
                    Please review the disclaimer.

Chat now



























Loxo Oncology

















Innovating the development of highly selective medicines for patients with genetically defined cancers




We are developing a pipeline of purpose-built, targeted medicines against known genetic drivers of cancer.




Learn more
Learn more about Loxo Oncology








Patient Resources







Patient Resources
Learn more about our clinical trials and what it means to have a genetically defined cancer.




Learn more here





Abstracts & Publications







Latest Abstracts & Publications
A Pediatric Phase 1 Study of larotrectinib, a Highly Selective Inhibitor of the…




See all publications














Understanding the Biological Basis of Genetically Defined Cancers




Understanding the Biological Basis of Genetically Defined Cancers
Cancer is a disease of the DNA, with specific cancers often arising from distinct activating gene alterations. In the case of any given patient’s specific cancer, the “driving” gene alteration orders the cell to continue to divide, causing the cancerous tumor to form. In order to continue to survive, these tumors depend on the continued alteration of this gene and are uniquely vulnerable to any drug that is able to disrupt the faulty signaling pathway. Loxo Oncology is focused on developing therapies for cancers that are uniquely dependent on single gene abnormalities, such that a single drug has the potential to treat the cancer, by directly inhibiting a tumor’s driving genetic alteration.
Learn more







Learn more




Patient Resources








Understanding
Genetic Alterations
Learn more






Understanding
Genetic Testing
Learn more






Learn About
Genetically Defined Cancers
Learn more






Understanding
Targeted Therapies
Learn more












larotrectinib(LOXO - 101)
Learn more about Loxo Oncology's lead candidate, larotrectinib (LOXO-101), the only selective TRK inhibitor in clinical development.
learn more >







Our Pipeline
The most selective, purpose-built medicines have the highest probability of maximally inhibiting the intended target.
learn more >







Patient Education
What does it mean to have a genetically defined cancer? Click here for additional information and resources.
learn more >









Career Opportunities
Learn more about current jobs available with Loxo Oncology.

                Join Our Team
            































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


