

LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC | StartEngine














































Hello there.
Sign in to continue.


Hello there.
Sign in to continue.















Forgot Password?










Create Account







 
 









New to StartEngine?
Enter your email address to sign up


Welcome! You've been referred to StartEngine
We offer investment opportunities in growing companies, helping entrepreneurs achieve their dreams.
To confirm your referral, please enter your email.










Thanks for signing up!
An email has been sent to . Check your inbox to complete signing up.



Already have an account? Login here










Forgot Password
Please enter your email and we'll send you further instructions.




Back to Login













                  




















{{profileCtrl.error}}



      The LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC offering is now closed and is no longer accepting investments.
  







      182
    

      Investors
    




        $293,000.00
      


      Raised of $100K - $1M goal
    












      LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC
    

      LRF Thoroughbred Fund (“Company”) provides the opportunity to own a thoroughbred racehorse inside a partnership managed by Little Red Feather Racing.
    



        Small OPO
      


        Woodland Hills, CA
      


        Sports
      


        US Investors Only
      








        LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC
      

        LRF Thoroughbred Fund (“Company”) provides the opportunity to own a thoroughbred racehorse inside a partnership managed by Little Red Feather Racing.
      








            Small OPO
          




            Woodland Hills, CA
          




            Sports
          




            US Investors Only
          







      182
    

      Investors
    




        $293,000.00
      


      Raised of $100K - $1M goal
    













      Overview
    



      Team
    



      Terms
    



      Updates
    



      Comments
    



      Share
    
































For the first time in thoroughbred racing history, the Little Red Feather Racing Club will create a Racing Partnership through crowdfunding equity under the new Title III laws. 
The LRF Thoroughbred Fund (“Fund”) provides the opportunity for anyone to pursue racehorse ownership! 
The Fund will be managed by one of America’s largest thoroughbred racing clubs – Little Red Feather Racing (“LRF”). LRF burst onto the national scene in 2004 when its horse Singletary captured the $1,500,000 Breeders’ Cup Mile. In 15 years, LRF horses have won 192 races from 1,063 starts (18%) and grossed $10,735,470 in purses (through June 30, 2016).
Recently, LRF has enjoyed the best 18 months in its history with 43 wins from 192 starts and over $3,000,000 in gross purses. LRF currently manages stakes winners Midnight Storm, Chati’s on Top, Bellamentary, Sheer Pleasure, and Midnight Miley.




 To crowdfund the first ever thoroughbred racing partnership where the participant receives real equity in each racehorse.  


LRF will manage the Fund and use the final raise to buy up to six (6) thoroughbred racehorses with the intent of racing at Santa Anita Park and Del Mar. Each investor will own a pro-rata percentage of the Fund.  
Here’s an Example:
If the Fund raises $100,000:
LRF will use the proceeds to purchase up to three racehorses (and more if the final raise is higher).  LRF will also set aside a suitable reserve to pay expenses and operational costs. LRF will purchase the racehorses through traditional industry means. For example, the horses will be purchased:

At public auction
Via a claiming race; or 
Through a private purchase.

With 15 years experience, LRF has the industry networking ability to purchase almost any racehorse that is for sale. 
Once purchased, the horses will be trained by one of LRF’s trainers and prepare for its first race for the Fund. Investors will be kept intimately abreast of the racing careers of the Fund horses. The hallmark of LRF is its ability to communicate the horse’s journey with its investors. This “inside the locker room” communication provides a wealth of knowledge to both people new to ownership and those that have owned before.
LRF will also provide an accounting summary of all activity and, if applicable, make a distribution of available proceeds to the investors.
The Fund initially plans to dissolve by December 31, 2017.  However, if the Fund is financially viable, LRF, at its election, may continue the fund into 2018 and beyond.





Owning a thoroughbred in the “Sport of Kings” is like an admission to an exclusive club. Besides the pro-rata equity in the Fund, we hope (but not guaranteed) to provide investors will the following perks:
Level 3
$10,000+
__
The LRF Partner Package
This is similar to the traditional LRF partner who receives an “all-access” pass into the world of thoroughbred horse racing. 
• Equity in the fund equal to your investment divided by total raise. 
• Possible opportunity to apply for a California Owner’s License. 
• Visit Fund Horses at the barn. • Invitation to watch morning workouts. 
• Box Seats to all Fund races. 
• Part of Democratic Process of Naming the Horse. 
• Join other partners in the Paddock and Winners’ Circle (we will mail you the photo!). 
• Full LRF Concierge services (eg. access to purchase 2017 Kentucky Derby tickets).
• Participate in a monthly conference call to discuss the Fund’s horses. 
• Access to box seats for most races. 
• LRF T-Shirt and Hat.
• Detailed emails regarding each horse’s journey, including notification of entries and results. 
• Opportunity to purchase winner circle photos of your horses directly from the racetrack.
• Invite to Meet Your Horse’s Day at Santa Anita/Photo with your horses.
• Access to purchase Fund apparel.
* Behind the scenes welcome tour at Santa Anita Park (eg visiting starting gate at race time; silks room; watch track announcer call a race).
* Santa Anita Park Wagering ambassador assigned to act as new owner liaison.
* Priority access for clubhouse seating / reservations / food beverage specials at Santa Anita Park.
Level 2
$2,500-$9,999
__
The Fun Package
For those new to the sport who just want to dip their toes in to see if this really is “the most exciting investment you will ever make”.

Equity in the fund equal to your investment divided by totall raise. 
Participate in a monthly conference call to discuss the Fund’s horses. 
Access to box seats for most races.
LRF T-Shirt and Hat.
Detailed emails regarding each horse’s journey, including notification of entries and results.
Opportunity to purchase winner circle photos of your horses directly from the racetrack.
Invite to Meet Your Horse’s Day at Santa Anita/Photo with your horses. 
Access to purchase Fund apparel.
Behind the scenes welcome tour at Santa Anita Park (eg visiting starting gate at race time; silks room; watch track announcer call a race).
Santa Anita Park Wagering ambassador assigned to act as new owner liaison.
Priority access for clubhouse seating / reservations / food beverage specials at Santa Anita Park.

Level 1
$500 - $2,499
__
The Crowdfunding Package
For the casual fan who wants an inside the locker room look at the world of horse racing:

Equity in the fund equal to your investment divided by total raise. 
Detailed emails regarding each horse’s journey, including notification of entries and results. 
Opportunity to purchase winner circle photos of your horses directly from the racetrack. 
Invite to Meet Your Horse’s Day at Santa Anita/Photo with your horses. 
Access to purchase Fund apparel.
Behind the scenes welcome tour at Santa Anita Park (eg visiting starting gate at race time; silks room; watch track announcer call a race).
Santa Anita Park Wagering ambassador assigned to act as new owner liaison.
Priority access for clubhouse seating / reservations / food beverage specials at Santa Anita Park.




The gross proceeds of the Offering to the Company will be $100,000 if the Minimum Offering Amount is raised and $1,000,000 is the Maximum Offering Amount is raised. The net proceeds of the Offering, after deduction of expenses of the Offering, including but not limited to the intermediary’s fees, escrow fees, legal fees, accounting fees and management fees will be used by the Company as working capital to purchase, and maintain thoroughbred racehorses for racing at Santa Anita Park, Del Mar and other top racetracks.  The following table lists the estimated use of proceeds of the Offering if the Minimum Offering Amount and the Maximum Offering Amount are raised.
 


The estimated use of proceeds set forth below illustrate the present expectation of the Company. LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC will have discretion to alter the use of proceeds as set forth below as Company determines how to best accomplish its objectives.
















Established in 2002. 
California’s largest Racing Club, with over 300 active partners. 
Over 50% of LRF syndicates are made up of previous partners. 
Captured the GI Breeders’ Cup Mile with Singletary in 2004. 
Sold GI winner Egg Drop for $1,900,000 at 2014 Keeneland November sale. 
LRF Horses have finished in the money in 36 Stakes races including wins in the: Breeders’ Cup Mile (G1); Matriarch (G1); Shoemaker Mile (G1); Oak Tree Mile (G2); Arcadia Handicap (G2); Yellow Ribbon (G2); Goldikova (G2); La Jolla Handicap (G2); Honeymoon (G2); Senorita (G3); SF Breeders’ Cup Mile (G3); Irish O’Brien; Solana Beach; Thunder Road; Academy Road; Mademoiselle; Dream of Summer, and the Time to Leave Stakes. 


Offering Size: Minimum $100,000; Maximum $1,000,000
Manager: Little Red Feather Racing Management
Min Investment: $500
Subscriptions Closed: December 1, 2016
Fees: 10% initial raise; 10% gross purses or revenue received; 10% subsequent asset sales fee.
Term: Manager will wind-up and liquidate the Fund as soon as practical, but preferably by the end of 2017.
Targeted Return: $0 - $1,000
Reports Annual: K-1
Main Rules: Once an asset is sold or purse monies are earned, funds will be distributed to Fund partners and/or used to acquire additional horses. On or around December 1, 2017, Manager will determine which horses will be sold or kept in racing.






Are there any other management fees or additional compensation paid to the manager?
LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC will pay the manager LRF’s standard 10%/ 10%/ 10% fee:

10% of the initial raise
10% of all gross purses earned by the racehorses
10% “off the top” of the sale of any racehorse. 



How much does it cost the investor per month in expenses? 
Nothing. 
LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC will build in a suitable reserve for each racehorse to pay training and operational costs for a dedicated period.  In the event the racehorses do not earn enough to maintain future expenses, the manager has the authority to raise funds by issuing new shares (and diluting current members) to pay further expenses and operational costs. A typical horse costs $50,000 per year in expenses.



Can I make money?
Of course.  
Seriously? 
This is a high risk high reward investment. LRF sold a horse at auction for $1,900,000 that originally cost its partners $95,000.  LRF has also purchased a horse that unfortunately never ran.  With over 150 horses managed the only honest thing we can tell you is your investment will probably fall in between those two scenarios… and you may have the time of your life regardless of the ultimate financial result.

How does the Fund Earn Revenue? 
Two ways.  

Earning purse money by finishing in the top five of a race*; or 
Being sold (hopefully as a stallion or broodmare).  

All purses will be deposited into the Fund bank account and used to pay Fund expenses.
* The breakdown of a purse can be different for each race (and placing in the race). Typically, for a horse that wins a race, the owner will net 48% from the purse. For example, if your horse wins a $100,000 race, the net proceeds to the owner is $48,000.

What race tracks will you run at?
LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC horses will likely initially only race in California at Santa Anita Park or Del Mar. Notwithstanding, your horses may run in Kentucky, New York, Florida and other circuits.  



How often and what kind of information will I receive about my racehorse? 
As mentioned earlier, if you are kept in the dark about what is going on with your horse, how can you enjoy the journey? 
Communication is key to a successful ownership experience.
LRF Thoroughbred Club, LLC will email (as often as daily or weekly) pertinent information about the Fund horses and partnership.   The hallmark of LRF is its ability to communicate the events of each horse’s career with its partners.

What if my Horse Gets Hurt? 
Each horse will carry standard equine mortality insurance. Most, if not all, injuries in thoroughbred horse racing that occur do not result in death or cost the owner an amount over $5,000 in added veterinarian expenses. Career ending injuries do happen. However, in most instances the injury only prevents the horse from competing as a thoroughbred racehorse. Many horses go on to second careers as a broodmare or hunter/jumper etc. The manager has extensive experience trying to palce retired horses where they can maintain secondary careers. 

Will I Receive Financial Statements?  
Of course.  The Fund will provide regulatory accounting statements as well as informal income/expense reports showing detailed transactions the Fund.  
   















            Meet the Founder{{profileCtrl.founders.length === 1 ? '' : 's'}}
          








            {{profileCtrl.founders.length ? 'And the Rest of the Team' : 'Meet the Team'}}
          










Offering Summary

OUR SECURITIESOur authorized capital stock (ie “Units”) consists of 2,000 LLC Units.  The following is a summary of the rights of our capital Units as provided in our Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement which has been filed as exhibits to the offering statement of which this offering circular is a part.Minimum Offering: $100,000Minimum Purchase: One Unit of InterestOffering Price: $500 per UnitMaximum Offering: $1,000,000Sale Commission: 0%Proceeds to the Company:  up to $1,000,000 UNITSVoting Rights. The Unit holders aka Members shall not have the right individually to take part in the management or control of the business of the LLC, nor transact any business in the name of the LLC. All management and control of the business will be exercised through the LLC's manager.Distributions. Available Cash Flow of the LLC shall be distributed to the Members, as and when determined appropriate by the Manager, subject to certain priorities as described in the Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement.Liquidation Rights. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, Unit holders are entitled to share ratably in all of our assets remaining after payment of liabilities.MANAGEMENT The manager will manage and conduct the day-to-day affairs of the LLC and will have the ultimate authority affecting the interests of the LLC. The manager may be removed only by a Supermajority in the interest of the members (i.e. members holding more than 75% of the outstanding units). The Manager will be compensated as described in the Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement.Absence of Other Rights or Assessments. Unit holders have no preferential, preemptive, conversion or exchange rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable. When issued in accordance with the operating agreement and California state law, Units will be fully paid and liable to further calls or assessment by us. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if Cash Flow dictates the need for additional funding, the issuance of additional Units may occur, which will dilute each Members proportionate interest.RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERThe securities being offered may not be transferred or resold for one year by any purchaser of such securities; unless such securities are transferred:to the LLC;to an accredited investor;as part of an offering registered with the SEC; orto certain members of the family of the purchaser, to a trust controlled by the purchaser, to a trust created for the benefit of a member of the family of the purchaser or the equivalent, or in connection with the death or divorce of the purchaser. Practically, it may be difficult to resell or transfer units even after the one-year restricted period ends if there has been no active trading market developed. 

The Company will not incur any irregular use of proceeds.





            Balance Sheet
          





            Income Statements
          





            Statement Of Cash Flow
          





            Statement Of Equity Changes Past 2 Years
          





            Anticipated Business Plan
          





            Any Related Party Transaction
          





            Description Of Intended Use Of Proceeds
          





            Ownership And Capital Structure
          





            Material Terms Of Any Indebtedness
          





            Financial Condition
          





            Background Of Directors And Officers
          





            Independent Accountants Review
          





            Any Events Triggering Disqualification
          





            Footnotes
          





            Referenced Exhibits
          





            Annual Reporting
          





            Video Transcription
          





            Offering Circular
          





            Form C Filings
          





        Show More
      





Most recent fiscal year-end:
Prior fiscal year-end:






            Total Assets
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Cash And Cash Equivalents
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Accounts Receivable
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Short Term Debt
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Long Term Debt
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Revenues And Sales
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Costs Of Goods Sold
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Taxes Paid
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Net Income
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                







Risks

      A crowdfunding investment involves risk. You should not invest any funds in this offering unless you can afford to lose your entire investment. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the issuer and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. These securities have not been recommended or approved by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, these authorities have not passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission does not pass upon the merits of any securities offered or the terms of the offering, nor does it pass upon the accuracy or completeness of any offering document or literature. These securities are offered under an exemption from registration; however, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has not made an independent determination that these securities are exempt from registration.
    






      Updates
    



          Commencement Update
        

          7 months ago
        

Partners,We still have not received the official go ahead from Startengine. Being new to this ourselves we apologize for not being better at understanding the protocol to when escrow delivers the funds and names and emails to us.I am told there are no hiccups and it is just a matter of time for the proper papers to be filed.I am hopeful we will have everything by the end of 2016. Behind the scenes we are actively looking for our first horse. If anyone has any questions, please feel free to reach out to us.Gary Fenton gary@littleredfeather.comBilly Kochbilly@littleredfeather.com






          Closed!
        

          8 months ago
        

Partners:We are officially closed!  Thanks so much for your patience. When we get the partner list from Startengine we will send out an official welcome email to everyone.  And as soon as we receive funds from the escrow company (we're told within 10 business days) we will get going!  Very excited to get started.  We're already on the look out for our first horse.Gary Fenton






          Extending the Deadline to November 30, 2016
        

          10 months ago
        

LRF Thoroughbred Fund (“LRFT”) UpdateWe have two important announcements: Santa Anita Park has become a marketing partner of LRFT We are extending our offering deadline to November 30, 2016 (which requires the reconfirmation of each investment).With Santa Anita Park as a new marketing partner, we felt it was appropriate to give owners and new fans more time to invest in the exciting new equity crowdfunding venture with Little Red Feather. The partnership with Santa Anita will not only add to the perks for each level of investment, but it will also give LRFT investors more support on race day and throughout 2017.  Being an owner in the Sport of Kings is exciting and with Santa Anita’s excellent crew involved, our hope is that all investors will feel like real owners.What this means for our current investors:Because we are adding to our investor perks and extending our deadline we are filing an amendment of our offering terms with the SEC. This is what is known as a material change and by law requires each investor to reconfirm their investment within 5 days. If investors do not reconfirm before the deadline, their investment will be canceled and the withdrawn funds will be refunded.How to reconfirm your investment:Within the next 24 hours, each investor will receive an email from FundAmerica Securities with a secure link allowing investors to re-confirm their investment. If you have any questions about the process or any trouble reconfirming your investment, please reach out to contact@startengine.com or call 800-317-2200 between the hours of 9:00am - 5:00pm Monday through Friday PST. Best regards,Gary Fenton






          We Did it!  $100k Goal Reached
        

          11 months ago
        

Dear Crowdfunders,We reached our $100k goal! We have now officially equity crowdfunded the first racehorses in history.THANK YOU!So, what now?Per the SEC rules, I cannot email you directly - yet -until we officially close October 1, 2016.  On or around October 1st, we will send a more formal welcome email.  AND OFFICIALLY COMMENCE THE PARTNERSHIP AND START LOOKING FOR HORSES!Until then, sit tight. And tell your friends. The more we raise, the more horses we can buy.Thank you again for being part of this historic journey. Gary Fenton 









        Comments ({{profileCtrl.startup.comments_count}} total)
      

















        {{comment.user.first_name}} {{comment.user.last_name}}
      



LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC - {{comment.user.is_associated ? comment.user.associated_label : 'Issuer'}}
      


      {{comment.created_at_in_words}}
    


    {{comment.body}}
  





          {{reply.user.first_name}} {{reply.user.last_name}}
        



LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC - {{reply.user.is_associated ? (reply.user.associated_label) : 'Issuer'}}
        


        {{reply.created_at_in_words}}
      


      {{reply.body}}
    






      Reply
    

      Cancel
    





      Reply
    








You reported this comment as inappropriate.









          Show More Comments
        















          ©2017 All Rights Reserved
        





About


About


Blog


About Us


FAQ






Connect


Connect


Facebook


Twitter


Careers


LinkedIn


Instagram






Join


Join


Raise Capital


Become an Investor






Legal


Legal


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Section 17(b) Disclosure


Disclaimer








          ©2017 All Rights Reserved
        

 
 



Important Message

          www.StartEngine.com is a website owned by StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. and operated by StartEngine Crowdfunding and its wholly owned-subsidiary, StartEngine Capital, LLC. StartEngine Crowdfunding is a not a broker-dealer, funding portal or investment adviser. StartEngine Capital, LLC is a funding portal registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). By accessing this site and any pages on this site, you agree to be bound by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time without notice or liability.
        
Investment opportunities posted and accessible through the site are of three types


            1.Regulation A offerings (JOBS Act Title IV; known as Regulation A+), which are offered to non-accredited and accredited investors alike. No broker-dealer, funding portal or investment adviser is involved in these offerings. These offerings are made through StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. 2. Regulation D offerings (506(c)), which are offered only to accredited investors. No broker-dealer, funding portal, or investment adviser is involved in these offerings. These offerings are made through StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. 3. Regulation Crowdfunding offerings (JOBS Act Title III), which are offered to non-accredited and accredited investors alike. These offerings are made through StartEngine Capital, LLC. Some of these offerings are open to the general public, however there are important differences and risks. You can learn more in our Learn section.
          

Canadian Investors

          Investment opportunities posted and accessible through the site will be offered to Canadian resident investors in accordance with prospectus exemptions under Canadian securities laws, including, but not limited to, the “Accredited Investor” and “Offering Memorandum” exemptions under National Instrument 45-106 promulgated by the Canadian Securities Administrators.
        
---

          Potential investors are strongly advised to consult their legal, tax and financial advisors before investing. The securities offered on this site are not offered in jurisdictions where public solicitation of offerings are permitted; it is solely your responsibility to comply with the laws and regulations of your country of residence.
        



 
































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












    LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC: For the first time in thoroughbred racing history, the Little Red Feather Racing Club will create a Racing Partnership through crowdfunding equity under the new Title III laws. – iCrowdNewswire                   Press Release Distribution Newswire Tips for Effective CommunicationsSIGN INProducts & PricingAboutTeamNewsBlogContact Distribute a Press Release from $29.99 Post Marketing Content - $19.99 Distribution Network Submit a Press Release Search News Room:  HomeWire   xRSS Newsfeeds See all RSS Newsfeeds Global Regions United States ( XML Feed )Aug 12, 2016 8:05 AM ET  Archived: LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC: For the first time in thoroughbred racing history, the Little Red Feather Racing Club will create a Racing Partnership through crowdfunding equity under the new Title III laws.  iCrowdNewswire - Aug 12, 2016 LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLCLRF Thoroughbred Fund (“Company”) provides the opportunity to own a thoroughbred racehorse inside a partnership managed by Little Red Feather Racing.Small RaiseWoodland Hills, CASports      For the first time in thoroughbred racing history, the Little Red Feather Racing Club will create a Racing Partnership through crowdfunding equity under the new Title III laws. The LRF Thoroughbred Fund (“Fund”) provides the opportunity for anyone to pursue racehorse ownership! The Fund will be managed by one of America’s largest thoroughbred racing clubs – Little Red Feather Racing (“LRF”). LRF burst onto the national scene in 2004 when its horse Singletary captured the $1,500,000 Breeders’ Cup Mile. In 15 years, LRF horses have won 192 races from 1,063 starts (18%) and grossed $10,735,470 in purses (through June 30, 2016).Recently, LRF has enjoyed the best 18 months in its history with 43 wins from 192 starts and over $3,000,000 in gross purses. LRF currently manages stakes winners Midnight Storm, Chati’s on Top, Bellamentary, Sheer Pleasure, and Midnight Miley.        To crowdfund the first ever thoroughbred racing partnership where the participant receives real equity in each racehorse.     LRF will manage the Fund and use the final raise to buy up to six (6) thoroughbred racehorses with the intent of racing at Santa Anita Park and Del Mar. Each investor will own a pro-rata percentage of the Fund.  Here’s an Example:If the Fund raises $100,000:LRF will use the proceeds to purchase up to three racehorses (and more if the final raise is higher).  LRF will also set aside a suitable reserve to pay expenses and operational costs. LRF will purchase the racehorses through traditional industry means. For example, the horses will be purchased:At public auctionVia a claiming race; or Through a private purchase.With 15 years experience, LRF has the industry networking ability to purchase almost any racehorse that is for sale. Once purchased, the horses will be trained by one of LRF’s trainers and prepare for its first race for the Fund. Investors will be kept intimately abreast of the racing careers of the Fund horses. The hallmark of LRF is its ability to communicate the horse’s journey with its investors. This “inside the locker room” communication provides a wealth of knowledge to both people new to ownership and those that have owned before.LRF will also provide an accounting summary of all activity and, if applicable, make a distribution of available proceeds to the investors.The Fund initially plans to dissolve by December 31, 2017.  However, if the Fund is financially viable, LRF, at its election, may continue the fund into 2018 and beyond.     Owning a thoroughbred in the “Sport of Kings” is like an admission to an exclusive club. Besides the pro-rata equity in the Fund, investors will also receive the following perks:           The gross proceeds of the Offering to the Company will be $100,000 if the Minimum Offering Amount is raised and $1,000,000 is the Maximum Offering Amount is raised. The net proceeds of the Offering, after deduction of expenses of the Offering, including but not limited to the intermediary’s fees, escrow fees, legal fees, accounting fees and management fees will be used by the Company as working capital to purchase, and maintain thoroughbred racehorses for racing at Santa Anita Park, Del Mar and other top racetracks.  The following table lists the estimated use of proceeds of the Offering if the Minimum Offering Amount and the Maximum Offering Amount are raised.    The estimated use of proceeds set forth below illustrate the present expectation of the Company. LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC will have discretion to alter the use of proceeds as set forth below as Company determines how to best accomplish its objectives.                           Established in 2002. California’s largest Racing Club, with over 300 active partners. Over 50% of LRF syndicates are made up of previous partners. Captured the GI Breeders’ Cup Mile with Singletary in 2004. Sold GI winner Egg Drop for $1,900,000 at 2014 Keeneland November sale. LRF Horses have finished in the money in 36 Stakes races including wins in the: Breeders’ Cup Mile (G1); Matriarch (G1); Shoemaker Mile (G1); Oak Tree Mile (G2); Arcadia Handicap (G2); Yellow Ribbon (G2); Goldikova (G2); La Jolla Handicap (G2); Honeymoon (G2); Senorita (G3); SF Breeders’ Cup Mile (G3); Irish O’Brien; Solana Beach; Thunder Road; Academy Road; Mademoiselle; Dream of Summer, and the Time to Leave Stakes.   Offering Size: Minimum $100,000; Maximum $1,000,000Manager: Little Red Feather Racing ManagementMin Investment: $500Subscriptions Closed: September 15, 2016Fees: 10% initial raise; 10% gross purses or revenue received; 10% subsequent asset sales fee.Term: Manager will wind-up and liquidate the Fund as soon as practical, but preferably by the end of 2017.Targeted Return: $0 – $1,000Reports Annual: K-1Main Rules: Once an asset is sold or purse monies are earned, funds will be distributed to Fund partners and/or used to acquire additional horses. On or around December 1, 2017, Manager will determine which horses will be sold or kept in racing.         Are there any other management fees or additional compensation paid to the manager?LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC will pay the manager LRF’s standard 10%/ 10%/ 10% fee:10% of the initial raise10% of all gross purses earned by the racehorses10% “off the top” of the sale of any racehorse.    How much does it cost the investor per month in expenses? Nothing. LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC will build in a suitable reserve for each racehorse to pay training and operational costs for a dedicated period.  In the event the racehorses do not earn enough to maintain future expenses, the manager has the authority to raise funds by issuing new shares (and diluting current members) to pay further expenses and operational costs. A typical horse costs $50,000 per year in expenses.    Can I make money?Of course.  Seriously? This is a high risk high reward investment. LRF sold a horse at auction for $1,900,000 that originally cost its partners $95,000.  LRF has also purchased a horse that unfortunately never ran.  With over 150 horses managed the only honest thing we can tell you is your investment will probably fall in between those two scenarios… and you may have the time of your life regardless of the ultimate financial result. How does the Fund Earn Revenue? Two ways.  Earning purse money by finishing in the top five of a race*; or Being sold (hopefully as a stallion or broodmare).  All purses will be deposited into the Fund bank account and used to pay Fund expenses.* The breakdown of a purse can be different for each race (and placing in the race). Typically, for a horse that wins a race, the owner will net 48% from the purse. For example, if your horse wins a $100,000 race, the net proceeds to the owner is $48,000. What race tracks will you run at?LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC horses will likely initially only race in California at Santa Anita Park or Del Mar. Notwithstanding, your horses may run in Kentucky, New York, Florida and other circuits.      How often and what kind of information will I receive about my racehorse? As mentioned earlier, if you are kept in the dark about what is going on with your horse, how can you enjoy the journey? Communication is key to a successful ownership experience.LRF Thoroughbred Club, LLC will email (as often as daily or weekly) pertinent information about the Fund horses and partnership.   The hallmark of LRF is its ability to communicate the events of each horse’s career with its partners. What if my Horse Gets Hurt? Each horse will carry standard equine mortality insurance. Most, if not all, injuries in thoroughbred horse racing that occur do not result in death or cost the owner an amount over $5,000 in added veterinarian expenses. Career ending injuries do happen. However, in most instances the injury only prevents the horse from competing as a thoroughbred racehorse. Many horses go on to second careers as a broodmare or hunter/jumper etc. The manager has extensive experience trying to palce retired horses where they can maintain secondary careers.  Will I Receive Financial Statements?  Of course.  The Fund will provide regulatory accounting statements as well as informal income/expense reports showing detailed transactions the Fund.        TEAMWilliam KochFOUNDER, MANAGING PARTNER, LITTLE RED FEATHER RACING CLUB 20%+ Partner Gary FentonFOUNDER, MANAGING PARTNER 20%+ Partner   Contact Information:LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC Via  Click here for more information Tags: startengine, Wire, Crowdfunding, Equity Crowdfunding, United States, English View Related News > Sales Partner NetworkDisclosure Newswire TMSecurex FilingsP3 Data SystemsQuickSilver Stock TransferEDGAR FILING LLCCrowdfundingSeedUps CanadaFundPaasCadia Startup ExchangeSpringboard EquityAutoPilot PRCivil Society Newswire TMInter Press Service (IPS)IMPACT Leadership 21PVBLIC FoundationGate Global ImpactPress Release NewswireAndeanWireHispanicize WireM2 Press WIREDino (Brazil)NetNotasComunicae (Spain & Mexico)MediaBNamericas WIREThe Soho LoftPRmax (UK)HPC Legal WIREiCrowdPRConferences & EventsPubconIndustry ExchangeCrowdsourcing WeekLendIt Become an iCrowdNewswire Partner                          






Lrf Thoroughbred Fund LLC in Woodland Hills CA - Company Profile

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

California



                
                >
                

Woodland Hills







 Lrf Thoroughbred Fund LLC
                        

Active

                                
                                    Woodland Hills,
                                    CA
                                
                        












Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Lrf Thoroughbred Fund LLC Overview
  Lrf Thoroughbred Fund LLC filed as a Domestic in the State of California on Friday, June 24, 2016 and is approximately one year old, according to public records filed with California Secretary of State.   




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Lrf Thoroughbred Fund LLC
    




                        Network Visualizer
                    























Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Key People 
Who owns Lrf Thoroughbred Fund LLC








Name







                            Gary Fenton
                                
                                    71
                                





                                        Member
                                    





















 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for Lrf Thoroughbred Fund LLC










5950 Canoga Ave
Woodland Hills, CA 91367










Corporate Filings for Lrf Thoroughbred Fund LLC








California Secretary of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Domestic                                



                                    Status:
                                

Active




                                    State:
                                

                                    California
                                



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    201618010166
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Friday, June 24, 2016
                                    









Advertisements










Source







California Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Saturday, July 1, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Lrf Thoroughbred Fund LLC.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Lrf Thoroughbred Fund LLC and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















1
                    Known Addresses
                




                                5950 Canoga Ave  Woodland Hills, CA 91367

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with Lrf Thoroughbred Fund LLC however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




1
                    Corporate Records

                



                                CA

2016
Domestic
                            





                Source
            





                        California Secretary of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,579 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,725 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,178 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,448 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,349 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,734 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,180 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,579 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,061 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,846 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,725 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,860 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,967 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,530 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,174 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,579 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,348 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,914 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,343 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,780 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,853 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,479 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,610 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,570 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,829 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,576 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,392 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,531 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,310 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,012 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,083 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,212 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,252 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,668 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        598,000 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,326 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,012 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,149 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,719 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,367 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,905 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,356 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,448 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,357 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,729 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,590 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,495 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,777 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,349 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,232 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,847 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,178 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,697 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,910 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,495 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,493 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,073 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,320 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,974 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















California Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































California Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Silverback 5150 Pictures, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Allen Hughes










Entit Software LLC

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeremy K. Cox
Christopher Hsu
Remi Thomas










Dura Logistics, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Chino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Eric James Price
Varoujean Salatian










Big Bay City, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kaley Cuoco Living Trust










Honey and Lace, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beaumont, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Gail Ingram
Dianne Ingram










Sturmer Pippin Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redding, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
H36 Sturmer Pippin Holding Company, LLC










DAR Waterfront & Associates, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sherman Oaks, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daniel A. Rivero










H&S Energy, LLC

                                                
                                                    Orange, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hassan & Sons, Inc.










Unification Technology, LLC

                                                
                                                    Fremont, CA
                                                
                                        










Cleotech Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Altos, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Isabel Ge Mahe










Campion Maverick Inc.

                                                
                                                    La Jolla, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anjum Mahmood
Mukesh Assomull
Priya Assomull










Dissonance, Inc

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Trent Reznor










Wg+R Law Group, PC

                                                
                                                    Alameda, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
D'Anne L. Gleicher
Danne Gleidier










Kai Os Technologies Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daisy Tuen Yi Chan










Hassan & Sons, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Cypress, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Salaheddin Fawzi Hassan
O. Nesheiwat
Brentina Lisa










Mirando Productions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Gatos, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Netflix Studios, Inc.
Netflix Studios, LLC










Off Price Apparel, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Monica, CA
                                                
                                        










Afinarte Music, LLC

                                                
                                                    Ontario, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jorge Gaxiola
Luis M. Magallon










Not Too Big to Fall Association, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nigel Johnson










Sonder Restaurant Bakersfield, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Bakersfield, CA
                                                
                                        










Regalian, LLC

                                                
                                                    Glendale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Justin L M Leong










Duke Partners II, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redondo Beach, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wedgewood LLC
Gregory L. Geiser
David R. Wehrly










Raterlabs, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Pleasanton, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daren Russell Jackson
Monique Jackson










Xcl Titling Trust

                                                
                                                    San Francisco, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wilmington Trust National Association
Xchange Leasing, LLC










Progenitech, LLC

                                                
                                                    Azusa, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Renee Ying
Jeffrey Ying
Renee Chen










Sisyphus Touring, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Dome Garage, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nationwide Theatres Corp.










Breckenridge Property Fund 2016, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redondo Beach, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David R. Wehrly
Gregory L. Geiser
Wedgewood LLC










Imperishable Crown LLC

                                                
                                                    Fresno, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gianeh Arakelyan
Matthew Allen Garabedian










Necronomicom, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Adventures In Wonderland, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Dli Properties LLC

                                                
                                                    Agoura Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Strategic Acquisitions










M&A Instruments Inc

                                                
                                                    Arcadia, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Qiang Zhang










Tectus Systems Corporation

                                                
                                                    Saratoga, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Drew Perkins










Treyball Development, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Harry Smith










Tiger Financial Holdings LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Aysen Ozkan
Brian Ozkan Trust 2/12/
Brian Ozkan Trust Dated 2 12 07










Psiquantum, Corp.

                                                
                                                    Palo Alto, CA
                                                
                                        










Netflix Studios, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Gatos, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Netflix Holdings, LLC










Bender Entertainment Group, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Bakersfield, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bob Earl Bender










Gep Talent Services, LLC

                                                
                                                    Burbank, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gep Atl LLC










Clear Recon Corp

                                                
                                                    San Diego, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Steven W. Pite
David S. Dallal
Arianna L. Black










Modgene Pharma LLC

                                                
                                                    Cardiff, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
J. Gregor Sutcliffe
Brian Hilbush










Kianor Shah DMD, PC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kianor Shahmohammadi










Defcon-1 of Temecula, Lp

                                                
                                                    Temecula, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jacob Goodell
Alan McEwan










Cloudchip, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Cupertino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David D. Tsang
Jun Li










Assembled Productions III LLC

                                                
                                                    Burbank, CA
                                                
                                        










Gemstra Inc

                                                
                                                    Brea, CA
                                                
                                        










Three Sons & A Dog, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Granada Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Fordall Cole
Ford V. Cole










Nivano Physicians, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Grass Valley, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Venu M. Kondle
Robert E. Michelin
Thomas W. Luisetti










West Brands, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kanye West
Charlie Wilhoit
Charles Willhoit



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Lightning Credit Solutions LLC
19 days ago


Los Angeles




Brainesis Inc
19 days ago


San Gabriel




Field/Paoli Architects, Inc.
19 days ago


San Francisco




Asm Equities, Inc.
19 days ago


Los Angeles




I’'ll Just Open A Shop Inc
19 days ago


Alhambra




Adamas Pharma, LLC
19 days ago


Emeryville




Ring Protect Inc.
19 days ago


Santa Monica




Coresystems USA Inc.
20 days ago


San Francisco




Reason 4 Sports LLC
20 days ago


Encino




Pevii Plano Block A, LLC
20 days ago


Los Angeles




Vicura Dfw, LLC
20 days ago


Corona del Mar




Windsor 5250 Spe, LLC
20 days ago


Newport Beach




Cwsfg 17 Galleria 5250, LLC
20 days ago


Newport Beach




Teledyne E2V, Inc.
20 days ago


Milpitas




Cws Galleria 5250, L.P.
20 days ago


Newport Beach




Regents 5250 Spe, LLC
20 days ago


Newport Beach




Msl Sacto, LLC
20 days ago


Costa Mesa




Smith Legacy, LLC
20 days ago


Encino




Wip - Arbor Vista 2, LLC
20 days ago


San Francisco




Hill Country Elephant Preserve
20 days ago


Perris




Gokairav Tx LLC
20 days ago


Tustin




Eternity Bay Group LLC
21 days ago


Danville




2020 Beast Holdings, LLC
21 days ago


City of Industry




Miami Color Creations LLC
21 days ago


Encino




Beakerbox, LLC
21 days ago


Los Angeles




Moonlights LLC
22 days ago


Reseda




Squire Financial Services LLC
22 days ago


La Quinta




Pelican Ranch LLC
22 days ago


Valley Village




Metalk and His Friends Technology, LLC
22 days ago


San Jose




Tech Financial, LLC
22 days ago


Beverly Hills




Unvig, LLC
22 days ago


Los Angeles




Carlmont Hills, LLC
22 days ago


Los Altos Hills




A Better Community LLC
22 days ago


Bakersfield




Golestan Properties, LLC
22 days ago


Los Gatos




Financial Reporting Specialists LLC
22 days ago


Glendale




J & R Restaurants, LLC
22 days ago


Bassett




Alt Services LLC
22 days ago


Pioneer




Nabuk Services, LLC
22 days ago


Bakersfield




Los Angeles Basketball Academy LLC
22 days ago


Los Angeles




Golden Fabricates LLC.
22 days ago


Turlock




Memo's Tires & Auto Repair, LLC
22 days ago


Kerman




Hello June Films LLC
22 days ago


North Hollywood




O'Dell Farms, LLC
22 days ago


Cardiff




Plebs and Largess LLC
22 days ago


Pacific Palisades




Dillon J Shook, LLC
22 days ago


Encino




Terra Luna Farms, LLC
22 days ago


Rohnert Park




Atlas Behavior Services LLC
22 days ago


Sherman Oaks




So On Music LLC
22 days ago


Los Angeles




Citygirlgonemom, LLC
22 days ago


Carlsbad




Cape Nano Products LLC
22 days ago


San Diego









Top cities in California





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                799,067
            



                2
            


                    San Diego
                


                349,385
            



                3
            


                    San Francisco
                


                318,067
            



                4
            


                    San Jose
                


                179,352
            



                5
            


                    Sacramento
                


                146,372
            



                6
            


                    Irvine
                


                137,616
            



                7
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                115,428
            



                8
            


                    Newport Beach
                


                93,146
            



                9
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                89,770
            



                10
            


                    Oakland
                


                89,047
            



                11
            


                    Long Beach
                


                88,013
            



                12
            


                    Fresno
                


                80,971
            



                13
            


                    Santa Ana
                


                76,441
            



                14
            


                    Anaheim
                


                75,623
            



                15
            


                    Glendale
                


                73,389
            



                16
            


                    Bakersfield
                


                67,524
            



                17
            


                    Pasadena
                


                64,698
            



                18
            


                    Riverside
                


                63,638
            



                19
            


                    Torrance
                


                59,866
            



                20
            


                    Huntington Beach
                


                58,605
            



                21
            


                    Encino
                


                53,896
            



                22
            


                    Woodland Hills
                


                53,518
            



                23
            


                    Santa Barbara
                


                51,953
            



                24
            


                    Costa Mesa
                


                51,517
            



                25
            


                    Orange
                


                50,335
            



                26
            


                    Sherman Oaks
                


                50,045
            



                27
            


                    Burbank
                


                48,406
            



                28
            


                    Palo Alto
                


                48,091
            



                29
            


                    Fremont
                


                48,000
            



                30
            


                    Carlsbad
                


                47,048
            



                31
            


                    Van Nuys
                


                46,072
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                42,617
            



                33
            


                    Santa Rosa
                


                42,557
            



                34
            


                    North Hollywood
                


                41,253
            



                35
            


                    San Mateo
                


                41,067
            



                36
            


                    Stockton
                


                39,492
            



                37
            


                    Santa Clara
                


                38,274
            



                38
            


                    Rancho Cucamonga
                


                36,698
            



                39
            


                    Walnut Creek
                


                35,790
            



                40
            


                    Chula Vista
                


                34,464
            



                41
            


                    La Jolla
                


                34,000
            



                42
            


                    Sunnyvale
                


                33,792
            



                43
            


                    Fullerton
                


                33,733
            



                44
            


                    Escondido
                


                33,649
            



                45
            


                    Garden Grove
                


                33,250
            



                46
            


                    Modesto
                


                33,096
            



                47
            


                    Berkeley
                


                32,758
            



                48
            


                    West Hollywood
                


                32,385
            



                49
            


                    Temecula
                


                32,003
            



                50
            


                    Tustin
                


                31,029
            



                51
            


                    Roseville
                


                30,902
            



                52
            


                    Ontario
                


                30,551
            



                53
            


                    El Cajon
                


                30,360
            



                54
            


                    Redwood City
                


                29,912
            



                55
            


                    Hayward
                


                29,823
            



                56
            


                    Arcadia
                


                29,379
            



                57
            


                    Thousand Oaks
                


                29,135
            



                58
            


                    Oceanside
                


                29,089
            



                59
            


                    Ventura
                


                29,076
            



                60
            


                    Alhambra
                


                29,007
            



                61
            


                    San Rafael
                


                28,826
            



                62
            


                    Mission Viejo
                


                28,037
            



                63
            


                    San Bernardino
                


                27,266
            



                64
            


                    Culver City
                


                26,766
            



                65
            


                    Redondo Beach
                


                26,495
            



                66
            


                    Gardena
                


                26,194
            



                67
            


                    Mountain View
                


                26,120
            



                68
            


                    Simi Valley
                


                25,653
            



                69
            


                    Calabasas
                


                25,004
            



                70
            


                    Whittier
                


                24,942
            



                71
            


                    Concord
                


                24,930
            



                72
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                24,750
            



                73
            


                    San Clemente
                


                24,265
            



                74
            


                    Encinitas
                


                24,215
            



                75
            


                    Menlo Park
                


                24,054
            



                76
            


                    Murrieta
                


                23,875
            



                77
            


                    Northridge
                


                23,777
            



                78
            


                    Oxnard
                


                23,294
            



                79
            


                    Inglewood
                


                23,085
            



                80
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                23,012
            



                81
            


                    Laguna Niguel
                


                22,753
            



                82
            


                    Redding
                


                22,679
            



                83
            


                    Fontana
                


                22,678
            



                84
            


                    Vista
                


                22,678
            



                85
            


                    Monterey Park
                


                22,674
            



                86
            


                    Studio City
                


                22,417
            



                87
            


                    Marina Del Rey
                


                22,316
            



                88
            


                    Palm Desert
                


                22,140
            



                89
            


                    Napa
                


                22,104
            



                90
            


                    Santa Cruz
                


                21,987
            



                91
            


                    Burlingame
                


                21,744
            



                92
            


                    San Ramon
                


                21,744
            



                93
            


                    Walnut
                


                21,646
            



                94
            


                    Tarzana
                


                21,532
            



                95
            


                    Valencia
                


                21,496
            



                96
            


                    San Gabriel
                


                21,443
            



                97
            


                    Los Gatos
                


                21,370
            



                98
            


                    Upland
                


                21,308
            



                99
            


                    Salinas
                


                21,077
            



                100
            


                    Downey
                


                20,976
            



                101
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                20,812
            



                102
            


                    San Marcos
                


                20,479
            



                103
            


                    Manhattan Beach
                


                20,454
            



                104
            


                    Rowland Heights
                


                20,228
            



                105
            


                    Lancaster
                


                20,170
            



                106
            


                    Camarillo
                


                20,077
            



                107
            


                    Chatsworth
                


                20,045
            



                108
            


                    Laguna Hills
                


                19,889
            



                109
            


                    West Covina
                


                19,518
            



                110
            


                    Westminster
                


                19,387
            



                111
            


                    Lake Forest
                


                19,230
            



                112
            


                    Pomona
                


                19,226
            



                113
            


                    Cupertino
                


                19,151
            



                114
            


                    Visalia
                


                19,151
            



                115
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                19,127
            



                116
            


                    Chino
                


                19,120
            



                117
            


                    La Mesa
                


                19,111
            



                118
            


                    Danville
                


                19,049
            



                119
            


                    Canoga Park
                


                18,952
            



                120
            


                    Los Altos
                


                18,895
            



                121
            


                    Fountain Valley
                


                18,721
            



                122
            


                    Cerritos
                


                18,507
            



                123
            


                    Yorba Linda
                


                18,303
            



                124
            


                    Chico
                


                18,269
            



                125
            


                    Campbell
                


                18,188
            



                126
            


                    San Leandro
                


                18,103
            



                127
            


                    San Luis Obispo
                


                17,902
            



                128
            


                    El Monte
                


                17,776
            



                129
            


                    Diamond Bar
                


                17,721
            



                130
            


                    Palmdale
                


                17,572
            



                131
            


                    Laguna Beach
                


                17,372
            



                132
            


                    Brea
                


                16,964
            



                133
            


                    Moreno Valley
                


                16,908
            



                134
            


                    Venice
                


                16,878
            



                135
            


                    Milpitas
                


                16,869
            



                136
            


                    El Segundo
                


                16,820
            



                137
            


                    Carson
                


                16,609
            



                138
            


                    Aliso Viejo
                


                16,433
            



                139
            


                    Buena Park
                


                16,365
            



                140
            


                    Agoura Hills
                


                16,341
            



                141
            


                    Novato
                


                16,215
            



                142
            


                    Covina
                


                16,187
            



                143
            


                    Clovis
                


                16,129
            



                144
            


                    Livermore
                


                16,098
            



                145
            


                    Petaluma
                


                16,043
            



                146
            


                    Redlands
                


                16,040
            



                147
            


                    Folsom
                


                15,585
            



                148
            


                    Santa Maria
                


                15,556
            



                149
            


                    South San Francisco
                


                15,154
            



                150
            


                    Alameda
                


                15,108
            



                151
            


                    Malibu
                


                15,091
            



                152
            


                    Santa Fe Springs
                


                15,041
            



                153
            


                    Rancho Cordova
                


                15,000
            



                154
            


                    Citrus Heights
                


                14,830
            



                155
            


                    Chino Hills
                


                14,781
            



                156
            


                    Compton
                


                14,606
            



                157
            


                    Mill Valley
                


                14,602
            



                158
            


                    Hacienda Heights
                


                14,555
            



                159
            


                    Fairfield
                


                14,554
            



                160
            


                    San Juan Capistrano
                


                14,549
            



                161
            


                    Victorville
                


                14,464
            



                162
            


                    Vallejo
                


                14,397
            



                163
            


                    La Puente
                


                14,385
            



                164
            


                    Santa Clarita
                


                14,035
            



                165
            


                    Rosemead
                


                13,979
            



                166
            


                    Poway
                


                13,905
            



                167
            


                    Monterey
                


                13,725
            



                168
            


                    Pacific Palisades
                


                13,441
            



                169
            


                    Granada Hills
                


                13,276
            



                170
            


                    South El Monte
                


                13,167
            



                171
            


                    San Pedro
                


                13,145
            



                172
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                12,967
            



                173
            


                    Rocklin
                


                12,960
            



                174
            


                    Tracy
                


                12,667
            



                175
            


                    Reseda
                


                12,635
            



                176
            


                    Auburn
                


                12,633
            



                177
            


                    Hemet
                


                12,430
            



                178
            


                    Dana Point
                


                12,358
            



                179
            


                    La Habra
                


                12,202
            



                180
            


                    Vacaville
                


                12,186
            



                181
            


                    Richmond
                


                12,161
            



                182
            


                    Lafayette
                


                12,083
            



                183
            


                    Saratoga
                


                11,971
            



                184
            


                    Daly City
                


                11,801
            



                185
            


                    Del Mar
                


                11,698
            



                186
            


                    Glendora
                


                11,657
            



                187
            


                    Antioch
                


                11,640
            



                188
            


                    Solana Beach
                


                11,488
            



                189
            


                    San Carlos
                


                11,449
            



                190
            


                    Yuba City
                


                11,371
            



                191
            


                    City of Industry
                


                11,265
            



                192
            


                    Lodi
                


                11,253
            



                193
            


                    Rancho Palos Verdes
                


                11,217
            



                194
            


                    Carmichael
                


                11,207
            



                195
            


                    Placentia
                


                11,183
            



                196
            


                    Palos Verdes Peninsula
                


                11,089
            



                197
            


                    Dublin
                


                11,072
            



                198
            


                    Lakewood
                


                11,011
            



                199
            


                    Norwalk
                


                11,009
            



                200
            


                    Hesperia
                


                10,975
            



                201
            


                    Fallbrook
                


                10,864
            



                202
            


                    San Dimas
                


                10,716
            



                203
            


                    Bellflower
                


                10,697
            



                204
            


                    Cypress
                


                10,635
            



                205
            


                    Morgan Hill
                


                10,621
            



                206
            


                    Fair Oaks
                


                10,559
            



                207
            


                    Monrovia
                


                10,545
            



                208
            


                    Montebello
                


                10,527
            



                209
            


                    Grass Valley
                


                10,502
            



                210
            


                    Sylmar
                


                10,495
            



                211
            


                    El Dorado Hills
                


                10,428
            



                212
            


                    Davis
                


                10,405
            



                213
            


                    Rancho Santa Margarita
                


                10,366
            



                214
            


                    Newbury Park
                


                10,343
            



                215
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                10,266
            



                216
            


                    Valley Village
                


                10,265
            



                217
            


                    La Mirada
                


                10,241
            



                218
            


                    Paso Robles
                


                10,221
            



                219
            


                    Apple Valley
                


                10,173
            



                220
            


                    Indio
                


                10,157
            



                221
            


                    Canyon Country
                


                10,155
            



                222
            


                    Hermosa Beach
                


                10,115
            



                223
            


                    Union City
                


                10,110
            



                224
            


                    Baldwin Park
                


                10,047
            



                225
            


                    Emeryville
                


                9,905
            



                226
            


                    South Pasadena
                


                9,820
            



                227
            


                    Sausalito
                


                9,766
            



                228
            


                    Temple City
                


                9,659
            



                229
            


                    Lake Elsinore
                


                9,527
            



                230
            


                    Castro Valley
                


                9,440
            



                231
            


                    Rancho Santa Fe
                


                9,412
            



                232
            


                    Turlock
                


                9,336
            



                233
            


                    Sonoma
                


                9,281
            



                234
            


                    Los Alamitos
                


                9,146
            



                235
            


                    Merced
                


                9,030
            



                236
            


                    La Quinta
                


                9,024
            



                237
            


                    Watsonville
                


                9,014
            



                238
            


                    Claremont
                


                8,997
            



                239
            


                    West Hills
                


                8,995
            



                240
            


                    Gilroy
                


                8,993
            



                241
            


                    Corona Del Mar
                


                8,913
            



                242
            


                    Santee
                


                8,887
            



                243
            


                    Rialto
                


                8,828
            



                244
            


                    Pleasant Hill
                


                8,778
            



                245
            


                    Brentwood
                


                8,665
            



                246
            


                    National City
                


                8,538
            



                247
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                8,508
            



                248
            


                    San Marino
                


                8,450
            



                249
            


                    Granite Bay
                


                8,415
            



                250
            


                    Rancho Mirage
                


                8,310
            



                251
            


                    Martinez
                


                8,290
            



                252
            


                    Madera
                


                8,243
            



                253
            


                    Paramount
                


                8,214
            



                254
            


                    Sebastopol
                


                8,185
            



                255
            


                    Belmont
                


                8,169
            



                256
            


                    South Gate
                


                8,116
            



                257
            


                    Manteca
                


                8,112
            



                258
            


                    Newark
                


                8,087
            



                259
            


                    Perris
                


                8,064
            



                260
            


                    La Crescenta
                


                7,984
            



                261
            


                    Eureka
                


                7,941
            



                262
            


                    West Sacramento
                


                7,854
            



                263
            


                    San Bruno
                


                7,788
            



                264
            


                    Woodland
                


                7,730
            



                265
            


                    Seal Beach
                


                7,695
            



                266
            


                    Goleta
                


                7,562
            



                267
            


                    Altadena
                


                7,522
            



                268
            


                    Placerville
                


                7,494
            



                269
            


                    Cathedral City
                


                7,479
            



                270
            


                    Moorpark
                


                7,420
            



                271
            


                    Huntington Park
                


                7,374
            



                272
            


                    Newhall
                


                7,302
            



                273
            


                    Coronado
                


                7,293
            



                274
            


                    North Hills
                


                7,148
            



                275
            


                    Orinda
                


                7,118
            



                276
            


                    Ramona
                


                6,989
            



                277
            


                    Aptos
                


                6,986
            



                278
            


                    Porter Ranch
                


                6,968
            



                279
            


                    Trabuco Canyon
                


                6,830
            



                280
            


                    La Verne
                


                6,796
            



                281
            


                    Panorama City
                


                6,776
            



                282
            


                    Pittsburg
                


                6,760
            



                283
            


                    Arroyo Grande
                


                6,748
            



                284
            


                    Yucaipa
                


                6,735
            



                285
            


                    Colton
                


                6,683
            



                286
            


                    Azusa
                


                6,624
            



                287
            


                    Carmel
                


                6,588
            



                288
            


                    Pico Rivera
                


                6,586
            



                289
            


                    Lincoln
                


                6,556
            



                290
            


                    Pacoima
                


                6,513
            



                291
            


                    Truckee
                


                6,483
            



                292
            


                    Benicia
                


                6,453
            



                293
            


                    South Lake Tahoe
                


                6,422
            



                294
            


                    Hanford
                


                6,380
            



                295
            


                    Atascadero
                


                6,336
            



                296
            


                    Lakeside
                


                6,291
            



                297
            


                    Norco
                


                6,221
            



                298
            


                    Montclair
                


                6,217
            



                299
            


                    Winnetka
                


                6,206
            



                300
            


                    Alamo
                


                6,202
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Woodland Hills, California Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Woodland Hills, CA Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

California








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















King Kylie, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kylie Jenner










Imaco Investments, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bhupinder Singh Mac










First Republic Service Corporation

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Vahe Aftandilian










Energon Corp.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Brandon Carl Pattillo










Shemor Holdings Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gideon Ashoori










Las Jaras Wines, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Eric A. Wareheim
Joel Burt
Eric Warheim










Kimsaprincess Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kimberly Kardashian West
Kimberly Kardashian










Data Direct Systems, Inc

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Frank Vidak










Legacy Homevestments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jonathan Legacy Perez
Patricia Kaniowski










Lgi Association, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Saeid Karandish










Mnm Products, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jason Miller










Sperling Economic Strategies, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Eugene Sperling










Fun Size Productions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Paula Abdul










Pantea Produce, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Iradj Shadfar










Maldin LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rande Gerber










Wilshire Pacific Holdings, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bruce Abrams










Glc Operations, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Patrick Nazemi
Michael Sanders










Swat Technology, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Felix Idiga
Chinyere Idiga










Evenza Entertainment, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        










Yeezy LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kanye West
Mascotte Holdings, Inc.










Keeza Songs, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Will Rappaport










Rothfeller Enterprises LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nima Hakimi










Barrocca, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeffrey S. Helfer
Anthony Alaimo










Nmc Anaheim, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Newmark Merrill Companies










Miko Lee Productions LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Connie Tchang
David Leeds










Kylie Jenner, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kylie Jenner
Kris Jenner










Advocacy Answers, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Talee Sands










Empire Wholesale Jewelry, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rami Varsha










Laf Enterprises, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lesley Fauntleroy










Tower Lane Productions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Khloe Kardashian
Jenner Communications Inc.
Kloe Kardashian










Gallagher's Catering, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Laurita Vidaure-Gallagher










Metropolis Realty Group, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gabriel A. Albarian
Harry S. Kaloustian










Pacific Lodge Youth Services, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lisa Alegria
Jay Bechtol
Olga Diaz










G.H.S. Productions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Greg Sills










Dbra Athens Property Investments, Lp

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Dbra Athens Property Management, LLC










Bac Tax Services Corporation

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael D. Keating
Marc Mathies
Douglas Wolfe










Today Domani Enterprises, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David Valencia
Tonfic Hemaidan
Andy Gitipityadon










Northland Associates Inc.

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert Matson










Regent Property Investment

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bhupinder Singh Mac










Ham International Ltd

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hamis Kiggundu










Global Marketing Research Group

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Roman Kardonskiy
Alex Goldman










Lender Processing Center

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kerry Alane Bartholomew










Hollyline Bliss, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        










Pandora Staffing, LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
William P. Munday
Marco Sands










O&E Lock and Key LLC

                                                
                                                    Woodland Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Patty Palmer Young
Yakir Cohen




















                    Recently found companies in Woodland Hills
                





Company
Found




Bg Real Estate, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Reallyone Brand, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Creek Property, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Youronlinedesire, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Electronic Treasures, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Extra Medium Company, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Noho 32, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Evolver Entertainment, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Noho 55, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Danari Solar - Calabasas, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Danari Solar - Bakersfield, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Bounce Mobile Fitness Club LLC


                22 days ago
            



Akanthos SPV1, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Hair Queen, LLC, The


                22 days ago
            



Maverick Placement Group LLC


                22 days ago
            



Blvd Renual Hotel, Lp


                22 days ago
            



Mrs. Kosher LLC


                22 days ago
            



Amd Consulting, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Colt Miner, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Love and Kare, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Nawbish, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Hm Ebusiness LLC


                22 days ago
            



Chief Bowser Holdings LLC


                22 days ago
            



Esthetics by Brittnee, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Myata Technologies


                22 days ago
            



Aroma 1, Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Buildgoal, Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Custom Sims, Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Unicorn Insurance Services, Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Voltbar Incorporated


                22 days ago
            



Yarok Consulting Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Mehrdad Malek, M.D., Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Skywalker Construction, Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Sara Adrisi Inc


                22 days ago
            



Ats Accounting Group, Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Evenza Entertainment, Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Sierra Tango Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Solis Design Studio, Inc.


                22 days ago
            



10720 Moorpark Street, Inc.


                22 days ago
            



Miracle Productions Llp


                28 days ago
            



28230 Dorothy Drive LLC


                29 days ago
            



Geoscope Holdings LLC


                29 days ago
            



Lrf The Hunted, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Shirley Capital, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Grazeninamerica, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Kim and Choi LLC


                29 days ago
            



Dae Howerton Photography, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Ventura Citrus Properties, LLC


                29 days ago
            



S and M Group LLC


                29 days ago
            



3C Fillmore, LLC


                29 days ago
            








Top cities in California





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                799,067
            



                2
            


                    San Diego
                


                349,385
            



                3
            


                    San Francisco
                


                318,067
            



                4
            


                    San Jose
                


                179,352
            



                5
            


                    Sacramento
                


                146,372
            



                6
            


                    Irvine
                


                137,616
            



                7
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                115,428
            



                8
            


                    Newport Beach
                


                93,146
            



                9
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                89,770
            



                10
            


                    Oakland
                


                89,047
            



                11
            


                    Long Beach
                


                88,013
            



                12
            


                    Fresno
                


                80,971
            



                13
            


                    Santa Ana
                


                76,441
            



                14
            


                    Anaheim
                


                75,623
            



                15
            


                    Glendale
                


                73,389
            



                16
            


                    Bakersfield
                


                67,524
            



                17
            


                    Pasadena
                


                64,698
            



                18
            


                    Riverside
                


                63,638
            



                19
            


                    Torrance
                


                59,866
            



                20
            


                    Huntington Beach
                


                58,605
            



                21
            


                    Encino
                


                53,896
            



                22
            


                    Woodland Hills
                


                53,518
            



                23
            


                    Santa Barbara
                


                51,953
            



                24
            


                    Costa Mesa
                


                51,517
            



                25
            


                    Orange
                


                50,335
            



                26
            


                    Sherman Oaks
                


                50,045
            



                27
            


                    Burbank
                


                48,406
            



                28
            


                    Palo Alto
                


                48,091
            



                29
            


                    Fremont
                


                48,000
            



                30
            


                    Carlsbad
                


                47,048
            



                31
            


                    Van Nuys
                


                46,072
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                42,617
            



                33
            


                    Santa Rosa
                


                42,557
            



                34
            


                    North Hollywood
                


                41,253
            



                35
            


                    San Mateo
                


                41,067
            



                36
            


                    Stockton
                


                39,492
            



                37
            


                    Santa Clara
                


                38,274
            



                38
            


                    Rancho Cucamonga
                


                36,698
            



                39
            


                    Walnut Creek
                


                35,790
            



                40
            


                    Chula Vista
                


                34,464
            



                41
            


                    La Jolla
                


                34,000
            



                42
            


                    Sunnyvale
                


                33,792
            



                43
            


                    Fullerton
                


                33,733
            



                44
            


                    Escondido
                


                33,649
            



                45
            


                    Garden Grove
                


                33,250
            



                46
            


                    Modesto
                


                33,096
            



                47
            


                    Berkeley
                


                32,758
            



                48
            


                    West Hollywood
                


                32,385
            



                49
            


                    Temecula
                


                32,003
            



                50
            


                    Tustin
                


                31,029
            



                51
            


                    Roseville
                


                30,902
            



                52
            


                    Ontario
                


                30,551
            



                53
            


                    El Cajon
                


                30,360
            



                54
            


                    Redwood City
                


                29,912
            



                55
            


                    Hayward
                


                29,823
            



                56
            


                    Arcadia
                


                29,379
            



                57
            


                    Thousand Oaks
                


                29,135
            



                58
            


                    Oceanside
                


                29,089
            



                59
            


                    Ventura
                


                29,076
            



                60
            


                    Alhambra
                


                29,007
            



                61
            


                    San Rafael
                


                28,826
            



                62
            


                    Mission Viejo
                


                28,037
            



                63
            


                    San Bernardino
                


                27,266
            



                64
            


                    Culver City
                


                26,766
            



                65
            


                    Redondo Beach
                


                26,495
            



                66
            


                    Gardena
                


                26,194
            



                67
            


                    Mountain View
                


                26,120
            



                68
            


                    Simi Valley
                


                25,653
            



                69
            


                    Calabasas
                


                25,004
            



                70
            


                    Whittier
                


                24,942
            



                71
            


                    Concord
                


                24,930
            



                72
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                24,750
            



                73
            


                    San Clemente
                


                24,265
            



                74
            


                    Encinitas
                


                24,215
            



                75
            


                    Menlo Park
                


                24,054
            



                76
            


                    Murrieta
                


                23,875
            



                77
            


                    Northridge
                


                23,777
            



                78
            


                    Oxnard
                


                23,294
            



                79
            


                    Inglewood
                


                23,085
            



                80
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                23,012
            



                81
            


                    Laguna Niguel
                


                22,753
            



                82
            


                    Redding
                


                22,679
            



                83
            


                    Fontana
                


                22,678
            



                84
            


                    Vista
                


                22,678
            



                85
            


                    Monterey Park
                


                22,674
            



                86
            


                    Studio City
                


                22,417
            



                87
            


                    Marina Del Rey
                


                22,316
            



                88
            


                    Palm Desert
                


                22,140
            



                89
            


                    Napa
                


                22,104
            



                90
            


                    Santa Cruz
                


                21,987
            



                91
            


                    Burlingame
                


                21,744
            



                92
            


                    San Ramon
                


                21,744
            



                93
            


                    Walnut
                


                21,646
            



                94
            


                    Tarzana
                


                21,532
            



                95
            


                    Valencia
                


                21,496
            



                96
            


                    San Gabriel
                


                21,443
            



                97
            


                    Los Gatos
                


                21,370
            



                98
            


                    Upland
                


                21,308
            



                99
            


                    Salinas
                


                21,077
            



                100
            


                    Downey
                


                20,976
            



                101
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                20,812
            



                102
            


                    San Marcos
                


                20,479
            



                103
            


                    Manhattan Beach
                


                20,454
            



                104
            


                    Rowland Heights
                


                20,228
            



                105
            


                    Lancaster
                


                20,170
            



                106
            


                    Camarillo
                


                20,077
            



                107
            


                    Chatsworth
                


                20,045
            



                108
            


                    Laguna Hills
                


                19,889
            



                109
            


                    West Covina
                


                19,518
            



                110
            


                    Westminster
                


                19,387
            



                111
            


                    Lake Forest
                


                19,230
            



                112
            


                    Pomona
                


                19,226
            



                113
            


                    Cupertino
                


                19,151
            



                114
            


                    Visalia
                


                19,151
            



                115
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                19,127
            



                116
            


                    Chino
                


                19,120
            



                117
            


                    La Mesa
                


                19,111
            



                118
            


                    Danville
                


                19,049
            



                119
            


                    Canoga Park
                


                18,952
            



                120
            


                    Los Altos
                


                18,895
            



                121
            


                    Fountain Valley
                


                18,721
            



                122
            


                    Cerritos
                


                18,507
            



                123
            


                    Yorba Linda
                


                18,303
            



                124
            


                    Chico
                


                18,269
            



                125
            


                    Campbell
                


                18,188
            



                126
            


                    San Leandro
                


                18,103
            



                127
            


                    San Luis Obispo
                


                17,902
            



                128
            


                    El Monte
                


                17,776
            



                129
            


                    Diamond Bar
                


                17,721
            



                130
            


                    Palmdale
                


                17,572
            



                131
            


                    Laguna Beach
                


                17,372
            



                132
            


                    Brea
                


                16,964
            



                133
            


                    Moreno Valley
                


                16,908
            



                134
            


                    Venice
                


                16,878
            



                135
            


                    Milpitas
                


                16,869
            



                136
            


                    El Segundo
                


                16,820
            



                137
            


                    Carson
                


                16,609
            



                138
            


                    Aliso Viejo
                


                16,433
            



                139
            


                    Buena Park
                


                16,365
            



                140
            


                    Agoura Hills
                


                16,341
            



                141
            


                    Novato
                


                16,215
            



                142
            


                    Covina
                


                16,187
            



                143
            


                    Clovis
                


                16,129
            



                144
            


                    Livermore
                


                16,098
            



                145
            


                    Petaluma
                


                16,043
            



                146
            


                    Redlands
                


                16,040
            



                147
            


                    Folsom
                


                15,585
            



                148
            


                    Santa Maria
                


                15,556
            



                149
            


                    South San Francisco
                


                15,154
            



                150
            


                    Alameda
                


                15,108
            



                151
            


                    Malibu
                


                15,091
            



                152
            


                    Santa Fe Springs
                


                15,041
            



                153
            


                    Rancho Cordova
                


                15,000
            



                154
            


                    Citrus Heights
                


                14,830
            



                155
            


                    Chino Hills
                


                14,781
            



                156
            


                    Compton
                


                14,606
            



                157
            


                    Mill Valley
                


                14,602
            



                158
            


                    Hacienda Heights
                


                14,555
            



                159
            


                    Fairfield
                


                14,554
            



                160
            


                    San Juan Capistrano
                


                14,549
            



                161
            


                    Victorville
                


                14,464
            



                162
            


                    Vallejo
                


                14,397
            



                163
            


                    La Puente
                


                14,385
            



                164
            


                    Santa Clarita
                


                14,035
            



                165
            


                    Rosemead
                


                13,979
            



                166
            


                    Poway
                


                13,905
            



                167
            


                    Monterey
                


                13,725
            



                168
            


                    Pacific Palisades
                


                13,441
            



                169
            


                    Granada Hills
                


                13,276
            



                170
            


                    South El Monte
                


                13,167
            



                171
            


                    San Pedro
                


                13,145
            



                172
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                12,967
            



                173
            


                    Rocklin
                


                12,960
            



                174
            


                    Tracy
                


                12,667
            



                175
            


                    Reseda
                


                12,635
            



                176
            


                    Auburn
                


                12,633
            



                177
            


                    Hemet
                


                12,430
            



                178
            


                    Dana Point
                


                12,358
            



                179
            


                    La Habra
                


                12,202
            



                180
            


                    Vacaville
                


                12,186
            



                181
            


                    Richmond
                


                12,161
            



                182
            


                    Lafayette
                


                12,083
            



                183
            


                    Saratoga
                


                11,971
            



                184
            


                    Daly City
                


                11,801
            



                185
            


                    Del Mar
                


                11,698
            



                186
            


                    Glendora
                


                11,657
            



                187
            


                    Antioch
                


                11,640
            



                188
            


                    Solana Beach
                


                11,488
            



                189
            


                    San Carlos
                


                11,449
            



                190
            


                    Yuba City
                


                11,371
            



                191
            


                    City of Industry
                


                11,265
            



                192
            


                    Lodi
                


                11,253
            



                193
            


                    Rancho Palos Verdes
                


                11,217
            



                194
            


                    Carmichael
                


                11,207
            



                195
            


                    Placentia
                


                11,183
            



                196
            


                    Palos Verdes Peninsula
                


                11,089
            



                197
            


                    Dublin
                


                11,072
            



                198
            


                    Lakewood
                


                11,011
            



                199
            


                    Norwalk
                


                11,009
            



                200
            


                    Hesperia
                


                10,975
            



                201
            


                    Fallbrook
                


                10,864
            



                202
            


                    San Dimas
                


                10,716
            



                203
            


                    Bellflower
                


                10,697
            



                204
            


                    Cypress
                


                10,635
            



                205
            


                    Morgan Hill
                


                10,621
            



                206
            


                    Fair Oaks
                


                10,559
            



                207
            


                    Monrovia
                


                10,545
            



                208
            


                    Montebello
                


                10,527
            



                209
            


                    Grass Valley
                


                10,502
            



                210
            


                    Sylmar
                


                10,495
            



                211
            


                    El Dorado Hills
                


                10,428
            



                212
            


                    Davis
                


                10,405
            



                213
            


                    Rancho Santa Margarita
                


                10,366
            



                214
            


                    Newbury Park
                


                10,343
            



                215
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                10,266
            



                216
            


                    Valley Village
                


                10,265
            



                217
            


                    La Mirada
                


                10,241
            



                218
            


                    Paso Robles
                


                10,221
            



                219
            


                    Apple Valley
                


                10,173
            



                220
            


                    Indio
                


                10,157
            



                221
            


                    Canyon Country
                


                10,155
            



                222
            


                    Hermosa Beach
                


                10,115
            



                223
            


                    Union City
                


                10,110
            



                224
            


                    Baldwin Park
                


                10,047
            



                225
            


                    Emeryville
                


                9,905
            



                226
            


                    South Pasadena
                


                9,820
            



                227
            


                    Sausalito
                


                9,766
            



                228
            


                    Temple City
                


                9,659
            



                229
            


                    Lake Elsinore
                


                9,527
            



                230
            


                    Castro Valley
                


                9,440
            



                231
            


                    Rancho Santa Fe
                


                9,412
            



                232
            


                    Turlock
                


                9,336
            



                233
            


                    Sonoma
                


                9,281
            



                234
            


                    Los Alamitos
                


                9,146
            



                235
            


                    Merced
                


                9,030
            



                236
            


                    La Quinta
                


                9,024
            



                237
            


                    Watsonville
                


                9,014
            



                238
            


                    Claremont
                


                8,997
            



                239
            


                    West Hills
                


                8,995
            



                240
            


                    Gilroy
                


                8,993
            



                241
            


                    Corona Del Mar
                


                8,913
            



                242
            


                    Santee
                


                8,887
            



                243
            


                    Rialto
                


                8,828
            



                244
            


                    Pleasant Hill
                


                8,778
            



                245
            


                    Brentwood
                


                8,665
            



                246
            


                    National City
                


                8,538
            



                247
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                8,508
            



                248
            


                    San Marino
                


                8,450
            



                249
            


                    Granite Bay
                


                8,415
            



                250
            


                    Rancho Mirage
                


                8,310
            



                251
            


                    Martinez
                


                8,290
            



                252
            


                    Madera
                


                8,243
            



                253
            


                    Paramount
                


                8,214
            



                254
            


                    Sebastopol
                


                8,185
            



                255
            


                    Belmont
                


                8,169
            



                256
            


                    South Gate
                


                8,116
            



                257
            


                    Manteca
                


                8,112
            



                258
            


                    Newark
                


                8,087
            



                259
            


                    Perris
                


                8,064
            



                260
            


                    La Crescenta
                


                7,984
            



                261
            


                    Eureka
                


                7,941
            



                262
            


                    West Sacramento
                


                7,854
            



                263
            


                    San Bruno
                


                7,788
            



                264
            


                    Woodland
                


                7,730
            



                265
            


                    Seal Beach
                


                7,695
            



                266
            


                    Goleta
                


                7,562
            



                267
            


                    Altadena
                


                7,522
            



                268
            


                    Placerville
                


                7,494
            



                269
            


                    Cathedral City
                


                7,479
            



                270
            


                    Moorpark
                


                7,420
            



                271
            


                    Huntington Park
                


                7,374
            



                272
            


                    Newhall
                


                7,302
            



                273
            


                    Coronado
                


                7,293
            



                274
            


                    North Hills
                


                7,148
            



                275
            


                    Orinda
                


                7,118
            



                276
            


                    Ramona
                


                6,989
            



                277
            


                    Aptos
                


                6,986
            



                278
            


                    Porter Ranch
                


                6,968
            



                279
            


                    Trabuco Canyon
                


                6,830
            



                280
            


                    La Verne
                


                6,796
            



                281
            


                    Panorama City
                


                6,776
            



                282
            


                    Pittsburg
                


                6,760
            



                283
            


                    Arroyo Grande
                


                6,748
            



                284
            


                    Yucaipa
                


                6,735
            



                285
            


                    Colton
                


                6,683
            



                286
            


                    Azusa
                


                6,624
            



                287
            


                    Carmel
                


                6,588
            



                288
            


                    Pico Rivera
                


                6,586
            



                289
            


                    Lincoln
                


                6,556
            



                290
            


                    Pacoima
                


                6,513
            



                291
            


                    Truckee
                


                6,483
            



                292
            


                    Benicia
                


                6,453
            



                293
            


                    South Lake Tahoe
                


                6,422
            



                294
            


                    Hanford
                


                6,380
            



                295
            


                    Atascadero
                


                6,336
            



                296
            


                    Lakeside
                


                6,291
            



                297
            


                    Norco
                


                6,221
            



                298
            


                    Montclair
                


                6,217
            



                299
            


                    Winnetka
                


                6,206
            



                300
            


                    Alamo
                


                6,202
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.














    Crowdability: LRF Thoroughbred Fund – Thoroughbred Racehorse Fund – iCrowdNewswire                   Press Release Distribution Newswire Tips for Effective CommunicationsSIGN INProducts & PricingAboutTeamNewsBlogContact Distribute a Press Release from $29.99 Post Marketing Content - $19.99 Distribution Network Submit a Press Release Search News Room:  HomeWire   xRSS Newsfeeds See all RSS Newsfeeds Global Regions North America ( XML Feed )Oct 14, 2016 2:03 PM ET  Archived: Crowdability: LRF Thoroughbred Fund – Thoroughbred Racehorse Fund  iCrowdNewswire - Oct 14, 2016 LRF Thoroughbred FundThoroughbred Racehorse Fund COMPANY INFORMATIONWebsite:http://www.littleredfeather.com/ Sector:Sports & RecreationLocation:Woodland Hills, CA The LRF Thoroughbred Fund provides the opportunity for anyone to pursue racehorse ownership with as little as $500.LRF will manage the Fund and use the proceeds to buy up to six thoroughbred racehorses with the intent of racing at Santa Anita Park and Del Mar. Each investor will own a pro-rata percentage of the Fund, and thus a pro-rata percentage of each horse.The Fund will be managed by one of America’s largest thoroughbred racing clubs: Little Red Feather Racing (“LRF”).LRF gained prominence in 2004 when its horse Singletary captured the $1,500,000 Breeders’ Cup Mile. In 15 years, LRF horses have won 192 races from 1,063 starts (18%) and grossed $10,735,470 in purses (through June 30, 2016).Recently, LRF has enjoyed the best 18 months in its history with 43 wins from 192 starts and over $3,000,000 in gross purses. LRF currently manages stakes winners Midnight Storm, Chati’s on Top, Bellamentary, Sheer Pleasure, and Midnight Miley.LRF believes it has the industry networking ability to purchase almost any racehorse that is for sale.Once purchased, horses will be trained by one of LRF’s trainers and prepared for their first race for the Fund.LRF will communicate the horse’s journey with its investors. This “inside the locker room” communication provides knowledge (and entertainment) to people who are new to ownership and those who have owned before.LRF will also provide an accounting summary of all activity and, if applicable, make a distribution of available proceeds to the investors.In addition to equity ownership, investors also receive the perks of being “inside the clubhouse.” These perks include box seats to all fund races, visits to the horses in their barn, invitations to watch morning workouts, etc.Little Red Feather was established in 2002. It is California’s largest Racing Club, with over 300 active partners. Over 50% of LRF syndicates are made up of previous partners.It captured the GI Breeders’ Cup Mile with Singletary in 2004, and it sold GI winner Egg Drop for $1,900,000 at the 2014 Keeneland November sale.The fund earns fees in 3 different ways: 10% on the initial raise; 10% of the gross purses or revenue received; and 10% on the subsequent sales of its horses.Once an asset is sold or purse monies are earned, funds will be distributed to investors and/or used to acquire additional horses. On or around December 1, 2017, they will determine which horses will be sold or kept in racing.There are no further costs once you invest — in other words, investors are not responsible for the ongoing costs of training or operations.You could potentially make money here — but as the fund says in its materials: “This is a high risk high reward investment. LRF sold a horse at auction for $1,900,000 that originally cost its partners $95,000. LRF has also purchased a horse that unfortunately never ran. With over 150 horses managed the only honest thing we can tell you is your investment will probably fall in between those two scenarios… and you may have the time of your life regardless of the ultimate financial result.”For more info about how the funds will be used and potentially disbursed, review all the materials on StartEngine.  TEAM BACKGROUNDWilliam Koch – Managing PartnerBilly founded LRF in 2002, has 20 years experience racing and managing thoroughbred horses.He is a past board member of the Thoroughbred Owners of California, and currently sits on the board of Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association.He earned his BA from Northwestern.Gary Fenton – Managing Partner and CEOGary has been LRF’s general counsel since inception, and its CEO since 2005.Formerly, Gary worked as an entertainment attorney for such companies as William Morris Agency and Cersey Werner.He earned his BA from USC, and his law degree from UWLA.    Contact Information:nLRF Thoroughbred Fund Via  Click here for more information Tags: Crowdability, Wire, Crowdfunding, Equity Crowdfunding, North America, English View Related News > Sales Partner NetworkDisclosure Newswire TMSecurex FilingsP3 Data SystemsQuickSilver Stock TransferEDGAR FILING LLCCrowdfundingSeedUps CanadaFundPaasCadia Startup ExchangeSpringboard EquityAutoPilot PRCivil Society Newswire TMInter Press Service (IPS)IMPACT Leadership 21PVBLIC FoundationGate Global ImpactPress Release NewswireAndeanWireHispanicize WireM2 Press WIREDino (Brazil)NetNotasComunicae (Spain & Mexico)MediaBNamericas WIREThe Soho LoftPRmax (UK)HPC Legal WIREiCrowdPRConferences & EventsPubconIndustry ExchangeCrowdsourcing WeekLendIt Become an iCrowdNewswire Partner                          















Little Red Feather Adds Crowdfunding Partnership Platform - Horse Racing News | Paulick Report





















































































Loading news...
Texas Thoroughbred Association Catalogs 139 For Aug. 21 Yearling, Mixed Sale
Daily Racing Form Purchased By Z Capital Partners
Prominent Sire City Zip Euthanized At 19
Florida: Appellate Court Ruling Will Allow Challenges To Breeders’ Awards Plan
Horse Thieves Steal Statue Of 1901 KY Derby Winner His Eminence From Indiana Business
Bloodlines Presented By Merck Animal Health: Accelerate Shines For Lookin At Lucky
Reminder: Nomination Deadline For Thoroughbred Industry Employee Awards Aug. 1
A Winning Bet: South Korean Racing Developing Into A Multi-Billion Dollar Industry
Churchill: Zoning Board Approves Request For Eight-Foot Fence As Parking Project Continues
Massachusetts: Stronach Group, Racing Representatives Discuss Possible Expansion Into State




Register
Login

























Little Red Feather Adds Crowdfunding Partnership Platform



Sponsored by:
 


by Press Release | 08.04.2016 | 12:30pm 







 
Little Red Feather partners crowd into Santa Anita Park winner's circle 






For the first time, a crowdfunding equity partnership has been established in Thoroughbred racing by Little Red Feather Racing (“LRF”).  The pioneering partnership has been established under the recently adopted rules set by Title lll of the JOBS Act.
The LRF Thoroughbred Fund (“Fund”) will provide the opportunity for racing aficionados to pursue racehorse ownership under a platform never offered before.  LRF will manage the Fund and use the final raise to buy up to six Thoroughbred racehorses, with the intent of racing at top racetracks such as Santa Anita Park and Del Mar. Each investor will own a pro-rata percentage of the Fund, allowing them to hold viable equity in the racehorses offered in the program.
“In the past, we could only offer shares to accredited or sophisticated investors,” said LRF managing partner Gary Fenton.  “We couldn't be more excited to open up a partnership to just about anyone who wants to get into the game.  For a small investment the enthusiastic fan now has the chance of a lifetime – to potentially own a Kentucky Derby horse with real equity.”
LRF was established in 2002 by managing partner Billy Koch.  Starting with one horse, LRF has successfully syndicated over 130 partnerships, managing over 150 racehorses over the past 15 years. Fenton has been LRF's general council since inception and managing partner since 2005.
Bursting onto the national scene in 2004 when Singletary won the $1,500,000. Breeders' Cup Mile, LRF horses have won 197 races from 1,083 starts (18%) and grossed $11,117,080 in earnings.

LRF is enjoying the best 18 months in its history with 47 wins from 206 starts, and over $3,000,000 in gross purse earnings.  LRF currently manages multiple graded stakes winner Midnight Storm, who won the $400,000 Grade l Shoemaker Mile at Santa Anita Park, June 14 and the $250,000 Grade 2 Eddie Read Stakes at Del Mar July 17.  Midnight Storm's win in the Shoemaker Mile was a Breeders' Cup Win and You're In race and stamped the 5-year-old horse, by Pioneerof the Nile an automatic berth in the $2,000,000 Breeders' Cup Mile at the 2016 World Championships. LRF's Midnight Miley won the $150,000 Grade 3 Ontario Matron Stakes, July 17 and is pointed towards the Grade 2 Canadian Stakes, Sept. 17 for her next start.
As noted by Lucinda Shen in a recent Fortune.com article, “U.S law previously prohibited unaccredited investors-those earning less than $200,000 a year with a net worth below $1 million-from investing in private companies in exchange for equity.  Such investors could only fund startup projects such as Kickstarter or Indiegogo in return for a discount for the product itself.”
For more information about Little Red Feather Racing Fund visit:  https://www.startengine.com/startup/lrf-thoroughbred-fund-llc
New to the Paulick Report? Click here to sign up for our daily email newsletter to keep up on this and other stories happening in the Thoroughbred industry.Copyright © 2017 Paulick Report.

          This entry was posted in The Biz and tagged Billy Koch, crowdfunding, gary fenton, Little Red Feather, racing partnerships, title III JOBS Act by Press Release. Bookmark the permalink.        


 










Richard C



Music artists like Amanda Palmer, Alien Ant Farm, the Beach Boys and George Benson have successfully used crowdfunding for projects — the crowdfunding equity partnership is the next frontier for the Sport of Kings.






Shasta Sam



Just wondering….how do they get around most state requirements typically requiring all ownership interests are licensed?






Meg Hiers



As mentioned in the first paragraph, there has been a reinterpretation or changing of the law, I believe, that allows for investment without technical “ownership”, which resides in the whole entity, not the investors that make it up….at least that is how I understood it.






Richard C



The percentage of ownership is the key within partnerships. In Ohio – for example – “Every member of a partnership possessing five per cent or more interest must acquire an owner’s license.”








Andrew A.



Interesting stuff.  I admire their commitment to new and innovating ideas.  Having dealt with Billy Koch during and after the boycott of 2011 I found him to be the most willing TOC board member to devote his time and effort into making the game better on the gambling side.  He actually participated in a 4 person conference call in 2011 to help make the P5 a reality.  I’ve always found him forthcoming and very willing to answer any question brought to him.  
Gary not so much.






Mr. Furlong



Run…do not walk…but, run as fast and as far way as one can from this “Fund” investment….investing in a race horse as an owner is risky as it is, but, this is just absolutely and totally foolish…..
And while Little Red Feather can ‘brag about their results’, there is indeed more to ‘results’ as the saying goes in investing in mutual funds – ‘past performances are not guaranteed of future results’…










 


Twitter 
 
Tweets by @raypaulick



Facebook 
 
Paulick Report















Receive MORNING HEADLINES & NEWS ALERTS Go





×
Sign Up for Our Daily Headline News








  Sign Up for Our Daily Headline News  

 





Name:




 






 






 



   subscribed: 8958    







 We respect your privacy 
 



  Email Marketingby GetResponse 



 



 










 




Ask Ray?
questions • tips • rants
Ask Me















Yop Poll Widget

Which of the following do you see as the horse racing industry's most positive trend?



 America's Best Racing/marketing to young people


 Increased interest in turf racing


 Pegasus World Cup/keeping best horses in training at 4 & 5


 Reprivatization of New York Racing Association


 Thoroughbred aftercare programs











vote
View Results
 



 


 Staff
 
Staff 

Publisher
Ray Paulick (859 312.2102)

Director of Advertising
Emily Alberti (859 913.9633)

Editor-in-Chief
Scott Jagow

Features Editor
Natalie Voss

News Editor
Mary Schweitzer

Asst. News Editor
Chelsea Hackbarth

En Español Managing Editor
Ramon Brito

Contributing Writers
Sarah E. Coleman
Frank Mitchell
Jen Roytz
Denise Steffanus

Photography
EquiSport Photos (Matt and Wendy Wooley)
Eric Kalet

Business Manager
Carol Paulick







 













HOME
ADVERTISING
CONTACT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMENTING POLICIES
RSS FEEDS


NEWS
Ray's Paddock
The Biz
Triple Crown
Racing
Bloodstock
People
Horseplayers
Horse Care


FEATURES
Photos of the Week
Absorbine Presents Eric Kalet’s Triple Crown Photo Blog
Bloodlines
Breeders' Cup Presents Connections
Cosequin presents OTTB Showcase


VIDEOS
Graded Stakes
Latest Video
SOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube

 





        PaulickReport.com is published by Blenheim Publishing LLC, 3070 Lakecrest Circle, Suite 400-292, Lexington, KY 40513. Copyright Blenheim Publishing LLC.
      



































×
 
Close





  









Industry Press Releases | BloodHorse.com























 Search BloodHorse.com















					Leading Sire City Zip Dead at 19
				











Industry Press Releases





Thoroughbred Industry Press Releases and Announcements





Fox Sports 2 to Televise Charles Town Classic

March 14, 2017
Thoroughbred Racing, Industry Press Releases, Northeast Region






As a part of the New York Racing Association, Inc.'s announcement of an expanded partnership with FOX Sports that will result in additional live broadcasts, the $1,250,000 Charles Town Classic (G2) will be part of the coverage this season.



TCA Names Gunderson Award of Merit Recipient

By BloodHorse Staff
March 14, 2017
Industry Press Releases

Raina Chingos Gunderson, Gulfstream Park’s horsemen’s liaison, was honored by the Thoroughbred Charities of America March 13 in Ocala, Fla.



NYRA Expands Partnership with Fox Sports

By BloodHorse Staff
March 13, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Thoroughbred Racing






New arrangement will produce 46 live shows on FS2 that will cover racing at Aqueduct Racetrack, Belmont Park, and Saratoga Race Course. The Saratoga Live program will offer 36 shows.



Florida Derby Charity Golf Tournament Set

March 13, 2017
Industry Press Releases

The March 28 event benefits the Permanently Disabled Jockeys Fund and Florida TRAC.



Hawthorne Race Course Joins NTRA

March 13, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Midwest Region

The Chicago-area racetrack has emerged as one of the leading destinations for NTRA National Handicapping Championship (NHC) qualifying contests.



McCraken Remains First in NTRA 3-Year-Old Poll

March 13, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Thoroughbred Racing, Triple Crown

McCraken remains in first place for the NTRA 3-year-old poll, while Arrogate was the unanimous choice for top Thoroughbred. 



Thoroughbred Incentive Program 2016 Award Winners

By BloodHorse Staff
March 13, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Off Track Thoroughbreds






The Jockey Club Thoroughbred Incentive Program (T.I.P.), which encourages the retraining of Thoroughbreds for other disciplines, recognizes those that have accumulated the most points in the show ring.



Out-of-Competition Rule Examined at HBPA Convention

By Jennie Rees
March 11, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Horse Health, Thoroughbred Racing






Dr. Andy Roberts, speaking March 11 at the National Horsemen's Benevolent and Protective Association's convention, said an out-of-competition rule approved by the Association of Racing Commissioners International could have unintended impact.



Equine Fatality Rate Declines for Fourth Straight Year

By BloodHorse Staff
March 10, 2017
Thoroughbred Racing, Horse Health, Industry Press Releases, Kentucky






An analysis of data from the Equine Injury Database (EID) has shown a reduction in the rate of fatal injury for a fourth consecutive year and a 23% drop since 2009, The Jockey Club announced March 10.



TVG Plans Increased Coverage of Australian Racing

March 9, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Handicapping

TVG is expanding its agreement with Sky Racing World to offer increased television coverage of Australian horse racing on TVG and TVG2 as well as launch additional wagering promotions for TVG account holders on Australian racing. 



Turfway Park to Send Out Signal in High Definition

March 8, 2017
Handicapping, Industry Press Releases, Kentucky

The upgrade of the racetrack’s signal to HD, which debuts March 9, will include new, customized graphics for an enhanced racing simulcast experience.



Arapahoe Park Announces Changes in Stakes Schedule

March 8, 2017
Thoroughbred Racing, Industry Press Releases, West Region






The 2017 stakes schedule at Arapahoe Park in Colorado will culminate with the richest races the track hosts for Thoroughbreds and Quarter Horses on the final day of the season, but the road to those races will look different than in past years.  



Hunt to Headline Preakness InfieldFest Concert

March 8, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Triple Crown, Mid-Atlantic Region






The Budweiser InfieldFest is a full day, eclectic music festival.



NBC Sports Network to Broadcast Investec Derby

March 8, 2017
International, Industry Press Releases

The Investec Derby from Epsom Downs Racecourse in the UK will be shown live on NBC Sports Network for the first time this year.



Performance Genetics Offering Breeze-Ups Analytics

March 8, 2017
Industry Press Releases

The BreezeUpIQ.com algorithm uses race results and historical under tack show data to identify elite runners at 2-year-olds in training sales.



NBC Sports to Broadcast Dubai World Cup

March 7, 2017
Thoroughbred Racing, Industry Press Releases, International

NBC Sports viewers will get the chance to watch the world's top-ranked racehorse Arrogate compete in the $10 million Dubai World Cup from Meydan Racecourse later this month, following an agreement with Racecourse Media Group (RMG).  



The Jockey Club's 2017 Fact Book Available

March 7, 2017
Thoroughbred Breeding, Industry Press Releases

The Jockey Club announced March 7 that the 2017 edition of the Fact Book is available in the Resources section of its website at jockeyclub.com.



Grayson-Jockey Club Approves Record Research Budget

March 6, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Horse Health, Kentucky, Off Track Thoroughbreds

Grayson-Jockey Club Research Foundation's board of directors has approved a 2017 budget of $1,483,542 to fund 11 new equine research projects, eight renewing two-year studies, and two career development awards. 



Woodbine Releases 2017 Stakes Schedule

March 3, 2017
Thoroughbred Racing, Industry Press Releases, Northeast Region, Midwest Region






Woodbine's 2017 Thoroughbred stakes schedule, featuring the $1 million Queen's Plate, was released March 3 by Woodbine Entertainment Group (WEG).



Texas A&M Names Lamb Head of Animal Science

March 3, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Horse Health

Dr. Cliff Lamb has been named department head for animal science at Texas A&M University in College Station, according to Dr. Mark Hussey, vice chancellor and dean for the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences.



Record Historic Gaming Month at Kentucky Downs

March 3, 2017
Industry Press Releases

Exacta Systems and Kentucky Downs again shattered the single month historic horse racing handle record in February, with wagering in the 28-day month totaling $51.8 million. 



Mike Battaglia to Call John Battaglia Memorial Stakes

March 2, 2017
Thoroughbred Racing, Industry Press Releases, Kentucky






Race fans will hear a familiar voice as the field for the $100,000 John Battaglia Memorial Stakes breaks the gate at Turfway Park March 4. 



Stryker Phd Washington Horse of Year a Third Time

March 2, 2017
Thoroughbred Racing, Industry Press Releases, Thoroughbred Breeding, West Region






Over 275 horsemen and horse racing enthusiasts filled the fourth floor Emerald Downs banquet rooms on Saturday evening, February 25, in celebration of the 2016 Washington champion runners.



Roses to Ribbons Horse Fair to be Held at Sam Houston

By BloodHorse Staff
March 2, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Off Track Thoroughbreds






A unique horse fair showcasing Thoroughbreds that are finished with their racing career and ready to start a new career will be held at Sam Houston Race Park March 4.



Track Design to be Discussed at Pan American Conference

March 2, 2017
Industry Press Releases, International, Mid-Atlantic Region

The second Pan American Conference, to be held in Washington, D.C., May 17 - 20, 2017, will include several prominent international personalities leading panel discussions centered on racetrack and facility design.



National Museum of Racing to Celebrate Man o' War

March 2, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Northeast Region

The National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame will unveil its new exhibit, Man o' War at 100, on March 29 in the Museum's Contemporary Racing Gallery.



NYRA Announces Partnership with Hoppegarten

By BloodHorse Staff
March 2, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Thoroughbred Racing, Northeast Region






The New York Racing Association has announced a three-year partnership with one of Germany's premier racetracks, Hoppegarten Racecourse in Berlin, to host a unique, intercontinental stakes series beginning in 2017.



New York Horsemen Report Record Benevolence

March 1, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Northeast Region

For calendar year 2016, the New York Thoroughbred Horsemen's Association distributed a record $1,996,200 in benevolence. 



Pinsonneault to Leave Woodbine Entertainment Group

March 1, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Thoroughbred Racing, International

Woodbine Entertainment Group (WEG) today announced Sean Pinsonneault, the company's Executive Vice-President, Strategy and Wagering, will be leaving the organization on March 7, 2017. 



Equestricon Lines Up Sponsors, Partners

March 1, 2017
Industry Press Releases

Equestricon Lines Up Sponsors, Partners



Hawthorne Set for March 3 Opening Day

March 1, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Thoroughbred Racing, Midwest Region

The spring thoroughbred meet at Hawthorne opens on March 3 with a nine-race card. 



CDI Promotes Blackwell to Senior VP

March 1, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Kentucky

Churchill Downs Incorporated announced that it has promoted Brad Blackwell.



Mahoning Valley Plans Another Purse Increase

February 27, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Thoroughbred Racing, Midwest Region

For the second time in six weeks, Hollywood Gaming at Mahoning Valley Race Course has announced an across the board purse increase.



American Horse Council Aims to Fund Economic Study

February 23, 2017
Industry Press Releases

American Horse Council Foundation still $150,000 short of goal, and needs help in order to ensure that this important update to economic data about the equine industry is completed.



Loney to Head ARCI Regulatory Attorneys Committee

February 23, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Southwest Region






Rhea P. Loney, who led the successful "frog juice" prosecution of Quarter Horse trainers in Louisiana, has been appointed chair of the Association of Racing Commissioners International's regulatory attorneys committee, ARCI chair Judy Wagner said.



More Than 100 Cataloged to Texas 2-Year-Old Sale

February 23, 2017
Thoroughbred Sales, Industry Press Releases, Southwest Region

The Texas Thoroughbred Association is pleased to announce that it has catalogued more than 100 horses for the second annual Texas 2-Year-Olds in Training Sale.



Turfway, Horsemen Team to Offer Handicapping Seminar

February 22, 2017
Handicapping, Kentucky, Industry Press Releases

Turfway Park and the Kentucky HBPA are teaming up March 3 for Happy Hour Handicapping, an interactive event where people who love racing and horses can learn the basics of playing the races and take a first look at Kentucky Derby contenders. 



McCraken Remains Atop NTRA 3-Year-Old Poll

February 21, 2017
Thoroughbred Racing, Triple Crown, Industry Press Releases

McCraken (20 first-place votes; 362 points) remains in first place after his win two weeks ago in the Sam F. Davis Stakes (G3) at Tampa Bay Downs.



Churchill Downs, Cancer Institute Announce Partnership 

February 21, 2017
Industry Press Releases

Churchill Downs and Norton Cancer Institute announced a new charitable partnership to raise funds to help provide care for women in our community who lack access to necessary breast health screenings and services. 



Tickets to go on Sale for Equestricon

February 21, 2017
Industry Press Releases

Equestricon announced Feb. 21 that tickets for its first-ever international horse racing convention, fan festival, and trade show will go on sale this Friday, February 24. 



STATS Race Lens Added to Xpressbet Wagering Platform

February 21, 2017
Handicapping, Industry Press Releases

Leading North American online wagering provider Xpressbet and the industry's official database, Equibase, have collaborated to offer STATS Race LensTM on Xpressbet's wagering platform.



Washington Annual Awards Banquet Scheduled Feb. 25

February 20, 2017
Industry Press Releases, West Region

The Washington Thoroughbred industry will be honoring the best of the best of 2016, "Roaring 20s" style, at the Washington Annual Awards Banquet Saturday, Feb. 25. 



NYRA Pursuing Saratoga Construction Plan

February 17, 2017
Northeast Region, Industry Press Releases

The New York Racing Association issued legal notice for the solicitation of a professional architecture firm to provide design services related to the possible development of a building to be located immediately adjacent to the end of the Clubhouse.



Frank Stronach to Receive E.P. Taylor Award of Merit

February 17, 2017
International, Industry Press Releases

The Jockey Club of Canada Board of Stewards is proud to announce that Frank Stronach will be presented with the E.P. Taylor Award of Merit for his longtime involvement and commitment to Thoroughbred Racing in Canada.



Records Smashed at Tattersalls Ireland Cheltenham Sale

February 16, 2017
Industry Press Releases, International, Thoroughbred Sales






The Tattersalls Ireland Cheltenham January Sale saw records smashed as the highest price ever recorded for a point to point horse of £480,000 was achieved along with increases in all the key figures. 



Complete Starts Information Added at Equibase Site

February 16, 2017
Thoroughbred Racing, Industry Press Releases

Equibase Company announced Feb. 16 the expansion of racing statistics available on equibase.com with the addition of complete starts information for every jockey, trainer, and owner. 



Evangeline Downs to Begin 84-Day Meet April 12

February 15, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Thoroughbred Racing, Southwest Region

Evangeline Downs' 2017 Thoroughbred racing season will begin on Wednesday, April 12 and continue through Saturday, September 2. 



EquiLottery Reaches Agreement With Charles Town Races

February 15, 2017
Industry Press Releases, Mid-Atlantic Region

EquiLottery has come to an agreement with Hollywood Casino at Charles Town Races in West Virginia that will allow its game based on the results of live horse racing to use video feeds from its nearly year round racing calendar. 



Contest Asks Fans to Name Sagamore-Homebred

February 13, 2017
Thoroughbred Breeding, Industry Press Releases, Mid-Atlantic Region

Sagamore Racing today announced its fifth annual Thoroughbred Naming Contest where fans will have the opportunity to name a two-year-old Sagamore-homebred colt by Street Boss out of Circleofinfluence. 



McCraken Moves to Top of NTRA 3-Year-Old Poll

February 13, 2017
Thoroughbred Racing, Industry Press Releases, Triple Crown

This past weekend the "Road to the Kentucky Derby" biggest race ran through Tampa Bay Downs in Florida resulting in some changes in week  three of the National Thoroughbred Racing Association (NTRA) Top 3-Year-Old Poll. 

 
FirstPrevious123456789NextLast








Most Popular Stories

Stakes Winners Featured in Del Mar Paddock Sale
Accelerate Springs Stunning Upset as Arrogate Falters
Stronach Group Explores Expansion into Massachusetts
Baffert Still Aiming Arrogate for Pacific Classic
Focused Hemsworth Entered in Curlin Stakes
Gutsy Move Gets Abel Tasman CCA Oaks Win
139 Cataloged for Texas Yearling and Mixed Sale
Lady Eli Runs 'One of Her Greatest Races to Date'
Historical Gains in Kentucky
Big World to be Offered at Fasig-Tipton November Sale






















In Today's Edition





Abel Tasman, Elate Exit CCA Oaks in Good Order
Plus news, analysis, entries, results & replays


Download Today's Edition
Or Download the App




BloodHorse Daily


Free and Brought to you Daily
Get the latest insider news, analysis, entries and results on your phone or sent to your email!
  Sign Up






News Sections

Latest News
Racing
Breeding
Sales
International
Pedigree Analysis
BackTrack
Handicapping
TOBA
Press Releases
Triple Crown Breeders' Cup 


Search By Date

PrevNextJuly 2017SuMoTuWeThFrSa      12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031     



Regional News






















Midwest
Kentucky
Southwest
Southeast
Northeast
Mid-Atlantic
West





Inside Racing

Racing News
Race Results & Video
Race Replays
Entries
Stakes Calendar
Handicapping
Triple Crown
Breeders' Cup
Racetracks
Race Meet Calendar
Eclipse Awards



Leaders By Earnings

Horses
Jockeys
Trainers
Owners
Breeders



Search Race Results
 Date

All Available Tracks
Aiken - AIK
Albuquerque - ALB
Aqueduct - AQU
Arapahoe Park - ARP
Arlington Park - AP
Assiniboia Downs - ASD
Belmont Park - BEL
Belterra Park - BTP
Camden - CAM
Canterbury Park - CBY
Charles Town Races & Slots - CT
Churchill Downs - CD
Del Mar - DMR
Delaware Park - DEL
Delta Downs - DED
Ellis Park - ELP
Emerald Downs - EMD
Evangeline Downs - EVD
Fair Meadows - FMT
Fair Grounds - FG
Fairmount Park - FP
Finger Lakes - FL
Fort Erie - FE
Foxfield - FX
Fresno - FNO
Golden Gate Fields - GG
Great Meadow - GRM
Gulfstream Park - GP
Gulfstream Park West - GPW
Hastings Racecourse - HST
Hawthorne - HAW
Hazel Park - HP
Indiana Downs - IND
Keeneland - KEE
Kentucky Downs - KD
Laurel Park - LRL
Lone Star Park - LS
Los Alamitos Race Course - LRC
Louisiana Downs - LAD
Mahoning Valley Racecourse - MVR
Meadowlands - MED
Middleburg - MID
Monmouth Park - MTH
Mountaineer Race Track And Gaming Resort - MNR
Northlands Park - NP
Oaklawn Park - OP
Oak Tree At Pleasanton - OTP
Parx Racing - PRX
Penn National - PEN
Pimlico - PIM
Prairie Meadows - PRM
Presque Isle Downs - PID
Remington Park - RP
Retama Park - RET
Ruidoso Downs - RUI
Sacramento - SAC
Sam Houston Race Park - HOU
Santa Rosa - SR
Santa Anita Park - SA
Saratoga - SAR
Stockton - STK
Suffolk Downs - SUF
Sunland Park - SUN
Sunray Park - SRP
Tampa Bay Downs - TAM
Thistledown - TDN
Timonium - TIM
Turf Paradise - TUP
Turfway Park - TP
Will Rogers Downs - WRD
Woodbine - WO
Zia Park - ZIA
All Available Types
Graded Stakes ($50,000 and up)
Other Stakes ($50,000 and up)
Allowance/Optional Claiming ($30,000/$50,000 and up)
Maiden Special ($20,000 and up)
Maiden Claiming ($20,000 and up)
 





Inside Breeding

Breeding News
Newcomers
Pedigree Analysis
Report of Mares Bred



North American Sire Lists

All Sires
First-Crop Sires
Second-Crop Sires
Third-Crop Sires
Sires of 2YOs
Turf Sires
All-Weather Sires
Sires by AEI
N. American Sires
Broodmare Sires

State & Regional Sire Lists

Select a State or Region
Kentucky Midwest Northeast Mid-Atlantic Southeast Southwest West Coast Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming 



 Search Stallions


 
Advanced Search
Stallion Register Online



Related Sites

TrueNicks






 Search Stallions


 
Advanced Search



North American Sire Lists

All Sires
First-Crop Sires
Second-Crop Sires
Third-Crop Sires
Sires of 2YOs
Turf Sires
All-Weather Sires
Sires by AEI
N. American Sires
Broodmare Sires

State & Regional Sire Lists

Select a State or Region
Kentucky Midwest Northeast Mid-Atlantic Southeast Southwest West Coast Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming 


Int'l Sire Lists

All Sires
By N. Am. Earnings
First-Crop Sires
Second-Crop Sires
Third-Crop Sires
Sires of 2-Year-Olds



Sale Averages
Worldwide Leaders

Sires
Broodmare Sires
Covering Sires

N. American Leaders

Sires
Broodmare Sires





Inside Sales

Sales News
State of the Market
Sale Calendar
Auctions Digest of 2015



Hip-by-Hip Results

Search by Horse
Search by Sale
Search by Price
Search by Buyer/Seller



Leading Sires

Sires
Broodmare Sires
Sires of Sire
Covering Sires



Leading People

Buyers
Consignors
Breeders



Related Sites

Auction Edge
TrueNicks





Inside International

International News
Race Results
Sale Results
International Video



International Sire Lists

All Sires
By N. Am. Earnings
First-Crop Sires
Second-Crop Sires
Third-Crop Sires
Sires of 2-Year-Olds



Search International Race Results
 Date

All Available Tracks
Ascot - ASC
Ayr - AYR
Baden Baden - BAD
Bordeaux Le Bouscat - LBS
Cagnes-Sur-Mer - CSM
Camarero Race Track - CMR
Chantilly - CHY
Chester - CHE
Clairefontaine-Deauville - CD
Compiegne - CMP
Cork - COR
Craon - CRA
Curragh - CUR
Deauville - DEA
Doncaster - DON
Dortmund - DOR
Dundalk - DUN
Dusseldorf - DUS
Epsom - EPS
Fairyhouse - FAH
Fontainebleau - FBL
Galway - GAL
Goodwood - GOO
Gowran Park - GOW
Hamburg - HBG
Hannover - HAN
Haydock Park - HAY
Hoppegarten - HOP
Kempton Park - KEM
Killarney - KIL
Koln - KOL
Krefeld - KRE
La Teste De Buch - BOR
Leopardstown - LEO
Lingfield - LIN
Longchamp - LCH
Lyon-Parilly - LYP
Maisons-Laffitte - ML
Milan - MIL
Munchen - MCH
Naas - NAA
Navan - NAV
Newbury - NBY
Newcastle - NC
Newmarket - NEW
Nottingham - NOT
Pisa - PIS
Pontefract - PON
Rome - ROM
Royal Windsor - WDS
Saint Cloud - STC
Salisbury - SAL
Sandown Park - SAN
Tipperary - TIP
Tokyo - TOK
Toulouse - TOU
Vichy - VHY
York - YOR
All Available Types
Graded Stakes ($50,000 and up)
Other Stakes ($50,000 and up)
Allowance/Optional Claiming ($30,000/$50,000 and up)
Maiden Special ($20,000 and up)
Maiden Claiming ($20,000 and up)
 





Find Horses
 Search Horses


 

2017 Leaders by Earnings

Arrogate
Shaman Ghost
Always Dreaming
Irap
Abel Tasman

View Full List


Trending Horses

Arrogate
Songbird
Princess Victoria
Irap
Tapwrit



Recent Stakes Winners

Miss Ella
Dugaboy Brown
Peppy Miller
Nikki My Darling
Madam Dancealot (IRE)

View Full List





Blog Stable

Hangin' With Haskin
by Steve Haskin

Haskin's Derby Dozen
by Steve Haskin

Unlocking Winners
by J. Keeler Johnson

What's Going On Here
by Blood-Horse Editors

Keeping Pace
by Frank Angst

MarketWatch
by Eric Mitchell

Through the Lens
by Anne M. Eberhardt

TrueNicks
by Byron Rogers & Alan Porter








Choose the magazine edition that works best for you! Subscribe Now


BloodHorse Daily

Free and Brought
to you Daily
Sign Up


Newsletters & Alerts
Sign up for our free weekly email newsletters and alerts, filled with race previews and results, news of the week, or breaking news.
Sign Up




Video


That Handicapping Show
A weekly show dedicated to handicappers and horse players.



All Video
News
Triple Crown
Sales
Race Videos
Breeders' Cup
International
Podcasts



Photos

Slideshows
Photo Store

Special Features

Longform
Interactives
BackTrack



Reports

Free Reports
Premium Reports
Industry Library
Health Zone
Regional Reports
State Medication Rules



Resources

Classifieds
Industry Directory
Stakes Calendar
More Calendars
Shop




Close















Crowdfunding Helps Little Red Feather Buy Horse Share | BloodHorse.com



































 Search BloodHorse.com















					Leading Sire City Zip Dead at 19
				













Crowdfunding Helps Little Red Feather Buy Horse Share



January 13, 2017 4:07 PM


Industry Press Releases, West Region






Print
Email
Facebook

Twitter



Little Red Feather Racing (LRF) announced Jan. 13 that under their recently established LRF Thoroughbred Fund ("Fund"), they have acquired a minority ownership share in three-year-old colt, Cistron.
 
Cistron, by The Factor (out of Major Alie), was purchased as a yearling Hronis Racing LLC and is trained by John Sadler.  The bay colt broke his maiden at Del Mar, December 4 in a one-mile maiden allowance race on the turf.  In his most recent start in the Eddie Logan Stakes at Santa Anita Park, December 30, he finished a respectable third behind winner and previous stakes placed colt, Vending Machine.
 
"It is an honor to know that we have LRF's complete confidence as a horseman and as a family," said Kosta Hronis. "I hope other owners join in the effort as well. It is our responsibility to add to LRF's efforts to expand the sport we love."
 
LRF, established the first-ever equity partnership, under the recently adopted rules set by Title lll of the Jobs Act in August of last year. LRF successfully raised nearly $300,000 in just a few short months.
 
"We are so excited to team up with Kosta on Cistron," said Gary Fenton, LRF's managing partner.  "He is one of the classiest gentlemen in the sport and understands what we need to grow the sport with new owners."
 
Cistron is stabled at Santa Anita Park in Sadler's barn and will remain under his care and conditioning.  His next start is undetermined at this time.   
"We have the budget for one or more additional purchases under this current Crowdfunding initiative," said LRF's founder and managing partner, Billy Koch. "We need more philanthropic owners like Kosta to give back and allow our Crowdfunders the chance of a lifetime with stakes quality horses."

Industry News Releases - In support of Thoroughbred industry organizations, BloodHorse is posting news releases relating to the industry. The releases have not been edited by Blood-Horse. If there are any questions please contact the organization that has produced the news release as directed in the news release.



Related Content





Stakes Winners Featured in Del Mar Paddock Sale





Accelerate Springs Stunning Upset as Arrogate Falters





Stronach Group Explores Expansion into Massachusetts





Baffert Still Aiming Arrogate for Pacific Classic





Focused Hemsworth Entered in Curlin Stakes





Gutsy Move Gets Abel Tasman CCA Oaks Win



139 Cataloged for Texas Yearling and Mixed Sale
Yearling graduates eligible for 2018 Texas Thoroughbred Sales Futurity.





Lady Eli Runs 'One of Her Greatest Races to Date'





Historical Gains in Kentucky






















Most Popular Stories

Stakes Winners Featured in Del Mar Paddock Sale
Accelerate Springs Stunning Upset as Arrogate Falters
Stronach Group Explores Expansion into Massachusetts
Baffert Still Aiming Arrogate for Pacific Classic
Focused Hemsworth Entered in Curlin Stakes
Gutsy Move Gets Abel Tasman CCA Oaks Win
139 Cataloged for Texas Yearling and Mixed Sale
Lady Eli Runs 'One of Her Greatest Races to Date'
Historical Gains in Kentucky
Big World to be Offered at Fasig-Tipton November Sale

























In Today's Edition





Abel Tasman, Elate Exit CCA Oaks in Good Order
Plus news, analysis, entries, results & replays


Download Today's Edition
Or Download the App




BloodHorse Daily


Free and Brought to you Daily
Get the latest insider news, analysis, entries and results on your phone or sent to your email!
  Sign Up






News Sections

Latest News
Racing
Breeding
Sales
International
Pedigree Analysis
BackTrack
Handicapping
TOBA
Press Releases
Triple Crown Breeders' Cup 


Search By Date

PrevNextJuly 2017SuMoTuWeThFrSa      12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031     



Regional News






















Midwest
Kentucky
Southwest
Southeast
Northeast
Mid-Atlantic
West





Inside Racing

Racing News
Race Results & Video
Race Replays
Entries
Stakes Calendar
Handicapping
Triple Crown
Breeders' Cup
Racetracks
Race Meet Calendar
Eclipse Awards



Leaders By Earnings

Horses
Jockeys
Trainers
Owners
Breeders



Search Race Results
 Date

All Available Tracks
Aiken - AIK
Albuquerque - ALB
Aqueduct - AQU
Arapahoe Park - ARP
Arlington Park - AP
Assiniboia Downs - ASD
Belmont Park - BEL
Belterra Park - BTP
Camden - CAM
Canterbury Park - CBY
Charles Town Races & Slots - CT
Churchill Downs - CD
Del Mar - DMR
Delaware Park - DEL
Delta Downs - DED
Ellis Park - ELP
Emerald Downs - EMD
Evangeline Downs - EVD
Fair Meadows - FMT
Fair Grounds - FG
Fairmount Park - FP
Finger Lakes - FL
Fort Erie - FE
Foxfield - FX
Fresno - FNO
Golden Gate Fields - GG
Great Meadow - GRM
Gulfstream Park - GP
Gulfstream Park West - GPW
Hastings Racecourse - HST
Hawthorne - HAW
Hazel Park - HP
Indiana Downs - IND
Keeneland - KEE
Kentucky Downs - KD
Laurel Park - LRL
Lone Star Park - LS
Los Alamitos Race Course - LRC
Louisiana Downs - LAD
Mahoning Valley Racecourse - MVR
Meadowlands - MED
Middleburg - MID
Monmouth Park - MTH
Mountaineer Race Track And Gaming Resort - MNR
Northlands Park - NP
Oaklawn Park - OP
Oak Tree At Pleasanton - OTP
Parx Racing - PRX
Penn National - PEN
Pimlico - PIM
Prairie Meadows - PRM
Presque Isle Downs - PID
Remington Park - RP
Retama Park - RET
Ruidoso Downs - RUI
Sacramento - SAC
Sam Houston Race Park - HOU
Santa Rosa - SR
Santa Anita Park - SA
Saratoga - SAR
Stockton - STK
Suffolk Downs - SUF
Sunland Park - SUN
Sunray Park - SRP
Tampa Bay Downs - TAM
Thistledown - TDN
Timonium - TIM
Turf Paradise - TUP
Turfway Park - TP
Will Rogers Downs - WRD
Woodbine - WO
Zia Park - ZIA
All Available Types
Graded Stakes ($50,000 and up)
Other Stakes ($50,000 and up)
Allowance/Optional Claiming ($30,000/$50,000 and up)
Maiden Special ($20,000 and up)
Maiden Claiming ($20,000 and up)
 





Inside Breeding

Breeding News
Newcomers
Pedigree Analysis
Report of Mares Bred



North American Sire Lists

All Sires
First-Crop Sires
Second-Crop Sires
Third-Crop Sires
Sires of 2YOs
Turf Sires
All-Weather Sires
Sires by AEI
N. American Sires
Broodmare Sires

State & Regional Sire Lists

Select a State or Region
Kentucky Midwest Northeast Mid-Atlantic Southeast Southwest West Coast Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming 



 Search Stallions


 
Advanced Search
Stallion Register Online



Related Sites

TrueNicks






 Search Stallions


 
Advanced Search



North American Sire Lists

All Sires
First-Crop Sires
Second-Crop Sires
Third-Crop Sires
Sires of 2YOs
Turf Sires
All-Weather Sires
Sires by AEI
N. American Sires
Broodmare Sires

State & Regional Sire Lists

Select a State or Region
Kentucky Midwest Northeast Mid-Atlantic Southeast Southwest West Coast Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming 


Int'l Sire Lists

All Sires
By N. Am. Earnings
First-Crop Sires
Second-Crop Sires
Third-Crop Sires
Sires of 2-Year-Olds



Sale Averages
Worldwide Leaders

Sires
Broodmare Sires
Covering Sires

N. American Leaders

Sires
Broodmare Sires





Inside Sales

Sales News
State of the Market
Sale Calendar
Auctions Digest of 2015



Hip-by-Hip Results

Search by Horse
Search by Sale
Search by Price
Search by Buyer/Seller



Leading Sires

Sires
Broodmare Sires
Sires of Sire
Covering Sires



Leading People

Buyers
Consignors
Breeders



Related Sites

Auction Edge
TrueNicks





Inside International

International News
Race Results
Sale Results
International Video



International Sire Lists

All Sires
By N. Am. Earnings
First-Crop Sires
Second-Crop Sires
Third-Crop Sires
Sires of 2-Year-Olds



Search International Race Results
 Date

All Available Tracks
Ascot - ASC
Ayr - AYR
Baden Baden - BAD
Bordeaux Le Bouscat - LBS
Cagnes-Sur-Mer - CSM
Camarero Race Track - CMR
Chantilly - CHY
Chester - CHE
Clairefontaine-Deauville - CD
Compiegne - CMP
Cork - COR
Craon - CRA
Curragh - CUR
Deauville - DEA
Doncaster - DON
Dortmund - DOR
Dundalk - DUN
Dusseldorf - DUS
Epsom - EPS
Fairyhouse - FAH
Fontainebleau - FBL
Galway - GAL
Goodwood - GOO
Gowran Park - GOW
Hamburg - HBG
Hannover - HAN
Haydock Park - HAY
Hoppegarten - HOP
Kempton Park - KEM
Killarney - KIL
Koln - KOL
Krefeld - KRE
La Teste De Buch - BOR
Leopardstown - LEO
Lingfield - LIN
Longchamp - LCH
Lyon-Parilly - LYP
Maisons-Laffitte - ML
Milan - MIL
Munchen - MCH
Naas - NAA
Navan - NAV
Newbury - NBY
Newcastle - NC
Newmarket - NEW
Nottingham - NOT
Pisa - PIS
Pontefract - PON
Rome - ROM
Royal Windsor - WDS
Saint Cloud - STC
Salisbury - SAL
Sandown Park - SAN
Tipperary - TIP
Tokyo - TOK
Toulouse - TOU
Vichy - VHY
York - YOR
All Available Types
Graded Stakes ($50,000 and up)
Other Stakes ($50,000 and up)
Allowance/Optional Claiming ($30,000/$50,000 and up)
Maiden Special ($20,000 and up)
Maiden Claiming ($20,000 and up)
 





Find Horses
 Search Horses


 

2017 Leaders by Earnings

Arrogate
Shaman Ghost
Always Dreaming
Irap
Abel Tasman

View Full List


Trending Horses

Arrogate
Songbird
Princess Victoria
Irap
Tapwrit



Recent Stakes Winners

Miss Ella
Dugaboy Brown
Peppy Miller
Nikki My Darling
Madam Dancealot (IRE)

View Full List





Blog Stable

Hangin' With Haskin
by Steve Haskin

Haskin's Derby Dozen
by Steve Haskin

Unlocking Winners
by J. Keeler Johnson

What's Going On Here
by Blood-Horse Editors

Keeping Pace
by Frank Angst

MarketWatch
by Eric Mitchell

Through the Lens
by Anne M. Eberhardt

TrueNicks
by Byron Rogers & Alan Porter








Choose the magazine edition that works best for you! Subscribe Now


BloodHorse Daily

Free and Brought
to you Daily
Sign Up


Newsletters & Alerts
Sign up for our free weekly email newsletters and alerts, filled with race previews and results, news of the week, or breaking news.
Sign Up




Video


That Handicapping Show
A weekly show dedicated to handicappers and horse players.



All Video
News
Triple Crown
Sales
Race Videos
Breeders' Cup
International
Podcasts



Photos

Slideshows
Photo Store

Special Features

Longform
Interactives
BackTrack



Reports

Free Reports
Premium Reports
Industry Library
Health Zone
Regional Reports
State Medication Rules



Resources

Classifieds
Industry Directory
Stakes Calendar
More Calendars
Shop




Close













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














thoroughbred fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images



Your search for "thoroughbred fund" returned no results.
We're temporarily experiencing connectivity delays due to heavy traffic. Sorry, please come back later.






Answers







Thoroughbred



The Thoroughbred is a horse breed best known for its use in horse racing. Although the word thoroughbred is sometimes used to refer to any breed of...

more






StartEngine



Agriculture Portage, IN 432 $640,500 Completed LRF Thoroughbred Fund, LLC Sports Woodland Hills, CA 182 $292,500 Completed Snapwire Media Inc. Software...

more






National Thoroughbred Racing Association



startup funding provided by Breeders' Cup Limited, Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association, The Jockey Club, Keeneland Association, Oak Tree...

more










thoroughbred fund News






​Black boerboel wins round one in thoroughbred dogfight



Mail & Guardian National Feed

 - Jul 19


The South African government had no right to impose a ban on the sale of the highly sought-after black boerboel, a state appeals board has found. Questions about whether the black boerboel — a...

more





Thoroughbred: The £1.5m SCG 003 road-racer



The First Post Features

 - Jul 19


Road-going race cars are becoming something of a rarity in the motoring industry, with the majority of carmakers basing their performance cars on their existing road cars to either cut costs or...

more





Wanted to join Downs thoroughbred sire ranks



thechronicle.com.au: Sport

 - Jul 20


GROUP One winning sprinter and son of champion sire Fastnet Rock, Wanted, is set to join the Darling Downs thoroughbred sire list. He starts stud duties at Clear Mountain Fairview this season after...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








