





Lubin, Daniel C. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Daniel C. Lubin
Daniel C. Lubin is a Managing Partner of Radius Ventures, LLC, which
acts as the investment advisor to both Radius Funds. Previously, Mr.
Lubin was a Director in the Investment Banking Division at Schroder
Wertheim & Co., where he shared responsibility for managing the Health
Care Group. He co-founded and was a Managing Director of KBL Healthcare
Inc., a health and life sciences venture capital and investment banking
organization, and served as President and Chief Operating Officer of KBL
Healthcare Acquisition Corp., a publicly-traded strategic acquisition
fund. His prior affiliations include Manufacturers Hanover Trust
Company, where he served as a lending officer in the International
Banking Division, and the Center for Strategic and International
Studies, where he served as Special Assistant to the Chairman. He was a
Founder of Cambridge Heart, Inc., a cardiology device company that went
public in 1996. Mr. Lubin currently serves on the Board of Directors of
Phylogix, Inc., and EyeTel Imaging, Inc., each portfolio companies of
Radius. He also serves on the National Leadership Council of The
Haverford School. He earned a BS cum laude in Foreign Service from the
Georgetown University School of Foreign Service and an MBA with honors
from Harvard Business School.
Related Interviews:VENTURE CAPITAL OPPORTUNITIES IN PRIVATE COMPANIES: DANIEL LUBIN - RADIUS VENTURES LLCOctober 04, 2004Venture Investing In Health & Life Sciences: Daniel Lubin - Radius VenturesSeptember 23, 2003







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundPaula R. Wieck Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesBuy ($25)Managing Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsJeffrey P. CornellMichael S. Jordan Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AAPL GOOG SAP NSRGY Buy ($25)Identifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up ProcessRahul  Sharma Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: 600690 GE ASX TSM HDFC LUKOY XOM TOT RDS/A IBULHSGFIN ARCLK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundManaging Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsIdentifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up Process 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google


















Radius Ventures is a venture capital firm that invests in leading edge, growth-stage health and life sciences companies.











About
\
Team
\
Approach
\
Criteria
\
Portfolio
\
Press
\
Contact






Investment Professionals

Jordan S. Davis
Daniel C. Lubin
Edward G. Murphy, M.D.
Imraan Ahmed
Neenah Jain
Venture Partners

Vincent S. Conti
James M. Mead
George M. Milne, Jr., Ph.D.
Advisory Board
Strategic Relationships
Limited Partners



Team














Daniel C. Lubin
Managing Partner



Daniel C. Lubin is a Managing Partner and co-founder of Radius, which acts as 
the Investment Advisor to the Radius Funds. In his role at Radius, Daniel 
focuses on the firm's investment effort in the healthcare services and IT 
sector, and represents Radius on the boards of Healthsense, Inc. (Chairman, 
2009-2013), Management Health Solutions, Inc., Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc. and Aethon, 
Inc., all Radius portfolio companies. 

Previously, he was a Director in the Investment Banking Division of Schroder 
Wertheim & Co., with co-responsibility for managing the firm’s Health Care 
Group. He co-founded and was Managing Director of KBL Healthcare Inc., a health 
and life sciences venture capital and investment banking organization, and 
served as President and Chief Operating Officer of KBL Healthcare Acquisition 
Corp. 

In addition to his Radius boards, Daniel serves on the Board of Trustees of 
Riverdale Country School (Riverdale, NY), and the Board of Trustees of the 
Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress (Washington, D.C.). He 
formerly served on the Board of Trustees of The Haverford School (Haverford, 
PA), and served as Chairman of the Advisory Council of mHIMSS (2012), the global 
mobile health initiative launched by the Health Information and Management 
Systems Society (HIMSS). He has been a guest lecturer at Harvard Business 
School, Wharton Business School, Columbia Business School and Columbia Law 
School on the topics of venture capital and asset management. 

He earned a B.S. cum laude in Foreign Service from the Georgetown University 
School of Foreign Service and an M.B.A. with honors from Harvard Business 
School.






© Radius Ventures, LLC.  All rights reserved.










Daniel C. Lubin: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 10:28 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Radius Ventures, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Daniel C. Lubin  Managing Partner and Co-Founder, Radius Ventures, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 8 different industries.See Board Relationships56--
Background

		Mr. Daniel C. Lubin, also known as Dan, is a Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Radius Ventures, LLC. At Radius, Mr. Lubin focuses on its investment effort in the healthcare services and Information Technology sector. Mr. Lubin serves as the President of the Heart Research Institute of St. Michael's Medical Center. From July 1994 to March 1997, he was an investment banker at Schroder Wertheim & Co., served as a Director in Investment Banking Division, where he shared ... responsibility for managing the health care group. He served as Managing Director at KBL Healthcare Ventures. Mr. Lubin co-founded and was a Managing Director at KBL Healthcare, Inc. He founded KBL Healthcare Acquisition Corp. and served as the President, Chief Operating Officer and Director through its acquisition of Concord Health Group, Inc. Mr. Lubin remained a Director at Concord until its acquisition by The Multicare Companies, Inc. in 1996. His prior affiliations include the Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company and the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), where Mr. Lubin served as a Special Assistant to the Chairman. He was the Founder of Cambridge Heart, Inc. He served as Chairman of Healthsense, Inc. from 2009-2013. He also serves on the Advisory Board at Psilos Group Partners, L.P. He has been a guest lecturer at Harvard Business School, Wharton Business School, Columbia Business School and Columbia Law School on the topics of venture capital and asset management. Mr. Lubin serves as the Chairman of Upsher Asset Management. He serves as a Director at CCS Consolidated, Inc., Comprehensive Neuroscience, Inc., Management Health Solutions, Inc.  MHS Holding Company, Inc and OMS Partners, Inc. Mr. Lubin has been a Director of Health Sense, Inc. since October 26, 2010. He has been an Independent Director at Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc, since June 2014. Mr. Lubin has been a Director of Healthsense, Inc. since October 2010. Mr. Lubin serves on the Board of Trustees at The Haverford School. He served as a Director of Patient Infosystems Inc. since January 2005. He served on the Boards of Aethon Inc. and Comprehensive Clinical Development, Inc. In addition, he serves on the Board of Trustees of The Haverford School; the Board of Trustees of Riverdale Country School; as well as the National Counsel of Advisors for the Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress. He served as Chairman of the Advisory Council of mHIMSS. He served as a Director of Bio-Lok International Inc., Phylogix, Inc., and EyeTel Imaging, Inc. He served as a Director of CareGuide, Inc. from January 25, 2006 to May 2007. Mr. Lubin earned an M.B.A. with honors from Harvard Business School and a B.S., cum laude, in Foreign Service from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
250 Park AvenueNew York, New York 10177United StatesPhone: 212-897-7778Fax: 212-397-2656
Board Members Memberships
DirectorManagement Health Solutions, Inc.DirectorMHS Holding Company, Inc.ChairmanUpsher Asset Management2010-PresentDirectorHealthsense, Inc.2014-PresentIndependent DirectorTabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc.
Education
MBA Harvard Business SchoolBS Georgetown University
Other Affiliations
KBL Healthcare VenturesComprehensive Clinical Development, Inc.CareGuide, Inc.Patient Infosystems Inc.Bio-Lok International Inc.Harvard Business SchoolPhylogix, Inc.EyeTel Imaging, Inc.Radius Venture Partners II, L.P.Georgetown UniversityAethon Inc.Radius Venture Partners IIIHealthsense, Inc.Management Health Solutions, Inc.MHS Holding Company, Inc.Upsher Asset ManagementTabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Radius Ventures, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Daniel C Lubin - Las Vegas, NV | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Daniel C Lubin in Las Vegas, NV


Daniel C Lubin

                                                                           Intelius found that Daniel C Lubin  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Las Vegas, NV.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Dan  Lubin


Get Report Now

Age

Daniel C Lubin is in his 50s

Daniel Has Lived In

Las Vegas, NV
Bronx, NY

Daniel's Relatives

Eleanore Lubin
Miriam Lubin







Daniel C Lubin



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Table Games Project Manager at Galaxy Gaming Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Daniel? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Daniel, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Daniel C Lubin
Get a Criminal Check on Daniel C Lubin
Get a Public Record Report on Daniel C Lubin
Get a People Search Report on Daniel C Lubin


Daniel C Lubin's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Daniel C Lubin has lived as well as Daniel C Lubin's phone numbers and email addresses.




Daniel C Lubin Has Lived in 2 States
Nevada Address for Daniel C Lubin


4955 J******* S* 

Las Vegas, NV


Has Lived In

Las Vegas, NV
Bronx, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Daniel C Lubin

(702) ***-**** - Las Vegas, NV 
(702) ***-**** - Las Vegas, NV 
(702) ***-**** - Las Vegas, NV 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Daniel C Lubin

d****n@***.net
d******a@***.com
d*****2@***.com


Get Email Report




Daniel C Lubin's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Daniel C Lubin's academic history.  Find out which schools Daniel C Lubin attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Daniel C Lubin received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Daniel C Lubin Has Attended 4 Schools
Metropolitan College of New York 2000 – 2004               Daniel C Lubin has a Bba in Accounting, Marketing               
Metropolitan College of New York               2000 – 2004               Daniel C Lubin has a Bba, in Accounting, Marketing               
Metropolitan College of New York               2000 – 2004               Daniel C Lubin has a Bba, Accounting, Marketing in Accounting               
Manual Arts High School               1974 – 1978                              


Daniel C Lubin's Professional Information
Information regarding Daniel C Lubin's professional history.  Find out previous places Daniel C Lubin has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Daniel C Lubin Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: Galaxy Gaming Inc
               Title: Table Games Project Manager
Company: Table Games Vendor
               Title: Manager, Table Games Development
Daniel C Lubin's Experience
Title: Table Games Project Manager
               Company: Galaxy Gaming Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $5 mil to less than $10 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100. Headquartered in Las Vegas, Galaxy Gaming (www.galaxygaming.com)develops, manufactures and distributes innovative proprietary table games, state-of-the-art electronic wagering platforms and enhanced bonusing systems to land-based, riverboat, cruise ships and online casinos worldwide. Through its iGaming partner, Games Marketing, Ltd., Galaxy Gaming licenses its proprietary table games to the online gaming industry. The Company is also expanding its global presence through its partnership with WPT Enterprises, Inc., owner of the World Poker Tour. Galaxy Gaming is also the exclusive provider of SpectrumVision, a proprietary technology used to detect invisible markings on playing cards. Galaxys games can be played online at FeelTheRush.com. Connect with Galaxy on Facebook, YouTube and Twitter.
Title: Manager, Table Games Development
               Company: Table Games Vendor
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Daniel C Lubin

 See Daniel C Lubin's LinkedIn Profile



Daniel C Lubin's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Daniel C Lubin


Daniel C Lubin's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Daniel C Lubin's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Daniel Lubin
Username Matches

                  DanielLubin
                  LubinDaniel
                  Daniel.Lubin
                  Lubin.Daniel
                  Daniel_Lubin
                  Lubin_Daniel
                  Daniel-Lubin
                  Lubin-Daniel
                  DLubin
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Lubin







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















The Sustainability Imperative


























































2/3 Free Articles leftRemaining 



Register for more

 | 


Subscribe + Save!















MENU

 





 













SUGGESTED TOPICS








 

 


Subscribe



  Hi, 




Sign In
Register






Items added to cart

Your Shopping Cart is empty.
Visit our store




 









MY LIBRARY
TOPIC FEEDS
PURCHASES
ACTIVITY
ACCOUNT SETTINGS
EMAIL PREFERENCES
LOG OUT










SUGGESTED TOPICS
































										Loading...
									





Sustainability

The Sustainability Imperative


David A. LubinDaniel C. Esty


From the May 2010 Issue
					









 SAVE
 SHARE
COMMENT
 TEXT SIZE
 PRINT
 PDF
8.95 BUY COPIES





















View more from the

May 2010 Issue






Explore the Archive












										Loading...
									






 The Idea in Brief 

The Big Idea: Business history is marked by periods of relative stability punctuated by fundamental shifts in the competitive landscape that create inescapable threats and game-changing opportunities. Sustainability is an emerging business megatrend, like electrification and mass production, that will profoundly affect companies’ competitiveness and even their survival. 
The argument: Understanding how leaders competed in previous megatrends—specifically, the quality movement and the rise of IT—can help companies craft the strategies they’ll need to gain advantage in this one. 
A better approach: The road map is clear: Create a vision that moves systematically through four stages of value creation, starting with defensive tactics and then moving to offensive strategies. 
Then establish and integrate execution capabilities in five key areas: leadership, assessment, strategy development, management integration, and reporting and communication.


Most executives know that how they respond to the challenge of sustainability will profoundly affect the competitiveness—and perhaps even the survival—of their organizations. Yet most are flailing around, launching a hodgepodge of initiatives without any overarching vision or plan. That’s not because they don’t see sustainability as a strategic issue. Rather, it’s because they think they’re facing an unprecedented journey for which there is no road map.
But there is a road map. Our research into the forces that have shaped the competitive landscape in recent decades reveals that “business megatrends” have features and trajectories in common. Sustainability is an emerging megatrend, and thus its course is to some extent predictable. Understanding how firms won in prior megatrends can help executives craft the strategies and systems they’ll need to gain advantage in this one.
The concept of megatrends is not new, of course. Businessman and author John Naisbitt popularized the term in his 1982 best seller of the same name, referring to incipient societal and economic shifts such as globalization, the rise of the information society, and the move from hierarchical organizations to networks.
Our focus is on business megatrends, which force fundamental and persistent shifts in how companies compete. Such transformations arise from technological innovation or from new ways of doing business, and many factors can launch or magnify the process of change. Business megatrends may emerge from or be accelerated by financial crises, shifts in the social realities that define the marketplace, or the threat of conflict over resources. The geopolitics of the Cold War, for example, drove the innovations that launched both the space race and rapid developments in the field of microelectronics—ultimately unleashing the information technology megatrend. Electrification, the rise of mass production, and globalization were also megatrends, as was the quality movement of the 1970s and 1980s. The common thread among them is that they presented inescapable strategic imperatives for corporate leaders.
Why do we think sustainability qualifies as an emerging megatrend? Over the past 10 years, environmental issues have steadily encroached on businesses’ capacity to create value for customers, shareholders, and other stakeholders. Globalized workforces and supply chains have created environmental pressures and attendant business liabilities. The rise of new world powers, notably China and India, has intensified competition for natural resources (especially oil) and added a geopolitical dimension to sustainability. “Externalities” such as carbon dioxide emissions and water use are fast becoming material—meaning that investors consider them central to a firm’s performance and stakeholders expect companies to share information about them. 


Over the past 10 years, environmental issues have steadily encroached on businesses’ capacity to create value for customers.


These forces are magnified by escalating public and governmental concern about climate change, industrial pollution, food safety, and natural resource depletion, among other issues. Consumers in many countries are seeking out sustainable products and services or leaning on companies to improve the sustainability of traditional ones. Governments are interceding with unprecedented levels of new regulation—from the recent SEC ruling that climate risk is material to investors to the EPA’s mandate that greenhouse gases be regulated as a pollutant.
Further fueling this megatrend, thousands of companies are placing strategic bets on innovation in energy efficiency, renewable power, resource productivity, and pollution control. (See the sidebar “Fueling the Megatrend.”) What this all adds up to is that managers can no longer afford to ignore sustainability as a central factor in their companies’ long-term competitiveness. 

Fueling the Megatrend

Venture investing in clean tech reached a nearly $9 billion annual run rate in 2008 and shows signs of growing again after a slowdown in 2009. The flow of private-sector investment into the clean tech marketplace has been estimated at more than $200 billion a year—with fast growth not just in the United States and Europe but in China, India, and the developing world. And G20 governments have earmarked some $400 billion of their $2.6 trillion in stimulus funds for clean tech and sustainability programs.


Learning from the Past: Quality and IT
Megatrends require businesses to adapt and innovate or be swept aside. So what can businesses learn from previous megatrends? Consider the quality movement. The quality revolution was about innovation in the core set of tools and methods that companies used to manage much of what they do. Quality as a central element of strategy, rather than a tactical tool, smashed previous cost versus fitness-for-use barriers, which meant the table stakes were dramatically raised for all companies. The information technology revolution was about tangible technology breakthroughs that fundamentally altered business capabilities and redefined how companies do much of what they do. Digital technologies deeply penetrated corporations in the 1980s and 1990s, and the trend accelerated as IT made its way into the daily lives of workers and consumers with the advent of desktop computing and the internet. 
  
In both the IT and quality business megatrends—as in others we’ve studied—the market leaders evolved through four principal stages of value creation: First, they focused on reducing cost, risks, and waste and delivering proof-of-value. Second, they redesigned selected products, processes, or business functions to optimize their performance—in essence, progressing from doing old things in new ways to doing new things in new ways. Third, they drove revenue growth by integrating innovative approaches into their core strategies. Fourth, they differentiated their value propositions through new business models that used these innovations to enhance corporate culture, brand leadership, and other intangibles to secure durable competitive advantage.
The quality story.
The economic downturn of the late 1970s, coupled with the 1979 oil shock, drove a dramatic shift in consumer preferences toward efficiency. Many industries were transformed, perhaps none more dramatically than the automotive sector. Of course, the seeds of change had been planted earlier. In the years after World War II, Japan had rebuilt its industrial infrastructure on a model of high-volume, low-cost factories that mass-produced goods of questionable durability and quality. “Made in Japan” was not considered a brand asset. By the mid 1970s, however, Japanese government and business leaders had seized upon the ideas of Edwards Deming and others who stressed quality as a core value. This incremental, process-oriented approach to systematic improvement fit well with Japanese executives’ views on how to drive change to compete effectively in the global market. Leading firms including Toyota and Honda embraced Total Quality Management (TQM) methods, fundamentally shifting their value propositions. Quality methods called into question the assumptions managers had relied on for decades, namely that high quality and affordability were mutually exclusive.







The focus on quality—initially adopted as a means of reducing defects—delivered a greater advantage to companies that took a holistic view and drove changes across their business operations. The famed Toyota Way applied quality methods to every stage of value creation from concept to customer—and ultimately to intangibles such as brand, reputation, and corporate culture. The reputational harm Toyota is experiencing thanks to the recent recalls underscores how important quality continues to be to the firm’s central value proposition. Toyota’s current troubles also highlight the need for firms to align core elements of strategy. In this case, the dissonance between its long-term quality strategy and a more recent topline growth strategy has seriously undermined Toyota’s model for value creation.
Rey Moore, the former chief quality officer at Motorola, describes a similar evolutionary process at the communications giant. Like most firms, Motorola first used quality methods to improve fault and error detection and thus reduce cost, waste, and risk. As those methods proved valuable, the company began to redesign manufacturing processes and product development functions to proactively reduce risks of product failures, functional inadequacies, and other inefficiencies rather than simply detect them. As quality’s potential business impact grew, Motorola developed Six Sigma methods and a standardized tool kit including items like Pareto charts and root-cause analysis models to take quality to scale. Eventually, quality became a defining attribute of Motorola’s brand and culture and a source of competitive advantage. The same story unfolded at firms in all industry sectors as leading companies rode the quality wave to enhanced growth and profitability—delivering a clear quality premium for their shareholders. 

Capturing the Eco-Premium

Companies that excel in sustainability make shifts in five key areas, moving from tactical, ad hoc, and siloed approaches to strategic, systematic, and integrated ones. 


Elevate LeadershipIndividual departmental leadershipC-Level leadership that links sustainability strategy with initiatives and outcomes, and develops shared goals in partnership with suppliers, customers, and other stakeholdersSystematize Methods and ModelsImprecise, inconsistently used tools that track discrete projectsProfessionalized green business analysis through systematic use of specialized tools (e.g., scenario planning, risk modeling) and new certifications and standardsAlign Strategy and DeploymentUnconnected tactical programs and initiativesMegatrend-based initiatives aligned with core business strategies and embedded in operating plansIntegrate ManagementSiloed ResponsibilityShared accountability through integrated objectives and performance evaluationSystematize Reporting and CommunicationAd hoc reporting using nonstandardized toolsSustainability scorecards that enable benchmarking, best practice comparisons, and consistent internal and external communication



The IT story.
When the recession of 1982 hit, pressure mounted at many companies to increase productivity, particularly by using emerging information technology innovations to drive cost savings. The early returns on these efforts were mixed. As with quality, skeptics described IT as a black hole into which firms poured money with little return. But some corporate leaders saw that the strategic application of IT could drive growth and provide decisive advantage. American Airlines, a classic example, captured more than 40% of all U.S. airline transactions thanks to its innovative Sabre reservations system.
A lesser known case is American Hospital Supply’s deployment of a revolutionary online purchasing system, which allowed hospitals to order medical supplies electronically, reducing costs, time, and errors for both the company and its customers. Over the next decade, the Analytic Systems Automatic Purchasing system—better known as ASAP—transformed how AHS delivered value to its customers.
Building on its success improving efficiency and reducing inventory risk, the firm developed service innovations that enabled it to deliver any product from any manufacturer at any time from any desktop computer to any hospital supply room. In the process, AHS amassed an extensive product and price database that gave AHS a clear advantage over less nimble competitors. Finally, AHS used IT to evolve its business model. The company, which had been a single-source materials provider to its hospital clients, began taking over their inventory management and procurement processes. This IT-driven innovation established the AHS brand as the leader in its business with a competitive edge based originally on price and later on service and helped the company grow earnings from $42 million in 1974 to $237 million in 1984.
The IT and quality megatrends show us that firms seeking to gain advantage in sustainability will have to solve two problems simultaneously: formulating a vision for value creation and executing on it. In other words, they must rethink what they do in order to capture this evolving source of value; and they must recast how they operate, expanding their capacity to execute with new management structures, methods, executive roles, and processes tailored to sustainability’s demands. 
  
Getting the Vision Right
Just as winners in previous megatrends outperformed competitors by following a staged evolution in strategy, so too must companies hoping to lead (or even compete) in the emerging sustainability wave. The idea that mastering sustainability should follow a multistage approach is already apparent. In 2006, one of us (Esty) with coauthor Andrew Winston described such a strategy in Green to Gold. The framework has since been extended, notably by Ram Nidumolu, C.K. Prahalad, and M.R. Rangaswami in their article “Why Sustainability Is Now the Key Driver of Innovation” (HBR September 2009). As was the case in the IT and quality megatrends, pioneering companies in sustainability often start by focusing on risk and cost reduction and over time develop strategies for increasing value creation, ultimately including intangibles such as brand and culture. Let’s examine the four stages of value creation.
Stage 1: Do old things in new ways.
Firms focus on outperforming competitors on regulatory compliance and environment-related cost and risk management. In doing so, they develop proof cases for the value of eco-efficiency. At its inception 30 years ago, 3M’s Pollution Prevention Pays was just this kind of initiative. As of 2005, PPP had reduced 3M pollutants by more than 2.6 billion pounds and saved the company more than $1 billion. It also laid the foundation for the nearly completed Environmental Targets 2005–2010 program, which will reduce expenses related to energy usage, emissions, and waste by another 20%.
Stage 2: Do new things in new ways.
Firms engage in widespread redesign of products, processes, and whole systems to optimize natural resource efficiencies and risk management across their value chains. DuPont’s “zero waste” commitment, for instance, increased the company’s prioritization of eco-efficiency across their operations. Its decision to shed businesses with big eco-footprints, such as carpets and nylon, was based on an analysis that the business and environmental risks would outweigh their potential contribution to future earnings.
Stage 3: Transform core business.
As the vision expands further, sustainability innovations become the source of new revenues and growth. Dow’s sweeping 2015 Sustainability Goals, designed to drive innovation across its many lines of business, yielded new products or technology breakthroughs in areas from solar roof shingles to hybrid batteries. The core business, which had traditionally relied on commodity chemicals, has shifted toward advanced materials and high-tech energy opportunities.
Stage 4: New business model creation and differentiation.
At the highest level, firms exploit the megatrend as a source of differentiation in business model, brand, employee engagement, and other intangibles, fundamentally repositioning the company and redefining its strategy for competitive advantage. GE’s ecomagination initiative, poised to deliver $25 billion in revenues in 2010, enabled CEO Jeff Immelt not just to reposition the company as an energy and environmental solutions provider but to build a green aura into the GE brand.
Getting Execution Right
Gaining advantage in a megatrend is not just about vision—it’s also about execution in five critical areas: leadership, methods, strategy, management, and reporting. In each area, companies must transition from tactical, ad hoc, and siloed approaches to strategic, systematic, and integrated ones. 








Advice for First Movers

Don’t rest on your green laurels. As we have seen in other business megatrends, early leaders are not guaranteed enduring competitive advantage. Continued innovation is required to stay in front of the pack. Thus, even for those who manage a megatrend well and emerge at the top of a transformed market, the premium does not last indefinitely. For example, Wang led the world into office computing but failed to keep up as mainframes gave way to desktop computers. And while American Hospital Supply gained a substantial marketplace advantage by being an early mover in advanced information management in the health care sector, the competition eventually caught up and copied AHS’s IT innovations. Nevertheless, the company’s leadership in the IT wave allowed it to deliver superior value to its shareholders for a decade—not a bad ride.


Leadership.
When CIOs first came on the scene, the role was ill-defined and narrowly focused. A limited set of problems was seen as suitable for IT solutions. Now CIOs play undisputed strategic roles with implications for all functions and business units. Strategic sustainability initiatives need similar C-level leadership. While many companies now have chief sustainability officers, the role varies tremendously from firm to firm. CEOs must make a commitment to institutionalizing this new executive position and allocating the necessary resources and responsibilities.
The CSO will be essential to moving companies through the sustainability stages. Like the CIO, a chief sustainability officer helps the CEO and executive team visualize goals and professionalize the process of aligning vision with business strategy. That means redefining performance expectations, specifying accountability, tracking results, and rewarding success. As best practices bubble up in individual units, the CSO is responsible for ensuring that they’re disseminated widely and that the skills needed to execute are available. 
  
Many firms are now accustomed to working with partners and suppliers in formulating their vision and goals, but a CSO must broaden and deepen those links as companies are increasingly held responsible for their entire value chain and product life cycle. Sustainability leadership must put a premium on developing shared goals with a broad set of stakeholders—customers, interest groups, and even competitors and adversaries. Coca-Cola, for instance, has worked intensively with its bottling partners to “light weight” its packaging, cutting greenhouse gas emissions and generating savings in the tens of millions of dollars. It has also made a commitment, in cooperation with its bottlers and the World Wildlife Fund, among other NGOs, to “water neutrality”—an initiative that will reduce its strategic risk and environmental impact by replenishing watersheds to the full extent of the water it extracts. In response to urging by Greenpeace, Coca-Cola announced in December 2009 that all its new vending machines and coolers would be HFC-free by 2015, reducing the equipment’s greenhouse gas emissions by 99%.
Methods for assessing value.
With a sustainability vision in place, the executive team must marshal specialized capabilities for weighing options and quantifying benefits and risks. Just as the quality and IT megatrends ushered in new skill sets and fresh perspectives, the sustainability megatrend will require firms to update traditional business tools—business-case analysis, trend spotting, scenario planning, risk modeling, and even cost accounting—to encompass the specialized requirements of environmental sustainability.
Most current methods that companies use to track or project sustainability impacts generate inconsistent, incomplete, and imprecise data. Recognizing that if they can’t measure it, they can’t manage it, companies are developing better means of gauging corporate-sustainability-related costs and benefits and of benchmarking performance. Fujitsu, for instance, employs a performance assessment scorecard—its “cost green index”—that assesses the potential cost, productivity, and environmental impacts of eco-efficiency initiatives across the firm. 

Evidence of an Eco-Premium 

Recent academic studies offer new data correlating strong environmental or sustainability performance with superior financial returns. Notably, Julie Fox Gorte’s analysis of a 2009 Mercer research survey examining several dozen studies found that firms with better social and environmental performance tend to have lower costs of capital associated with lower risk. The evidence is thus mounting that improved environmental risk management helps firms reduce volatility in shareholder value and earnings performance. We see this potential boost in shareholder value tied to the successful execution of sustainability strategy—what we call an eco-premium—as a further signal of the emerging megatrend’s strength.


Other companies are repurposing standardized tools and methods to bring a sustainability focus to all aspects of the business. For example, 3M, a longtime quality leader, is now applying lean Six Sigma methodologies originally aimed at improving operational efficiency and product quality to driving direct reductions in energy use, waste, and greenhouse gas emissions. To meet aggressive five-year sustainability targets, its Six Sigma leadership group has trained 55,000 employees in how to use these methods. As sustainability-related methods and tools mature, we expect training programs and certifications not unlike certified IT roles or black and green belts in the quality domain to emerge.
Strategy development.
Once firms have a solid base of analytical data, they will be positioned to develop distinctive sustainability strategies. Many aspects of strategy development will remain internal, but companies will increasingly adopt open-source approaches that engage outsiders.
Perhaps more than any other company, Wal-Mart has pursued this approach. In 2006, then-CEO Lee Scott launched Sustainability 360, establishing explicit goals to purchase 100% renewable energy, create zero waste, slash greenhouse gas emissions, and sell “products that sustain our resources and the environment.” To this end, Wal-Mart created a dozen Sustainable Value Networks, each comprising Wal-Mart team members, NGO experts, academics, government officials, and supplier representatives, all working under the direction of a Wal-Mart network captain. Each team focuses on a strategic issue targeted by the company’s sustainability agenda—such as facilities, packaging, and logistics—and tries to develop new ways of doing business that support the company’s sustainability goals. The payoffs are already showing up: One of the Sustainable Value Networks, tasked with fleet logistics, came up with a transportation strategy that improved efficiency by 38%, saving Wal-Mart more than $200 million annually and cutting its greenhouse gas emissions by 200,000 tons per year.
Management integration.
To capture the full benefits of the megatrend-driven strategy, firms must integrate sustainability objectives into day-to-day management. Leadership may come from headquarters, but responsibility for implementation lies in the field. Firms such as Dow have incorporated sustainability objectives into compensation models, reviews, and other management processes, including a requirement that all newly promoted business unit managers review their units’ sustainability plans with senior management within 90 days.
Managing sustainability strategy requires systems support as well. While many firms have invested in technology to record and report environmental events such as spills and waste disposal, others have gone much further. Wayne Balta, head of Corporate Environmental Affairs at IBM, describes his company’s environmental management system as the foundation for policy deployment, practice management, goal setting, decision making, and data capture. IBM uses the technology to embed environmental strategies into all areas of the business, from R&D to operations to end-of-life product disposal. 
  
Reporting and communication.
As public scrutiny, governmental regulation, and customer expectations intensify, companies will need to build capabilities in sustainability reporting. For example, they will need to share information on their response to emerging environmental standards, such as the EPA’s proposed greenhouse gas emissions reporting regulations, and on the financial impacts of the sustainability megatrend to employees, shareholders, and other stakeholders. Developing metrics that allow companies to measure benefits and understand costs is essential to adapting and refining their strategy, as well as communicating results. And Wall Street will increasingly demand evidence that sustainability investments are generating returns.
We see substantial room for improved sustainability communications, particularly among companies with a strong commitment to lead in this arena. Our firm has conducted evaluations of dozens of companies along 35 dimensions of sustainability management. When the assessments were based only on publicly available information and a company’s external reporting, we got scores that were almost always lower, and often significantly so, than scores developed in consultation with the company and with full inside information.
We’ve found a few companies that are leading the way toward the sort of expanded sustainability reporting that we anticipate will become standard practice. Timberland’s sustainability reports, for example, include numerous metrics on pollution and use of natural resources. The company has also broken new ground in providing product-level environmental-impact information to its customers with labeling that resembles the Nutrition Facts labels on food.
Building a Sustainability Performance System
By joining a vision of sustainability value creation (the “what we must do”) with evolving execution capabilities (the “how we must do it”), firms develop what we call a sustainability performance system. Depending on their sophistication in both realms, and their desire to use sustainability as a competitive weapon, they’ll fall into one of four categories:
Losers.
As the sustainability megatrend accelerates, firms that have put in place only modest cost, risk, and waste initiatives and whose vision and strategies are vaguely conceived or disjointed will find it increasingly difficult to protect their position. It may be too early to see clear examples of firms that have lost their competitive position based on the failure to develop and execute sustainability strategies, but the casualties from other megatrends like quality and IT abound. GM’s decline can clearly be traced to its earlier failure to understand how quality considerations would transform the auto industry. Likewise, Kodak’s dominant position in photography eroded quickly as it missed or ignored the signals that digital technologies would displace film.
Defenders.
Some firms may choose a “go slow” sustainability strategy for many reasons—the peculiarities of their industry sector or business processes, their environmental exposure, or other competitive considerations. Others will be content to make investments in the early-stage objectives of cost, risk, and waste management. This defensive posture can work, provided the gap between a go-slow company’s market position and that of primary competitors does not grow too large and the company has execution capabilities commensurate with the complexity of its business. Maersk, the Danish shipping company, has focused its sustainability efforts on efficiency, slashing fuel costs and cutting carbon dioxide emissions through slow-speed shipping and other initiatives. As long as others in the shipping business do not pursue a more sweeping sustainability strategy, perhaps built on more-efficient ship design, Maersk should be able to hold its position. Indeed, many companies may find that their best option is to play defense on sustainability and not try to make this the issue on which they differentiate themselves in the marketplace.
Dreamers.
When vision and ambition get too far ahead of the capacity to execute, companies face another set of issues. Those that seek first-mover advantages in the later stages of sustainability differentiation without having mapped out a clear strategy and mastered the fundamentals of execution may experience the same kinds of problems that plagued some aspiring pioneers in the quality and IT megatrends. For instance, the London Stock Exchange’s vision of a paperless settlement system was a bold move and one that managers believed would catapult the organization ahead of its peers. Managers optimistically ballparked the cost at £6 million and jumped in with both feet. By the time the exchange acknowledged that it lacked the management and technical capabilities to execute this leading-edge IT project, in 1993, the tab had shot past £400 million, with no end in sight. 


Like the IT and quality megatrends, sustainability will touch every function, every business line, every employee.


Dreamers who try to ride the sustainability wave risk making sustainability promises they can’t keep, inviting charges of greenwashing and the attendant reputational and financial harm. Some years ago, Ford Motor Company suffered from Bill Ford’s attempts to green his business before his management team was ready. His unfulfilled commitments to improve SUV fuel economy and make Ford a leader in hybrid vehicles brought the wrath of environmental groups. His successor, Alan Mullaly, has moved Ford forward with new models that feature advanced materials, smart systems, and high efficiency, enabling the automaker to withstand the current downturn better than domestic competitors and positioning Ford for success. 
  
Winners.
Although the sustainability landscape continues to shift, some early winners have emerged. GE’s financial services business has lagged badly, but its ecomagination product line has generated tens of billions of dollars in revenues and positioned the company as a leader in rapidly growing market segments such as energy infrastructure and high-efficiency appliances, jet engines, and locomotives. The ecomagination marketing campaign has also had a halo effect, helping GE transform its reputation from environmental bad actor to sustainability front-runner. Similarly, Clorox’s Greenworks line of eco-friendly cleaning products has reframed the public’s perception of the company—and generated billions of dollars of sales. Clorox’s acquisition of Burt’s Bees, a leader in natural personal care products, further convinced environmental stakeholders that the company’s shift in strategy was both sincere and significant. 

Making a Sustainability Winner

Companies seeking competitive advantage from sustainability must match innovative green product offerings and business models with strategic execution. Even those seeking to defend their position through eco-efficiency must climb the execution curve. 





 
Soon companies will have a clear sense of what it means to manage sustainability as a business megatrend. Best practices will emerge, and sustainability scorecards will allow companies to track cost and risk reduction as well as evaluate value-creation activities. As environmental data become richer and more accurate, companies will be able to chart their impacts in financial terms—making it easier for market analysts to identify the firms positioned to deliver an eco-premium. In this new world, the sustainability strategy imperative will be systematized and integrated into the day-to-day practices of firms of all sizes in all industries. Like the IT and quality megatrends, sustainability will touch every function, every business line, every employee. On the way to this future, firms with a clear vision and the execution capabilities to navigate the megatrend will come out ahead. Those that don’t will be left by the wayside.

A version of this article appeared in the May 2010 issue of Harvard Business Review.








 David A. Lubin (davea.lubin@gmail.com) is the chairman of the Sustainability Network, an Esty Environmental Partners service in partnership with IBM, and cofounder of the Palladium Group.



Daniel C. Esty is the Commissioner of the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection and is on leave from Yale University, where he is the Hillhouse Professor of Environmental Law and Policy.








This article is about SUSTAINABILITY




 Follow this topic



 Following





Related Topics:

Strategy














						Loading...
					












				Loading...
			























Partner Center
































  






















Daniel C. Lubin - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Daniel C. Lubin
Board Member at Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Daniel C. Lubin? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Daniel C. Lubin's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Daniel C. Lubin's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Daniel C. Lubin's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Daniel C. Lubin through your network of contacts.
												








Daniel C. Lubin's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc.


Past
To view Daniel C. Lubin's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
56

 
 


Daniel C. Lubin's Biography



Mr. Lubin has served as a member of our board of directors since June 2014, and as a director of CareKinesis since June 2013. Mr. Lubin has been a Managing Partner and co-founder of Radius Ventures, LLC, which acts as the investment advisor to the Radius Funds, a venture capital firm that invests in leading-edge, growth equity and expansion-stage health and life sciences companies, since 1997. Prior to co-founding Radius, Mr. Lubin was a Director in the Investment Banking Division of Schroder Wertheim & Co., with co-responsibility for managing the firm's Health Care Group from 1994 through 1997. In 1991, Mr. Lubin co-founded and was Managing  ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Lubin has served as a member of our board of directors since June 2014, and as a director of CareKinesis since June 2013. Mr. Lubin has been a Managing Partner and co-founder of Radius Ventures, LLC, which acts as the investment advisor to the Radius Funds, a venture capital firm that invests in leading-edge, growth equity and expansion-stage health and life sciences companies, since 1997. Prior to co-founding Radius, Mr. Lubin was a Director in the Investment Banking Division of Schroder Wertheim & Co., with co-responsibility for managing the firm's Health Care Group from 1994 through 1997. In 1991, Mr. Lubin co-founded and was Managing Director of KBL Healthcare, Inc., a health and life science venture capital and investment banking organization, and served as President and Chief Operating Officer of KBL Healthcare Acquisition Corp. from 1991 through 1994. Mr. Lubin earned a Bachelor of Science in Foreign Service from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service and a Masters in Business Administration from Harvard Business School. The board of directors believes Mr. Lubin is a valuable addition to the board of directors because of his experience in investing in the healthcare services and information technology sectors.
		
Source: Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc. on 09/29/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Daniel C. Lubin's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Daniel C. Lubin. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Daniel C. Lubin's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Daniel C. Lubin's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Daniel C. Lubin through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Daniel C. Lubin


















Daniel C. Lubin's Connections (30)





Sign up now to view Daniel C. Lubin's 30 connections »









Calvin H. Knowlton
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc.









Brian W. Adams
Chief Financial Officer, Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc.









A. Gordon Tunstall
Board Member, Kforce Inc.









John A. Fry
Board Member, Community Health Systems, Inc.









Bruce Luehrs
Board Member, Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc.









Glen R. Bressner
Board Member, Innovative Solutions and Support, Inc.









Orsula V. Knowlton
Dir. and President, Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc.









John F. Stoviak
Former Chairman, HAVERFORD SCHOOL









Robert C. Clothier
Former Vice President, HAVERFORD SCHOOL









Vincent A. Rossi
Former Treasurer, HAVERFORD SCHOOL








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















CapRally




















Find Investors
Features
Pricing
About
Login
Sign Up









Results

Filter

All Sectors
Energy
Healthcare
Technology
Other


All Stages
Seed
Early
Growth


Argentina
Australia
Brazil
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
India
Ireland
Israel
Japan
Jersey
Korea
Luxembourg
Russia
Singapore
Sweden
Switzerland
The Netherlands
United Kingdom
United States




Go








Daniel C. Lubin
Managing Partner // Radius Ventures

New York, NY
(212) 897-7778






Companies Affiliations (4)



Aethon



Healthsense



KBL Healthcare



Management Health Solutions




About Daniel C. Lubin
Daniel C. Lubin is a Founder and Managing Partner of Radius Ventures, which acts as the Investment Advisor to the Radius Funds. Previously, Daniel was a Director in the Investment Banking Division of Schroder Wertheim & Co., where he shared responsibility for managing the Health Care Group. Daniel co-founded and was a Managing Director of KBL Healthcare Inc., a health and life sciences venture capital and investment banking organization, and served as President and Chief Operating Officer of KBL Healthcare Acquisition Corp, a publicly-traded Specified Purpose Acquisition Company (SPAC). His prior affiliations include Manufacturers Hanover Trust and the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), where he served as Special Assistant to the Chairman. He was a founder of Cambridge Heart, Inc. and currently serves on the board of directors of Healthsense, Inc., Management Health Solutions, Inc., and is a board observer of Aethon, Inc., portfolio companies of Radius. He also serves on the Board of Trustees of The Haverford School and was appointed to the National Counsel of Advisors of the Center for the Study of the Presidency. Daniel earned a B.S. cum laude in Foreign Service from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service and an M.B.A. with honors from Harvard Business School.
Related Professionals (6)







Ryan Schuler
Managing Director







Vincent S. Conti
Venture Partner







Floyd D. Loop
Venture Partner







James M. Mead
Venture Partner







Peter T. Meekin
Venture Partner/Managing Director Emeritus







Corbin R. Director
Associate











Features
Pricing
About
Terms
Privacy
Help
Feedback
Contact Us


© 2017 CapRally, Inc. All rights reserved.












Radius Ventures - Wikipedia






















 






Radius Ventures

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Radius Ventures





Type

Private


Industry
Venture capital, growth equity


Founded
1997


Founder
Jordan S. Davis, Daniel C. Lubin


Headquarters
New York, New York, United States


Products
Investments, venture capital


Website
www.radiusventures.com


Radius Ventures is a venture capital firm located in New York that invests in expansion-stage health and life sciences companies.
Founded in 1997 by Jordan S. Davis and Daniel C. Lubin, Radius has raised in excess of $200 million in three funds and has invested in over 40 companies since inception. The firm is currently investing its third fund, Radius Venture Partners III L.P., which closed in 2008 with approximately $104 million in capital under management.[1]



Contents


1 Portfolio Companies
2 Team

2.1 Investment Professionals
2.2 Venture Partners
2.3 Advisory Board


3 References
4 External links



Portfolio Companies[edit]
Current and past investments include:[2]





ActiveHealth Management (Aetna)[3]
Aethon[4][5]
Ambit Biosciences (Nasdaq: AMBI)[6]
AMICAS (Merge Healthcare)[7]
Amicus Therapeutics (Nasdaq: FOLD)[8][9]
Athersys (Nasdaq: ATHX)[10]
BEI Medical Systems (Boston Scientific)[11]
Bio-Lok International (HealthPoint Capital)[12]
BioStorage Technologies[13][14][15]
CareKinesis (Tabula Rasa HealthCare)[16][17][18]
Conor Medsystems (Johnson & Johnson)[19]




Corus Pharma (Gilead Sciences)[20]
EndoGastric Solutions[21][22][23]
Health Language (Wolters Kluwer)[24]
Healthsense[25][26][27]
Heartscape Technologies (Roper Industries)[28][29]
Management Health Solutions[30][31]
Medingo (Roche)[32]
Minimally Invasive Devices[33][34]
NuGEN[35]
Tactile Systems Technology[36][37]
U-Systems (GE Healthcare)[38]





Team[edit]
Investment Professionals[edit]

Jordan Davis - Managing Partner
Daniel Lubin - Managing Partner
Imraan Ahmed - Vice President
Neenah Jain - VP of Finance

Venture Partners[edit]

Vincent Conti - former President & CEO, Maine Medical Center
James Mead - former President & CEO, Capital BlueCross
George Milne, Ph.D. - former President of Central Research, Pfizer
Edward Murphy, M.D. - Chairman, Management Health Solutions; former President and CEO, Carilion Clinic

Advisory Board[edit]

List of Radius Ventures Advisors

References[edit]
Use "month day, year" format for publication dates


^ Radius Venture Partners III". BusinessWeek.
^ "Radius Ventures". OneMedPlace.
^ "Aetna To Acquire ActiveHealth Management". May 5, 2005.
^ "Aethon, Inc. Raises Additional $14 Million to Fund Rapid Growth and Expand its National Customer Base". September 11, 2008.
^ "Aethon Announces Strategic Cooperation with and Investment by Bosch". March 31, 2010.
^ "Ambit Biosciences Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering". May 16, 2013.
^ "FAQs On The Proposed Merge Healthcare Acquisition of AMICAS". March 9, 2010.
^ "Amicus Threapeutics Raises $60 Million Series D Financing". September 14, 2006.
^ "Amicus Therapeutics Files for Initial Public Offering". May 17, 2006.
^ "Athersys Raises $65 Million in Concurrent Reverse Merger and Private Equity Offering". June 11, 2007.
^ "Boston Scientific Completes Acquisition of BEI Medical Systems". July 8, 2002.
^ "BioLok International to be Acquired by Healthpoint Capital". September 8, 2006.
^ "BioStorage Technologies, Inc. Completes Series A Financing". May 29, 2007.
^ "Bioprocessing Solutions Alliance Wins Million Veteran Program Genotyping Contract". November 5, 2013.
^ "Brooks Automation Announces Completion of BioStorage Technologies Acquisition". December 1, 2015. 
^ "CareKinesis Raises Capital to Continue Growth and Expansion". September 12, 2013.
^ "South Jersey medication management firm buys San Francisco pharmacy". February 18, 2014. 
^ "Tabula Rasa HealthCare Takes First Step Toward IPO". January 5, 2016. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Conor Medsystems, Inc.". November 16, 2006.
^ "Gilead Sciences Completes Acquisition of Corus Pharma". August 11, 2006.
^ "EndoGastric Solutions Announces RESPECT Trial Exceeds Enrollment Target". October 8, 2013.
^ "EndoGastric Solutions Completes $30 Million Financing Round". August 30, 2010.
^ "EndoGastric Solutions Secures $50 Million In Financing". December 1, 2015. 
^ "Wolters Kluwer Health Completes Acquisition of Health Language, Inc.". January 5, 2013.
^ "Healthsense Announces Investment by Radius Ventures, LLC". August 25, 2010.
^ "Healthsense Acquires Monitoring and Analytics Provider WellAware". July 1, 2013.
^ "Healthsense Closes $10 Million Financing with Boston-Based Mansa Capital". August 19, 2014. 
^ "Roper Industries Announces 2010 First Quarter Results". January 12, 2014.
^ "Heartscape Closes $3M Series A Financing". February 21, 2006.
^ "Daniel C. Lubin Joins Management Health Solutions, Inc. Board of Directors". April 22, 2009.
^ "Management Health Solutions, Inc. Secures $7.0 Million Series B Equity Investment". April 27, 2010.
^ "Roche Acquires Medingo, Ltd. and Expands its Position in the Growing Insulin Delivery Systems Market". April 13, 2010.
^ "Minimally Invasive Devices Raises Another $2.5 Million". June 17, 2013.
^ "Floshield-Maker Going Global As It Raises Another $11.7M". March 6, 2015. 
^ "NuGEN Technologies Completes Series C Financing". August 19, 2003.
^ "Tactile Systems Technology Announces Financing from Radius Ventures" (Press release). Tactile Systems. October 4, 2012. Retrieved 2014-01-12. 
^ Kennedy, Patrick (January 25, 2016). "Tactile Systems Technology registers for IPO". Star Tribune. Minnesota, USA. 
^ "GE Healthcare Acquires U-Systems, Inc.; Expands GE Presence in Breast Cancer Detection". November 9, 2012.


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital investment firms



Investment strategy



Venture
Growth
Mezzanine
Secondaries
Leveraged buyout








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Investors



Angel investor
Commercial bank
Corporate venture capital
Crowdfunding
Family office
Endowment
Fund of funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investor
Insurance company
Investment bank
Merchant bank
Pension fund
Sovereign wealth fund








Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Radius_Ventures&oldid=769705253"					
Categories: Companies based in New York CityVenture capital firms of the United StatesHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 11 March 2017, at 04:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Radius Ventures - Wikipedia






















 






Radius Ventures

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Radius Ventures





Type

Private


Industry
Venture capital, growth equity


Founded
1997


Founder
Jordan S. Davis, Daniel C. Lubin


Headquarters
New York, New York, United States


Products
Investments, venture capital


Website
www.radiusventures.com


Radius Ventures is a venture capital firm located in New York that invests in expansion-stage health and life sciences companies.
Founded in 1997 by Jordan S. Davis and Daniel C. Lubin, Radius has raised in excess of $200 million in three funds and has invested in over 40 companies since inception. The firm is currently investing its third fund, Radius Venture Partners III L.P., which closed in 2008 with approximately $104 million in capital under management.[1]



Contents


1 Portfolio Companies
2 Team

2.1 Investment Professionals
2.2 Venture Partners
2.3 Advisory Board


3 References
4 External links



Portfolio Companies[edit]
Current and past investments include:[2]





ActiveHealth Management (Aetna)[3]
Aethon[4][5]
Ambit Biosciences (Nasdaq: AMBI)[6]
AMICAS (Merge Healthcare)[7]
Amicus Therapeutics (Nasdaq: FOLD)[8][9]
Athersys (Nasdaq: ATHX)[10]
BEI Medical Systems (Boston Scientific)[11]
Bio-Lok International (HealthPoint Capital)[12]
BioStorage Technologies[13][14][15]
CareKinesis (Tabula Rasa HealthCare)[16][17][18]
Conor Medsystems (Johnson & Johnson)[19]




Corus Pharma (Gilead Sciences)[20]
EndoGastric Solutions[21][22][23]
Health Language (Wolters Kluwer)[24]
Healthsense[25][26][27]
Heartscape Technologies (Roper Industries)[28][29]
Management Health Solutions[30][31]
Medingo (Roche)[32]
Minimally Invasive Devices[33][34]
NuGEN[35]
Tactile Systems Technology[36][37]
U-Systems (GE Healthcare)[38]





Team[edit]
Investment Professionals[edit]

Jordan Davis - Managing Partner
Daniel Lubin - Managing Partner
Imraan Ahmed - Vice President
Neenah Jain - VP of Finance

Venture Partners[edit]

Vincent Conti - former President & CEO, Maine Medical Center
James Mead - former President & CEO, Capital BlueCross
George Milne, Ph.D. - former President of Central Research, Pfizer
Edward Murphy, M.D. - Chairman, Management Health Solutions; former President and CEO, Carilion Clinic

Advisory Board[edit]

List of Radius Ventures Advisors

References[edit]
Use "month day, year" format for publication dates


^ Radius Venture Partners III". BusinessWeek.
^ "Radius Ventures". OneMedPlace.
^ "Aetna To Acquire ActiveHealth Management". May 5, 2005.
^ "Aethon, Inc. Raises Additional $14 Million to Fund Rapid Growth and Expand its National Customer Base". September 11, 2008.
^ "Aethon Announces Strategic Cooperation with and Investment by Bosch". March 31, 2010.
^ "Ambit Biosciences Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering". May 16, 2013.
^ "FAQs On The Proposed Merge Healthcare Acquisition of AMICAS". March 9, 2010.
^ "Amicus Threapeutics Raises $60 Million Series D Financing". September 14, 2006.
^ "Amicus Therapeutics Files for Initial Public Offering". May 17, 2006.
^ "Athersys Raises $65 Million in Concurrent Reverse Merger and Private Equity Offering". June 11, 2007.
^ "Boston Scientific Completes Acquisition of BEI Medical Systems". July 8, 2002.
^ "BioLok International to be Acquired by Healthpoint Capital". September 8, 2006.
^ "BioStorage Technologies, Inc. Completes Series A Financing". May 29, 2007.
^ "Bioprocessing Solutions Alliance Wins Million Veteran Program Genotyping Contract". November 5, 2013.
^ "Brooks Automation Announces Completion of BioStorage Technologies Acquisition". December 1, 2015. 
^ "CareKinesis Raises Capital to Continue Growth and Expansion". September 12, 2013.
^ "South Jersey medication management firm buys San Francisco pharmacy". February 18, 2014. 
^ "Tabula Rasa HealthCare Takes First Step Toward IPO". January 5, 2016. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Conor Medsystems, Inc.". November 16, 2006.
^ "Gilead Sciences Completes Acquisition of Corus Pharma". August 11, 2006.
^ "EndoGastric Solutions Announces RESPECT Trial Exceeds Enrollment Target". October 8, 2013.
^ "EndoGastric Solutions Completes $30 Million Financing Round". August 30, 2010.
^ "EndoGastric Solutions Secures $50 Million In Financing". December 1, 2015. 
^ "Wolters Kluwer Health Completes Acquisition of Health Language, Inc.". January 5, 2013.
^ "Healthsense Announces Investment by Radius Ventures, LLC". August 25, 2010.
^ "Healthsense Acquires Monitoring and Analytics Provider WellAware". July 1, 2013.
^ "Healthsense Closes $10 Million Financing with Boston-Based Mansa Capital". August 19, 2014. 
^ "Roper Industries Announces 2010 First Quarter Results". January 12, 2014.
^ "Heartscape Closes $3M Series A Financing". February 21, 2006.
^ "Daniel C. Lubin Joins Management Health Solutions, Inc. Board of Directors". April 22, 2009.
^ "Management Health Solutions, Inc. Secures $7.0 Million Series B Equity Investment". April 27, 2010.
^ "Roche Acquires Medingo, Ltd. and Expands its Position in the Growing Insulin Delivery Systems Market". April 13, 2010.
^ "Minimally Invasive Devices Raises Another $2.5 Million". June 17, 2013.
^ "Floshield-Maker Going Global As It Raises Another $11.7M". March 6, 2015. 
^ "NuGEN Technologies Completes Series C Financing". August 19, 2003.
^ "Tactile Systems Technology Announces Financing from Radius Ventures" (Press release). Tactile Systems. October 4, 2012. Retrieved 2014-01-12. 
^ Kennedy, Patrick (January 25, 2016). "Tactile Systems Technology registers for IPO". Star Tribune. Minnesota, USA. 
^ "GE Healthcare Acquires U-Systems, Inc.; Expands GE Presence in Breast Cancer Detection". November 9, 2012.


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital investment firms



Investment strategy



Venture
Growth
Mezzanine
Secondaries
Leveraged buyout








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Investors



Angel investor
Commercial bank
Corporate venture capital
Crowdfunding
Family office
Endowment
Fund of funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investor
Insurance company
Investment bank
Merchant bank
Pension fund
Sovereign wealth fund








Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Radius_Ventures&oldid=769705253"					
Categories: Companies based in New York CityVenture capital firms of the United StatesHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 11 March 2017, at 04:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Radius Ventures - Wikipedia






















 






Radius Ventures

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Radius Ventures





Type

Private


Industry
Venture capital, growth equity


Founded
1997


Founder
Jordan S. Davis, Daniel C. Lubin


Headquarters
New York, New York, United States


Products
Investments, venture capital


Website
www.radiusventures.com


Radius Ventures is a venture capital firm located in New York that invests in expansion-stage health and life sciences companies.
Founded in 1997 by Jordan S. Davis and Daniel C. Lubin, Radius has raised in excess of $200 million in three funds and has invested in over 40 companies since inception. The firm is currently investing its third fund, Radius Venture Partners III L.P., which closed in 2008 with approximately $104 million in capital under management.[1]



Contents


1 Portfolio Companies
2 Team

2.1 Investment Professionals
2.2 Venture Partners
2.3 Advisory Board


3 References
4 External links



Portfolio Companies[edit]
Current and past investments include:[2]





ActiveHealth Management (Aetna)[3]
Aethon[4][5]
Ambit Biosciences (Nasdaq: AMBI)[6]
AMICAS (Merge Healthcare)[7]
Amicus Therapeutics (Nasdaq: FOLD)[8][9]
Athersys (Nasdaq: ATHX)[10]
BEI Medical Systems (Boston Scientific)[11]
Bio-Lok International (HealthPoint Capital)[12]
BioStorage Technologies[13][14][15]
CareKinesis (Tabula Rasa HealthCare)[16][17][18]
Conor Medsystems (Johnson & Johnson)[19]




Corus Pharma (Gilead Sciences)[20]
EndoGastric Solutions[21][22][23]
Health Language (Wolters Kluwer)[24]
Healthsense[25][26][27]
Heartscape Technologies (Roper Industries)[28][29]
Management Health Solutions[30][31]
Medingo (Roche)[32]
Minimally Invasive Devices[33][34]
NuGEN[35]
Tactile Systems Technology[36][37]
U-Systems (GE Healthcare)[38]





Team[edit]
Investment Professionals[edit]

Jordan Davis - Managing Partner
Daniel Lubin - Managing Partner
Imraan Ahmed - Vice President
Neenah Jain - VP of Finance

Venture Partners[edit]

Vincent Conti - former President & CEO, Maine Medical Center
James Mead - former President & CEO, Capital BlueCross
George Milne, Ph.D. - former President of Central Research, Pfizer
Edward Murphy, M.D. - Chairman, Management Health Solutions; former President and CEO, Carilion Clinic

Advisory Board[edit]

List of Radius Ventures Advisors

References[edit]
Use "month day, year" format for publication dates


^ Radius Venture Partners III". BusinessWeek.
^ "Radius Ventures". OneMedPlace.
^ "Aetna To Acquire ActiveHealth Management". May 5, 2005.
^ "Aethon, Inc. Raises Additional $14 Million to Fund Rapid Growth and Expand its National Customer Base". September 11, 2008.
^ "Aethon Announces Strategic Cooperation with and Investment by Bosch". March 31, 2010.
^ "Ambit Biosciences Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering". May 16, 2013.
^ "FAQs On The Proposed Merge Healthcare Acquisition of AMICAS". March 9, 2010.
^ "Amicus Threapeutics Raises $60 Million Series D Financing". September 14, 2006.
^ "Amicus Therapeutics Files for Initial Public Offering". May 17, 2006.
^ "Athersys Raises $65 Million in Concurrent Reverse Merger and Private Equity Offering". June 11, 2007.
^ "Boston Scientific Completes Acquisition of BEI Medical Systems". July 8, 2002.
^ "BioLok International to be Acquired by Healthpoint Capital". September 8, 2006.
^ "BioStorage Technologies, Inc. Completes Series A Financing". May 29, 2007.
^ "Bioprocessing Solutions Alliance Wins Million Veteran Program Genotyping Contract". November 5, 2013.
^ "Brooks Automation Announces Completion of BioStorage Technologies Acquisition". December 1, 2015. 
^ "CareKinesis Raises Capital to Continue Growth and Expansion". September 12, 2013.
^ "South Jersey medication management firm buys San Francisco pharmacy". February 18, 2014. 
^ "Tabula Rasa HealthCare Takes First Step Toward IPO". January 5, 2016. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Conor Medsystems, Inc.". November 16, 2006.
^ "Gilead Sciences Completes Acquisition of Corus Pharma". August 11, 2006.
^ "EndoGastric Solutions Announces RESPECT Trial Exceeds Enrollment Target". October 8, 2013.
^ "EndoGastric Solutions Completes $30 Million Financing Round". August 30, 2010.
^ "EndoGastric Solutions Secures $50 Million In Financing". December 1, 2015. 
^ "Wolters Kluwer Health Completes Acquisition of Health Language, Inc.". January 5, 2013.
^ "Healthsense Announces Investment by Radius Ventures, LLC". August 25, 2010.
^ "Healthsense Acquires Monitoring and Analytics Provider WellAware". July 1, 2013.
^ "Healthsense Closes $10 Million Financing with Boston-Based Mansa Capital". August 19, 2014. 
^ "Roper Industries Announces 2010 First Quarter Results". January 12, 2014.
^ "Heartscape Closes $3M Series A Financing". February 21, 2006.
^ "Daniel C. Lubin Joins Management Health Solutions, Inc. Board of Directors". April 22, 2009.
^ "Management Health Solutions, Inc. Secures $7.0 Million Series B Equity Investment". April 27, 2010.
^ "Roche Acquires Medingo, Ltd. and Expands its Position in the Growing Insulin Delivery Systems Market". April 13, 2010.
^ "Minimally Invasive Devices Raises Another $2.5 Million". June 17, 2013.
^ "Floshield-Maker Going Global As It Raises Another $11.7M". March 6, 2015. 
^ "NuGEN Technologies Completes Series C Financing". August 19, 2003.
^ "Tactile Systems Technology Announces Financing from Radius Ventures" (Press release). Tactile Systems. October 4, 2012. Retrieved 2014-01-12. 
^ Kennedy, Patrick (January 25, 2016). "Tactile Systems Technology registers for IPO". Star Tribune. Minnesota, USA. 
^ "GE Healthcare Acquires U-Systems, Inc.; Expands GE Presence in Breast Cancer Detection". November 9, 2012.


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital investment firms



Investment strategy



Venture
Growth
Mezzanine
Secondaries
Leveraged buyout








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Investors



Angel investor
Commercial bank
Corporate venture capital
Crowdfunding
Family office
Endowment
Fund of funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investor
Insurance company
Investment bank
Merchant bank
Pension fund
Sovereign wealth fund








Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Radius_Ventures&oldid=769705253"					
Categories: Companies based in New York CityVenture capital firms of the United StatesHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 11 March 2017, at 04:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 














































