






Lucerno Dynamics | Insight, Fast































  



 






















Select Page


  
 



 



 










Fast. Accurate. Quantitative.

Sometimes the best idea
is a simple idea.

 
 
 
 
 
 



Our breakthrough system can dynamically detect, quantify, and record with high-fidelity the presence of radiolabeled biomarkers in tissue quickly, safely, and inexpensively.
 
This technology has potential human applications in assuring the quality of PET injections, measuring arterial input function non-invasively, assessing inflammation, monitoring therapy response of superficial tumors, and several others.
Related technology has been developed for use in animal research for preclinical evaluation of compounds.
 
 
 
 



Built with proven technology. Uniquely displayed.
 
 
 


The system is fast, inexpensive, portable, safe, and easy to use.
Our system uses proven PET crystal technology repackaged into small, lightweight sensors.
Measurements from the sensors are collected and then processed by proprietary algorithms to yield time-activity curves and kinetic data for the area of interest.
Collected data is aggregated in the Lucerno cloud server, which provides a convenient and versatile method to review and analyze one patient, many patients, a whole lab, a multi-site clinical study, or more.
 
 
 
 



Quantify your target biological processes.
 
Our sensors work with any PET or SPECT radiotracers for molecular insight into the biological activity of interest.
 
 
 
 



Collect dynamic data.
 
Captures dynamic information–a helpful complement to static imaging, providing valuable, new insight to the current imaging standards of care.
 
 
 
 




Some of the applications of the Lucerno system described on this page have not been
 FDA listed and are limited by United States law to Investigational Use.






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

I agree that the downloaded materials are the confidential information of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC. I agree that I will not disclose the downloaded materials without the prior written consent of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC.			




























Team | Lucerno Dynamics






























  



 






















Select Page


  
 



 



 










The Lucerno Team

Aligned. Experienced.

 
 
 
 
 
 



Our Team
 




Ron Lattanze
CEO
Ron specializes in recruiting highly talented teams and brings operations, international, and executive management experience to Lucerno. He ran the Endovascular Solutions business at Guidant after serving as President of Guidant Japan and Managing Director of Guidant’s Asia operations. He received both a BA and MBA from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and, between earning degrees, he served as an officer in the US Navy.
 
 




Jesse Kingg
COO
Jesse has helped build startup companies in senior operations positions at ICON Aircraft, Heartflow, and Dendreon. He also had operations and quality leadership roles at Abbott Vascular/Guidant as well as a role in clinical sales. Jesse started his career in the US Navy as a Nuclear Engineer and Submarine Officer, then transitioned to become a Naval Aviator, retiring as commander of an F/18 squadron. Jesse has a BS in physics from Alma College and completed a MS in management at Stanford University.
 
 




Chris Crisman
CCO
Chris joined Lucerno Dynamics as Chief Commercial Officer in 2017 to build and execute our commercial strategy. He brings significant medical device sales and marketing experience from prior successful leadership roles at Guidant, Boston Scientific, Edwards Lifesciences and Angiodynamics. Chris earned a BS in business from The University of Southern California and a MBA from The University of Virginia’s Darden School of Management.
 
 




Steve Perrin
VP Software
Steve joined the Lucerno team in 2015 to accelerate our software development efforts. He comes straight from Lenovo/IBM, where over 25 years he innovated in software development, networking/communications and hardware design, earning 14 issued patents, multiple “most valuable patent” awards, and recognition as inventor of year. A Carolina native, he earned degrees from North Carolina State University and Georgia Institute of Technology in electrical engineering.
 
 




Josh Knowland
CTO
Josh is a co-founder of Lucerno and the system designer. A Carolina native, he has worked at companies large and small around the state. He holds degrees in electrical engineering and computer engineering from North Carolina State University.
 
 




Kelley Ryan
VP Clinical
Kelley joined Lucerno in 2017 and brings over 26 years experience in medical device, pharmaceutical, and outcomes research with industry, government, and professional society sponsors. Prior to joining Lucerno, she held senior research positions with international public health organizations, Contract Research Organizations, and Academic Research Organizations. Kelley has worked in multiple therapeutic areas and settings, including 11 years in medical device studies.
 
 




Charles Scarantino, MD PhD
CMO
Chuck is a practicing radiation oncologist at UNC Healthcare and a seasoned entrepreneur. It was his frustration with existing tools for assessing therapy response that led to Lucerno’s founding. Chuck was granted his medical degree from the Bowman Gray School of Medicine at Wake Forest University after completing his PhD in cell physiology at St. John’s University.
 
 




Bill Gorge
CFO
Bill joined the Lucerno team in 2012 and looks after the business side of Lucerno. He brings corporate, international, and general management from his experiences at Guidant. Bill served as vice president of both finance and human resources for the US sales organization after leading the Australia & New Zealand team as Managing Director. Bill has engineering and MBA degrees from Northwestern University.
 
 
 Scientific Adviser
 




David Townsend, PhD
Adviser
David is the co-inventor of the PET/CT scanner and is considered a leading authority on hybrid imaging systems as well as one of the pioneers of three-dimensional PET and its required reconstruction algorithms. An IEEE Fellow, he is currently director of the A*STAR-NUS Clinical Imaging Research Centre in Singapore and Professor of Radiology, National University of Singapore. At the 2015 Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging meeting, David received the Paul C. Aebersold Award for Outstanding Achievement in Basic Nuclear Medicine Science. The award recognizes outstanding achievement in basic science applied to nuclear medicine.
 
 
 Clinical Adviser
 




P. David Mozley, MD
Adviser
Dr. Mozley is the VP of Imaging at Endocyte, a biopharmaceutical company developing cancer therapeutics with companion nuclear imaging diagnostic agents. Dr. Mozley is a board-certified physician in nuclear medicine and has over 25 years of experience using radiopharmaceuticals to diagnose and treat diseases. Prior to joining Endocyte in 2015, he served as professor and chief of the Division of Nuclear Medicine at Weill Cornell Medical College and the New York Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Campus in Manhattan. From 2001 to 2012, Dr. Mozley held multiple positions with progressively increasing responsibilities at Eli Lilly and Merck & Co. While at Merck & Co., he served as senior imaging lead across therapeutic areas for multi-center trials that used imaging as a major endpoint, chaired the PhRMA Imaging group, and co-chaired a technical committee on quantitative imaging for the Radiological Society of North America. He has contributed to the publication of over 100 research reports in the literature on imaging.
 
 
Business Advisers
 

Peyton Anderson
Adviser
Peyton is CEO and co-founder of Durham-based Affinergy and a member of the North Carolina Biotechnology Center board, has been elected chairman of NCBIO, the trade association for North Carolina’s life science industry.
 
 

John Cambier
Adviser
John is a Founding General Partner and Managing Partner at IDEA Fund Partners. He is also a venture adviser at NC IDEA, where he took on coaching Lucerno as a recipient of an NC IDEA grant.
 
 

Michael Gropp
Adviser
Michael has extensive industry experience with global regulatory strategy for medical devices. Among other roles, he has served as a special representative for international affairs and policy to the Board of Directors of the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed), Chair of the Eucomed (Brussels) International Affairs Task Force, and was a member of the Global Harmonization Task Force (GHTF) Steering Committee and advisor to the Asian Harmonization Working Party.
 
 

Fred McCoy
Adviser
Fred is the CEO of NeuroTronik and Vice Chairman of Synecor. He brings more than 30 years of experience in the life sciences field. His extensive background as a business leader in medical technology includes both large scale and emerging companies.
 
 

Pat Ryan
Adviser
Pat is currently COO of Synaptive Medical, and previously served as COO of Insulet and Alphatec Spine. Pat has held both commercial and operational executive positions with Abbott Vascular/Guidant, with roles based in Ireland, California, Argentina, and China. He started his career as an officer in the US Navy. Pat is a graduate of the US Naval Academy, and earned a MS degree from the University of Kansas.
 
 

Keisuke Suzuki
Adviser
Kaye is an experienced medical device executive, with experience at Abiomed, Guidant, and Johnson & Johnson. He has in-depth leadership experiences in sales & marketing, regulatory affairs, clinical science, quality & reliability, compliance and medical affairs. Kaye’s global experience makes him equally at ease in North American, European, and Asian business settings.
 
 

Rob Van Arnam
Adviser
Rob is a Partner at the law firm of Williams Mullen and Co-Chair of its Intellectual Property Section. He is an experienced attorney whose practice focuses on the licensing and litigation of patent, trademark and other intellectual property rights.
 
 
Lucerno has received support from a grant by NC Idea in 2013, a North Carolina Biotechnology Center Small Business Research Loan in 2014, and a North Carolina Biotechnology Center Strategic Growth Loan in 2016.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

I agree that the downloaded materials are the confidential information of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC. I agree that I will not disclose the downloaded materials without the prior written consent of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC.			



























Therapy Response | Lucerno Dynamics






























  



 






















Select Page


  
 



 



 










Every cancer patient wants to know:

Is my therapy working?

 
 
 
 
 
 



Treatments don’t always work.
When treating solid tumors, the best way to tell if therapy is on track is from the molecular insight into the metabolic or proliferative activity of the tumor provided by PET/CT scans.
However, most payers limit the number of PET/CT scans that will be reimbursed. Other treatment response measurements (CT, MRI, palpation) don’t provide the most timely feedback. They measure size, a trailing indicator of the tumor’s response to therapy.
 
 

Lucerno’s technology provides insight.
Lucerno’s investigational technology requires minimal radiation and is intended to let the clinician know early in the treatment cycle if the tumor is responding.
If it is, stay the course.
If not, consider other treatments.
Good for the patient, the oncologist, and the payer.
 
 
 
 





Lucerno's system gives molecular insight.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



PET/CT scans provide a snapshot in time of molecular insight by capturing the positron emissions from injected radiotracers. These scans are a primary tool for pre-therapy staging of a patient’s cancer.
Based on the tracer’s mechanism of action, molecular imaging measures the metabolic or proliferative condition of cancer cells by capturing the tracer emissions. Molecular imaging is also rapidly becoming the most advanced tool for oncologists and researchers to monitor tumor response to treatment.
Lucerno’s investigational technology also provides molecular insight over time. This kinetic measurement of the uptake of radiotracers is done quickly, easily, and inexpensively. It is intended to provide oncologists with insight into how cancer cells are responding to treatment.
 
 



It can be hard to get time course uptake in PET without taking a scanner for an hour or more to do dynamic imaging. This works for a few research studies, but is hard to do in practice. On the other hand, in standard practice we really don’t get any temporal data – just static uptake measures.
I could envision having patients with superficial tumors have time course data during the uptake period for a PET scan, where the [Lucerno] device uptake curve could get calibrated to the PET scan value and give full time course data for the tumor.
David Mankoff, MD, PhD
Chief, Nuclear Medicine & Clinical Molecular Imaging, University of Pennsylvania
 
 
 
 
 
 



Lucerno Lara™ System
 
 
 


The Lucerno Lara™ System is currently used under an investigational device exemption for therapy response. It uses surface sensors to measure the radiation emitted from an area of interest. One sensor for the tumor, one sensor for each bicep, and one for another location of interest (secondary tumor, liver, etc.). The system is completely passive–it emits no energy.
 
A baseline Lucerno scan is done at the same time as staging PET/CT scan. The sensors are applied prior to radiotracer injection, and collect dynamic uptake data from four target areas during the pre-PET uptake waiting period.
2-3 minutes of extra work, and no extra radiation.
 
 



 
 


In clinical studies, Lucerno scans have been done early and frequently in the treatment process to evaluate the systems’ ability to assess tumor response to therapy. A standalone Lucerno scan (without PET scan) requires a very low dose of radiotracer and does not require the CT scan and the associated additional dose of radiation. The results are available within minutes of the completed scan.
 
 
 
 



Quantified results. Early. Fast.
 
 
 


The Lucerno graph to the right is from a neoadjuvant breast cancer patient in an investigational study. A Lucerno scan early in therapy showed the metabolic activity of the tumor area of interest had been greatly reduced.

Upper black line is baseline scan, pre-therapy.
Lower black line is follow-up scan, after 2 cycles of therapy.
Green line shows injection arm sensor result.
Area Under the Curve (AUC) change of -25% between the 2 black lines indicates the area of interest is less metabolically active.
Her tumor was excised 7 months after the follow up scan. The pathology report showed complete response.

 
 

 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 

The Lucerno graph to the left is from another neoadjuvant breast cancer patient in an investigational study. A Lucerno scan early in therapy showed the metabolic activity of the tumor area of interest was stable or had slightly increased.

Upper black line is follow-up scan, after 2 cycles of therapy.
Lower black line is baseline scan, pre-therapy.
Red line shows injection arm sensor result.
AUC change of +6.8% indicates the area of interest is likely more metabolically active.

Unfortunately, therapy was not successful for this patient.
 
 
 
 



Clinical experience.
 
 
 


Lucerno Dynamics is conducting or has completed studies at the following institutions:
 
Rex Hospital/UNC Health Care
Vanderbilt University Medical Center
The University of Tennessee Medical Center
Saint Louis University Hospital
National University Hospital, Singapore
Carilion Medical Center
 
 
 
 




Would you like to incorporate LD technology into a study?
You can reach us at info@lucernodynamics.com.

Email us

 
 
 




The applications of the Lucerno system described on this page have not been FDA listed
and are limited by United States law to Investigational Use.






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

I agree that the downloaded materials are the confidential information of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC. I agree that I will not disclose the downloaded materials without the prior written consent of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC.			



























QA/QC for Imaging | Lucerno Dynamics






























  



 






















Select Page


  
 



 



 











A good PET scan requires an
ideal tracer injection.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Quality Assurance and Quality Control for your imaging procedures.
The quality of a clinical PET/CT scan relies on delivering a precise dose of radiotracer to the patient for a precise uptake period.
Precise dose information is necessary to accurately calculate results based on the PET image. Standard practice is to measure the empty syringe in the well counter, so that any remaining radioactivity can be netted from the original syringe value, to establish an accurate net injected dose.
Consistency of uptake period length is required to ensure sufficient contrast in the scan for evaluation, as well as comparability of the resulting image to other images. Bolus injections (a volume of fluid injected rapidly) are standard practice to deliver the radiotracer to the patient’s circulation all at the same time to start the uptake period.
Sometimes a paravenous injection of the radiotracer occurs. When the radiotracer is injected or leaks into the tissue surrounding the injection site, it is known as an infiltration, sometimes referred as an extravasation.
Infiltrations cause PET calculations to be made with erroneous data and therefore can affect PET interpretation and patient management. Infiltrations impact both the dose available to the patient during uptake and the effective length of the uptake period–both key quality indicators. Radiotracer remaining near the injection site means that some portion of the dose is not circulating as required for the full uptake period.
 
 

By providing vital quality control information regarding the injection, the Lucerno system gives the clinicians what they need to determine if an infiltration has occurred and additional information to help characterize the severity. This knowledge helps determine the level of confidence the clinician can have when making patient management decisions based on a PET/CT image.
Result: better quality care and lower cost.
Infiltrations are surprisingly common.
Infiltrations are only visible if the injection site is in the PET field of view. Most injections are administered in the arm, wrist, or hand. In many PET studies, the patient’s arms are raised above their head, resulting in the injection site being outside the field of view for the PET image. A recent study indicates that approximately one third of all visible infiltrations may not be picked up by clinicians reading the scans due to the limits of the field of view.
Infiltrations are hard to quantify.
A static PET image cannot provide true insight into the extent of the infiltration. In an investigational study, Lucerno technology captured infiltrations that were significantly different in scale throughout the uptake process, but resulted in PET images that appeared relatively similar. It is not surprising that infiltrations can resolve at different rates. The Lucerno system provides information that does not exist today–real visibility as to the extent of the infiltration during the uptake process.
 
 
 
 
 



Was the injection successful?
 
 
 


Before the Lucerno’s technology was available, there was no good way to tell if a bolus injection was successful. One limitation is that not all injection sites are imaged. Another limitation is that the PET image is a static snapshot, and cannot show the clinician what happened during the uptake period that could affect the quality of the image. As a result, clinicians may be making patient management decisions with a compromised diagnostic: they may be unaware that an infiltration has impacted the PET image, or if they see and infiltration, they may underestimate the degree of infiltration.
This is not a trivial issue. While there is not much public information available on infiltration rates, three large centers have published journal articles indicating their infiltration rate to be between 10% and 20%. Automated injectors may reduce the rate, but not to zero. At these rates, approximately 700,000 patients each year are affected worldwide. Lucerno studies confirm the published rates.
Lucerno can address this quality gap with a simple tool used in conjunction with the PET injection process. By providing insight into the success of the injection before moving the patient to the PET/CT scanner, Lucerno can provide clinicians with important quality information to improve outcomes. By combining the Lucerno dynamic data with the static PET image, the clinician can better characterize the severity of the infiltration before patient management decisions are made.
 
 


Patients



					 We conclude dose extravasations were commonly encountered (10.5%) in PET/CT. However, it is underreported by at least 31% due to omitting injection site from the FOV. When present, extravasations may lead to underestimation of SUVmax. 
					Osman, et al
Frontiers in Oncology
 
 
 

Patients



					 The quantitative evaluation of patient studies revealed that paravenous injection is a relatively frequent effect (18%) with a small fraction of patients presenting considerable extravasations ranging from 1% to a maximum of 22% of the injected dose. 
					Silva-Rodríguez, et al
Medical Physics
 
 
 
 
 
 



The Lucerno Solution
 
 
 


The Lucerno Lara™ System is currently listed with the FDA and uses surface sensors to measure the radiation emitted from the areas of interest beneath the sensors.
Prior to the injection, sensors are placed on each arm, so one captures the radioactivity from the radiotracer at the injection site and the other serves as a control. Forty-five minutes after the injection, the sensors can be removed and recorded data can be uploaded to Lucerno. Within seconds, Lucerno provides a report.
Since our sensors record the level of radiotracer in the areas of interest during and after the injection, Lucerno provides clinicians with evidence of the level of radiotracer in the injection area during the uptake process. This information allows clinicians to evaluate the quality of the injection process to determine if an infiltration has occurred, and therefore the level of confidence that can be placed in the PET image used in the patient management decision making.
The system is agnostic to the field of view in each clinic, the experience of the technologists, the quality of the patient’s injection vein, or if an auto-injector is used.
The system is easy to use, requires no additional radiotracer, and just adds one to two minutes to the process, but provides the quality control needed to ensure a PET scan has not been compromised by an infiltration.
Quality control of injections is important for everyday use of PET scans and vital for clinical studies that rely on PET scans as part of the protocol.
 
 

 


It is extremely important to control the quality of the PET/CT scan, particularly when it has implications for monitoring response to therapy and the management of the patient.
The Lucerno sensor can assess the quality of the injection process, removing at least one potential source of variability from the scan protocol.
David W. Townsend, PhD
Director, A*STAR-NUS Clinical Imaging Research Centre and Professor of Radiology, National University of Singapore
 
 
 
 
 


Successful injections.
This Lucerno graph shows the results of four scans taken over six months for the same patient. The green lines are from the bicep sensor on the left arm, the injection arm. The spike and immediate drop in the green lines during the first 20 seconds reflects the radiotracer bolus passing underneath the sensor during the actual injection. This initial spike, combined with the following stabilization at a low level of radioactivity–indicative of the expected low metabolic activity in this area of interest–suggests an ideal injection of the radiotracer.
 
 
 

 


 
 


 
Obvious infiltration.
The red line in the Lucerno graph (below left) shows a dramatically high level of radioactivity detected by the right arm sensor on the injection arm during the entire pre-PET uptake period. This high level of radioactivity resolves very minimally over the pre-PET uptake period. Tumor area of interest uptake (black line) was impacted by the fact that much of the radiotracer dose remains in the injection arm during the uptake period. The green line shows the readings from the left arm sensor, in this case, the control. When the Director of Nuclear Medicine and Positron Emission Tomography reviewed the resulting PET scan image (below right), she noted that there was “a lot of infiltration” and concurred with the Lucerno graph.
 
 
 




 



 
 


 
An infiltration, but how extensive?
The graph (below left) shows a patient scan with a small amount of radiation in the area of interest over the injection site. The red line drops sharply and nearly returns to a low, stable level of radioactivity, but still remains noticeably higher than the control. The Director of Nuclear Medicine and Positron Emission Tomography reviewed the PET image (below right) and classified this patient as having a “slight infiltration”. While the static PET image only captures a moment in time, we can confirm with the Lucerno graph that this patient had a slight infiltration during the uptake period.
 
 
 




 



 
 



The third example graph (below left) shows a patient scan with a significant level of radiation in their left arm (green line) that resolved very differently from the previous patient, yet resulted in a similar, static PET image (below right).
The PET images for both these patients indicate only a slight infiltration. Because the infiltrations resolved at different rates, there was no way to tell from the static PET image that the infiltration was dramatically more extensive for the third patient (below) compared to the second patient (above), and therefore would have a far greater affect on the quantification of the PET scan, potentially impacting a clinician’s patient management decision.
 
 
 
 




 



 
 
 



Ideal injections are easy to spot.
Here are some examples.
 
 
 

























































 
 
 



Lucerno can provide QA/QC for all PET radiotracer injections.
 
The Lara™ System is intended for use in nuclear medicine to provide quality control for radiotracer injections. With the Lara™ System, clinicians can know, before the uptake period is over, whether the injection was ideal or not.
While it is important to provide quality control for each individual radiotracer injection, the Lara™ System can provide quality assurance for a nuclear medicine center’s injection process. By using the Lara™ System with Lucerno’s proprietary software, centers can identify contributing factors, make appropriate adjustments, and improve quality. Through periodic reviews of contributing factors and process improvements, centers can drive their overall infiltration rate down, and drive their quality indices up.
 


 
 
 



Questions? We have answers.
 

What is an 18F-FDG (FDG) infiltration?

					An FDG infiltration is the inadvertent administration of FDG anywhere outside the vascular compartment, such as into the subcutaneous tissue surrounding a vein.
				 
 
How does an infiltration happen?

					Some of the injected dose can escape outside the venous compartment as a result of multiple causes.
While gaining access:
• A puncture through the posterior wall of the vein can occur.
• Arm movement, after catheter placement and prior to injection, can cause the catheter tip to damage the vein wall.
During injection:
• Injecting the FDG dose too rapidly can increase intraluminal pressure enough to rupture the vein wall, sometimes referred to as “blowing a vein”.
• Thrombosis or restriction of the normal venous blood flow, proximal to the injection site, can adversely impede the flow of the radiotracer to the systemic circulation.
All of these problems are more common in patients with chronic illnesses that have required repeated venous access. Patients with cancer who have been treated with sclerosing chemotherapy regimens are particularly prone to issues with venous access and infiltrations.
 
 
Do infiltrations really matter to the results of a PET/CT scan?

					Absolutely. An infiltration can have a major impact on both quantitative and qualitative PET/CT results.
				 
 
How does an infiltration impact quantitative PET/CT results?

					Patients receive a prescribed dose of FDG, which is critical in calculating standardized uptake values (SUVs). When the dose is not completely delivered to the circulation, the SUV calculation and tumor uptake are impacted, leading to incorrect values. Clinicians use SUVs taken before and after treatment in order to assess patient response to therapy. SUVs are also sometimes used to help determine tumor malignancy. Infiltrations invalidate quantitative PET/CT results.
				 
 
How does an infiltration impact qualitative PET/CT results?

					The prescribed dose and the length of FDG uptake time are necessary to provide optimal image quality for that patient. When the dose is not completely delivered, tumor uptake is lowered. Additionally, each nuclear medicine center prescribes the amount of time that the FDG should be circulating in the patient’s vascular system to provide them with the optimal results. During ideal injections, FDG enters the venous system as a bolus and is almost immediately available to the tumor for uptake, leaving small amounts of FDG circulating in the venous system later in the uptake period. An infiltrated dose may leak back into the venous system during the uptake period and during image acquisition. Since infiltrations cause lower tumor uptake and higher FDG levels in circulation during imaging, the tumor-to-background contrast can be reduced, making it more difficult to detect tumors with relatively low metabolic rates. Thus, an infiltration results in degraded PET/CT images used by clinicians to stage and assess therapy.
				 
 
Is it possible to assess infiltrations in PET/CT images and then correct the results? 

					In current practice the injection site is often not in the image field of view, so not all infiltrations are seen. When an infiltration is in the field of view, it is difficult to accurately quantify using the image. Most importantly, even if one is able to see and quantify the infiltration in a static image, Lucerno has found that this may not reflect the true extent of the infiltration at the time of the injection and during the entire uptake period.
				 
 
Why aren’t injection sites in the field of view all the time? Is this a problem?

					The most common practice is to have patients place their arms over their heads during a PET/CT scan. Since this field of view is from skull base to mid thighs, the injection site is often not visible to clinicians. If an injection site is not in the field of view and there is an infiltration, clinicians using the PET/CT results will be unaware that the image and SUVs are compromised.
				 
 
If a clinician can see the injection site, why is it difficult to quantify the infiltration?

					It is theoretically possible to quantify how much radiotracer is near the injection site if a trained professional is willing to trace its entire area on every axial slice of the image where an infiltration is visible. But adjustments to the net injected dose that are made by creating a volume of interest that is properly corrected for attenuation, scatter, and partial volume effects is not only labor intensive, it also requires special skills and tools that are not ordinarily deployed in clinical practice. In the end, all of the effort may be of limited value anyway.
				 
 
Why would quantifying a visible infiltration be of limited value?

					Lucerno has found that the amount of radiotracer present at the time of image capture (usually 60-90 minutes after the injection) may not be representative of the amount of FDG that was at the infiltrated injection site during the uptake period. In nearly every infiltration case that Lucerno has observed, the FDG at the injection site resolves, either through the body’s lymphatic system or by leaking back into the venous system. As a result, measuring a static image of an infiltration an hour or more after it occurs cannot adequately characterize the true nature and extent of the infiltration.
				 
 
What if the infiltration is truly minor, does that matter to the dose and to the PET/CT results?

					It is true that a minor infiltration causes only minor problems with sensitivity and comparisons to other scans, but it is difficult to determine the point at which an infiltration causes meaningful problems. Current practice strives to deliver a precisely known dose. After injecting FDG, technologists flush the injection catheter with saline to wash the FDG into the vascular system, then measure the residual FDG in the injection syringe. While this residual amount is usually small (0.5% to 1.5% of the original dose), technologists subtract the residual radioactivity from the injected dose to ensure the scanner has an accurate “net dose”. The effect of an infiltration on the net dose will likely be higher than the residual dose in the injection syringe, but no steps are being taken today to address infiltrations.
				 
 
Are infiltrations tracked?

					Infiltrations are not often tracked. The following factors all contribute to the difficulty in tracking FDG infiltrations in current practice:
• The only way to track infiltrations today is to review PET/CT images for infiltrations. Nuclear medicine centers using a field of view from skull base to mid thighs will miss many infiltrations. Only centers that always image the injection site can realize that infiltrations have occurred.
• Reviewing past radiology reports is not an effective way to track infiltrations, since visible infiltrations (especially those considered to be minor infiltrations) are not always reported by clinicians.
• When injecting FDG, technologists are often unaware that an infiltration has occurred and therefore do not follow the self-reporting guidelines, which advise imaging the injection site. The physical volume of FDG that a technologist injects into a patient is usually small; therefore, a visible manifestation of an infiltration is often not evident to the patient or the technologist. Finally, FDG does not usually cause the patient much, if any, discomfort so technologists are not alerted to a possible concern.
				 
 
In the hospitals that have looked into this issue by reviewing every image, what is the rate of infiltrations?

					There are a limited number of publications on this topic, but a few hospitals have presented abstracts or articles on the rate of infiltrations. Ohio State University, St. Louis University, and the University of Santiago in Spain appear to be the leaders in this subject. These sites have presented results on over 2,000 patients, and the infiltration rates have averaged between 9% and 21%.
				 
 
Aren’t most of the reported infiltrations minor?

					Many centers note that the majority of the infiltrations found on static images appear small. However, Lucerno’s experience involving dozens of infiltrations is that nearly every infiltration resolves (often dramatically) during the uptake period, but small at the end of uptake does not necessarily mean the infiltration was small the whole time. This finding leads us to believe that the degree of infiltrations is being understated in the current clinical setting.
				 
 
What is the bottom line about the impact of FDG infiltrations?

					Since visible infiltrations can be mischaracterized as minor and many infiltrations are undiagnosed due to field of view limitations, clinicians are unaware their PET/CT results have been compromised. Lucerno believes that infiltrations represent an insidious source of variance in PET/CT images that should be minimized, since these images are critical for proper staging at the time of presentation and assessing therapy response during follow-up.
				 
 
Will infiltrations continue to be an important issue in the future?

					An infiltration will have an even larger impact with the coming changes in medical practice. As we move towards more personalized, precision medicine, PET/CT is becoming progressively more quantitative. An infiltration invalidates a PET/CT scan used for quantification. Additionally, there is a movement towards exposing patients to radiation levels as low as reasonably achievable (ALARA), driving improved PET/CT scanners and lower FDG doses. Infiltrations leak a certain volume of the FDG into the subcutaneous tissue. With lower FDG doses, this infiltrated volume represents a larger percentage of the delivered dose than in the past, making infiltrations even more concerning in the future.
				 
 
How can we fix this FDG infiltration problem?

					Lucerno offers support for a comprehensive program for continuous quality improvement. The program starts with accurate measurement. Assessing how often FDG infiltrations really occur at a center is the first step to improving the problem. Only then can a center examine the circumstances that lead to infiltrations and develop a plan to implement corrective actions to minimize infiltrations in the future. After remediation plans have been instituted, new measurements should document improvement. These new “best practices” should become standardized across centers to ensure that all benefit from this knowledge. This should cause a continuous and meaningful drop in FDG infiltration rates.
				 
 
Will identifying FDG infiltrations lead to the complete elimination of infiltrations?

					It is unlikely that a process involving 2 humans performed 4.5 million times each year can ever be perfect, but an infiltration rate approaching 1% should be possible. Trained infusion nurses injecting chemotherapy agents have lowered their infiltration rates to ~1%. While certified nuclear medical technologists are committed to providing optimal imaging to their patients, they are not always trained to the same standards as infusion nurses. By using the Lara System to help identify each infiltration case, focusing on sharing best practices, and establishing new standard techniques, nuclear medicine labs should be able to reduce the infiltration rate towards 1%. Even with such a low infiltration rate, clinicians will still want to know which 1% of patients are affected by infiltration.
				 
 
 
 
 
 




Would you like to use the Lara™ System in your center?
You can reach us at info@lucernodynamics.com.

Email us

 
 
 




The Lara™ system is FDA listed for the QA/QC application described on this page.






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

I agree that the downloaded materials are the confidential information of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC. I agree that I will not disclose the downloaded materials without the prior written consent of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC.			





























Company Profile | Lucerno Dynamics






























  



 






















Select Page


  
 



 



 










Company Profile

 
 
 
 
 
 



Company Name
 
 

Lucerno Dynamics, LLC
 
 
 


 
 


Date Established
 
 

November 2, 2011
 
 
 


 
 


Company Type
 
 

A limited liability company registered in the State of North Carolina, USA
 
 
 


 
 


Board of Managers
 
 

Ron Lattanze
Anne Smalling
 
 
 


 
 


Registered Office
 
 

Morrisville, North Carolina, USA
 
 
 


 
 


Our Business
 
 

The development, manufacturing, and marketing of systems to detect and quantify the presence of radiolabeled biomarkers.
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

I agree that the downloaded materials are the confidential information of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC. I agree that I will not disclose the downloaded materials without the prior written consent of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC.			



























FAQ | Lucerno Dynamics






























  



 






















Select Page


  
 



 



 










Questions? We have answers.

 
 
 
 
 
 




Is LD technology patented?

Yes. US patent number 9,002,438 has been issued covering the Lucerno technology. A continuation-in-part is pending in the US, as well as pending patent applications in Japan.
 
 
Is the LD1 FDA approved?

No, the LD1 product has not yet been approved for marketing.
 
 
Can I use Lucerno technology in my clinical study?

Lucerno technology has already been incorporated in to several clinical studies, and we welcome ideas from investigators to include Lucerno technology in their studies. Let us know what you have in mind on info@lucernodynamics.com and we will respond.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

I agree that the downloaded materials are the confidential information of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC. I agree that I will not disclose the downloaded materials without the prior written consent of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC.			



























FAQ | Lucerno Dynamics






























  



 






















Select Page


  
 



 



 










Questions? We have answers.

 
 
 
 
 
 




Is LD technology patented?

Yes. US patent number 9,002,438 has been issued covering the Lucerno technology. A continuation-in-part is pending in the US, as well as pending patent applications in Japan.
 
 
Is the LD1 FDA approved?

No, the LD1 product has not yet been approved for marketing.
 
 
Can I use Lucerno technology in my clinical study?

Lucerno technology has already been incorporated in to several clinical studies, and we welcome ideas from investigators to include Lucerno technology in their studies. Let us know what you have in mind on info@lucernodynamics.com and we will respond.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

I agree that the downloaded materials are the confidential information of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC. I agree that I will not disclose the downloaded materials without the prior written consent of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC.			
























Lucerno Dynamics, LLC - Details
























Open Menu

Log In



Lucerno Dynamics, LLC



Back to Exhibitors



      Booth
        472 


Product Category:       Accessories;      PET;      PET/CT;      Services;      PET/MR

      Founded in 2011, Lucerno Dynamics is a North Carolina based medical device company focused on developing, manufacturing and marketing systems to detect and quantify the presence of radiolabeled biomarkers. Lucerno's first commercial product, The Lara™ System, dynamically measures the presence of radiopharmaceutical in an organ or body region during the uptake period as part of nuclear medicine procedures. By placing Lara™ sensors on a patients arms prior to injection of radiotracer, clinicians can easily assess the quality of injections at the end of the uptake period, prior to a PET/CT scan. By using the Lara™ System with Lucerno's proprietary software, centers can identify contributing factors impacting injection quality, make appropriate adjustments, and improve quality. Through periodic reviews of contributing factors and process improvements, centers can drive their overall infiltration rate down, and drive their quality indices up. Earlier this year, Lucerno Dynamics initiated "Lara-QI," the world's largest quality improvement study on the radiotracer injection process for patients undergoing PET/CT imaging.
      

              Web site: http://www.lucernodynamics.com
              Phone: 919-371-6800






All Events
Close Menu



Log In
Log in to access protected resources















	LUCERNO DYNAMICS Trademark of Lucerno Dynamics, LLC. Serial Number: 85824151 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Medical Instrument Products
LUCERNO DYNAMICS










 
Get FREE email alerts













LUCERNO DYNAMICS  Trademark Information
 Lucerno Dynamics, LLC
Medical device, namely, a radiation detector and software, sold together, for assessing medical treatment of tumors
Research in the field of medical devices and software for medical devices; product design and development in the field of medical devices and software for medical devices; software development in the field of medical devices
Technical consultation and support services, namely, providing analyzed medical information to medical professionals that is the result of medical information which has been gathered by and transmitted via medical devices in remote locations and then processed




Perfect for these industries

Medical Instrument Products
Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 





Words that describe this mark
medical   device         radiation   detector   software      sold      assessing   medical   treatment   tumors    
                                    




This is a brand page for the LUCERNO DYNAMICS trademark by Lucerno Dynamics, LLC 
                                in Morrisville, NC, 27650.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this LUCERNO DYNAMICS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Lucerno Dynamics, LLC of the LUCERNO DYNAMICS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the LUCERNO DYNAMICS trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, January 15, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        LUCERNO DYNAMICS by 
                        Lucerno Dynamics, LLC, Morrisville, NC  27650.
                        The USPTO has given the LUCERNO DYNAMICS 
                        trademark serial  number of  85824151.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for LUCERNO DYNAMICS is 
                        
                        
                                            Robert C. Van Arnam of 
                                            WILLIAMS MULLEN,  301 FAYETTEVILLE ST. STE 1700, RALEIGH NC 27601-2173 
                                .
                            The LUCERNO DYNAMICS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Medical Instrument Products
                                , 
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                , 
                                    Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for LUCERNO DYNAMICS 
                            is Medical device, namely, a radiation detector and software, sold together, for assessing medical treatment of tumors. 
                            





Word mark:
 LUCERNO DYNAMICS


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

8/4/2015



  Serial Number:  
85824151


  Filing Date:  
1/15/2013


 Registration Number:  
4786239 


 Registration Date:  
8/4/2015


 Goods and Services: 
Medical device, namely, a radiation detector and software, sold together, for assessing medical treatment of tumors


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
10/29/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

Lucerno Dynamics, LLCMorrisville, NC  27650
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Robert C. Van Arnam
WILLIAMS MULLEN
301 FAYETTEVILLE ST. STE 1700
RALEIGH NC 27601-2173






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (010) - Surgical, medical, dental, and veterinary apparatus and instruments, artificial limbs, eyes, and teeth; orthopedic articles; suture materials.


First Use Anywhere: 
5/14/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
5/14/2013




Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
5/14/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
5/14/2013




Primary Class: 
 Class (044) - Medical services; veterinary services; hygienic and beauty care for human beings or animals; agriculture, horticulture and forestry services. 


First Use Anywhere: 
5/14/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
5/14/2013





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your LUCERNO DYNAMICS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/4/2015
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Robert C. Van Arnam


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of LUCERNO DYNAMICS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search lucernodynamics on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for LUCERNO DYNAMICS 




LUCERNO DYNAMICS is providing Medical device, namely, a radiation detector and software, sold together, for assessing medical treatment of tumors.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















LUCERNO DYNAMICS Trademark - By: Lucerno Dynamics, LLC














Feedback
















Home 
Register a Trademark
Trademarks 

Register a Trademark
Search Trademarks
Trademark Categories

ChemicalsPaintsCosmetics and cleaning preparationsLubricants and fuelsPharmaceuticalsMetal goodsMachineryHand toolsElectrical and scientific apparatusMedical Apparatus 



About Us
Contact Us








Home &gt Categories &gt Medical Apparatus &gt Lucerno Dynamics 












 
















Serial Number:85824151Filing Date:January 15th, 2013Status/Date:New application will be assigned to an examining attorney approximately 3 months after filing date.January 18th, 2013Live/Dead IndicatorLive








LUCERNO DYNAMICSTrademark By:  Lucerno Dynamics, LLCDescriptionMedical device and software for assessing tumor response; treatment evaluation and guidance related to tumor responseConsulting services in the field of medical devices and software for medical devices; technical consultation and support for medical devices and software for medical devices; research in the field of medical devices and software for medical devices; product design and development in the field of medical devices and software for medical devices; software development in the field of medical devices


Summary
This is the brand and trademark page for LUCERNO DYNAMICS which was created on January 15th, 2013 by Lucerno Dynamics, LLC, an LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY.
	
	
	if($row->contact_hide > 0):
		echo ' The contact information for this file has been hidden by request.';
	else:
		echo ' The trademark owner is located at '.$row->owner_address.' in '.$row->owner_city.', '.$row->owner_state.'. ' .$row->owner_name.' can be contacted at '.$row->owner_phone.', '.$row->owner_email.' or '.$row->owner_website.'.';
	endif;
	?>
	
	



 
New application will be assigned to an examining attorney approximately 3 months after filing date.

 
Trademark Information

Mark Type:Trademark, Service Mark
Standard Character:true
Register:Principal
Colors Claimed:None.
Disclaimer:No disclaimer.
Translation:No translation.
Consent:No consent required.



Owner Information
Owner Name:Lucerno Dynamics, LLCAddress:909 Blenheim DriveCity:RaleighState:NORTH CAROLINAZip Code:27612Country:UNITED STATESPhone Number:(919) 981-4316Fax Number:(919) 981-4300Email Address:ip@williamsmullen.com


Correspondent Information
Correspondent Name:NEIL C. MAGNUSONFirm Name:WILLIAMS MULLENAddress continued:301 FAYETTEVILLE ST STE 1700City:RALEIGHState:NORTH CAROLINAZip:27601-2173Country:UNITED STATESPhone Number:(919) 981-4316Fax Number:(919) 981-4300Email Address:ip@williamsmullen.com


Services And/Or GoodsClass:010Status:ActiveDescription:Medical device and software for assessing tumor response; treatment evaluation and guidance related to tumor responseBasis:First Use:Not AvailableFirst use in Commerce:January 1st, 1970Class:042Status:ActiveDescription:Consulting services in the field of medical devices and software for medical devices; technical consultation and support for medical devices and software for medical devices; research in the field of medical devices and software for medical devices; product design and development in the field of medical devices and software for medical devices; software development in the field of medical devicesBasis:First Use:Not AvailableFirst use in Commerce:January 1st, 1970


Document Information
Current Location/Date::NEW APPLICATION PROCESSINGJanuary 18th, 2013

Status UpdatesDateStatusJanuary 22nd, 2013NEW APPLICATION OFFICE SUPPLIED DATA ENTERED IN TRAMJanuary 18th, 2013NEW APPLICATION ENTERED IN TRAM


CategoriesMedical ApparatusComputer, scientific & legal
Contact People

Lucerno Dynamics, LlcNeil C. Magnuson 

Removal Information
Click below to read about our removal policy.
Removal

Updated Date
Updated by MarkHound.com on February 21st, 2013.
Is this information not accurate? Click the button below to synchronize this trademark with the USPTO data.
Update Listing






Removal Information
Markhound.com is directly linked with the USPTO. Please update your information at USPTO.gov and our servers will reflect the changes.
The information on our website is of public record and is protected by the Freedom of Information Act.









© 2017 Trademark Hound LLC



							Connect with us via Facebook, Google Plus, and on Twitter. We will post interesting news regarding trademarks, branding, and other relevant information.
						
Email: trademarks@markhound.com






Facebook







Twitter Updates









Our Links


Search Trademarks
Trademark Categories
About Us
Contact Us












Home / About / Contact / Trademarks


					© Copyright 2017 Trademark Hound LLC. All rights reserved.
				































Select a Category to View Trademarks













Feedback
















Home 
Register a Trademark
Trademarks 

Register a Trademark
Search Trademarks
Trademark Categories

ChemicalsPaintsCosmetics and cleaning preparationsLubricants and fuelsPharmaceuticalsMetal goodsMachineryHand toolsElectrical and scientific apparatusMedical Apparatus 



About Us
Contact Us








Home &gt Categories 












 Trademark CategoriesSelect a category below to find a list of trademarks.

Chemicals
Chemicals used in industry, science and photography, as well as in agriculture, horticulture and forestry; unprocessed artificial resins, unprocessed plastics; manures; fire extinguishing compositions; tempering and soldering preparations; chemical substances for preserving foodstuffs; tanning substances; adhesives used in industry. 
View Category



Paints
Paints, varnishes, lacquers; preservatives against rust and against deterioration of wood; colorants; mordants; raw natural resins; metals in foil and powder form for painters, decorators, printers and artists. Explanatory Note This class includes mainly paints, colorants and preparations used for the protection against corrosion. Includes, in particular: paints, varnishes and lacquers for industry, handicrafts and arts; dyestuffs for clothing; colorants for foodstuffs and beverages. 
View Category



Cosmetics and cleaning preparations
Bleaching preparations and
		other substances for laundry use; cleaning, polishing, scouring and abrasive
		preparations; soaps; perfumery, essential oils, cosmetics, hair lotions;
		dentifrices.
View Category



Lubricants and fuels
Industrial oils and greases; lubricants;
		dust absorbing, wetting and binding compositions; fuels (including motor
		spirit) and illuminants; candles, wicks.
View Category



Pharmaceuticals
Pharmaceutical, veterinary and sanitary
		preparations; dietetic substances adapted for medical use, food for babies;
		plasters, materials for dressings; material for stopping teeth, dental wax;
		disinfectants; preparations for destroying vermin; fungicides, herbicides.
View Category



Metal goods
Common metals and their alloys; metal building
		materials; transportable buildings of metal; materials of metal for railway
		tracks; non-electric cables and wires of common metal; iron mongery, small
		items of metal hardware; pipes and tubes of metal; safes; goods of common metal
		not included in other classes; ores.
View Category



Machinery
Machines and machine tools; motors and engines
		(except for land vehicles); machine coupling and transmission components
		(except for land vehicles); agricultural implements other than hand-operated;
		incubators for eggs.
View Category



Hand tools
Hand tools and implements (hand operated); cutlery;
		side arms; razors.
View Category



Electrical and scientific apparatus
Scientific, nautical,
		surveying, electric, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing,
		measuring, signaling, checking (supervision), lifesaving and teaching apparatus
		and instruments; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound
		or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines
		and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating
		machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire-extinguishing
		apparatus.
View Category



Medical Apparatus
Surgical, medical, dental and veterinary
		apparatus and instruments, artificial limbs, eyes and teeth; orthopedic
		articles; suture materials.
View Category



Environmental control apparatus
Apparatus for lighting,
		heating, steam generating, cooking, refrigerating, drying, ventilating, water
		supply and sanitary purposes.
View Category



Vehicles
Vehicles; apparatus for locomotion by land, air or
		water.
View Category



Firearms
Firearms; ammunition and projectiles; explosives;
		fireworks.
View Category



Jewelry
Precious metals and their alloys and goods in
		precious metals or coated therewith, not included in other classes; jewelry,
		precious stones; horological and chronometric instruments.
View Category



Musical Instruments
Musical instruments.
View Category



Paper goods and printed matter
Paper, cardboard and goods
		made from these materials, not included in other classes; printed matter;
		bookbinding material; photographs; stationery; adhesives for stationery or
		household purposes; artists' materials; paint brushes; typewriters and office
		requisites (except furniture); instructional and teaching material (except
		apparatus); plastic materials for packaging (not included in other classes);
		playing cards; printers' type; printing blocks.
View Category



Rubber goods
Rubber, gutta-percha, gum, asbestos, mica and
		goods made from these materials and not included in other classes; plastics in
		extruded form for use in manufacture; packing, stopping and insulating
		materials; flexible pipes, not of metal.
View Category



Leather goods
Leather and imitations of leather, and goods
		made of these materials and not included in other classes; animal skins, hides;
		trunks and traveling bags; umbrellas, parasols and walking sticks; whips,
		harness and saddlery.
View Category



Furniture and articles not otherwise classified
Furniture,
		mirrors, picture frames; goods (not included in other classes) of wood, cork,
		reed, cane, wicker, horn, bone, ivory, whalebone, shell, amber,
		mother-of-pearl, meerschaum and substitutes for all these materials, or of
		plastics.
View Category



Housewares and glass
Household or kitchen utensils and containers (not of precious metal or coated therewith); combs and sponges; brushes (except paint brushes); brush-making materials; articles for cleaning
		purposes; steel wool; un-worked or semi-worked glass (except glass used in
		building); glassware, porcelain and earthenware not included in other classes.		
View Category



Yarns and threads
Yarns and threads, for textile use.
View Category



Clothing
Clothing, footwear, headgear.
View Category



Fancy goods
Lace and embroidery, ribbons and braid; buttons,
		hooks and eyes, pins and needles; artificial flowers.
View Category



Floor coverings
Carpets, rugs, mats and matting, linoleum and
		other materials for covering existing floors; wall hangings (non-textile).
View Category



Toys and sporting goods
Games and playthings; gymnastic and
		sporting articles not included in other classes; decorations for Christmas
		trees.
View Category



Staple foods
Coffee, tea, cocoa, sugar, rice, tapioca, sago,
		artificial coffee; flour and preparations made from cereals, bread, pastry and
		confectionery, ices; honey, treacle; yeast, baking-powder; salt, mustard;
		vinegar, sauces (condiments); spices; ice.
View Category



Natural agricultural products
Agricultural, horticultural and
		forestry products and grains not included in other classes; living animals;
		fresh fruits and vegetables; seeds, natural plants and flowers; foodstuffs for
		animals, malt.
View Category



Light beverages
Beers; mineral and aerated waters and other
		nonalcoholic drinks; fruit drinks and fruit juices; syrups and other
		preparations for making beverages.
View Category



Wine and spirits
Alcoholic beverages (except beers).
View Category



Smokers' articles
Tobacco; smokers' articles; matches.
View Category



Insurance and financial
Insurance; financial affairs;
		monetary affairs; real estate affairs.
View Category



Building construction and repair
Building construction;
		repair; installation services.
View Category



Telecommunications

View Category



Education and entertainment
Education; providing of training;
		entertainment; sporting and cultural activities.
View Category



Computer, scientific & legal
Scientific and technological
		services and research and design relating thereto: industrial analysis and
		research services; design and development of computer hardware and software;
		legal services.
View Category



Hotels and Restaurants
Services for providing food and drink;
		temporary accommodations.
View Category



Medical, beauty & agricultural
Medical services;
		veterinary services; hygienic and beauty care for human beings or animals;
		agriculture, horticulture and forestry services.
View Category



Personal
Personal and social services rendered by others to
		meet the needs of individuals; security services for the protection of property
		and individuals.
View Category



Treatment of materials
Treatment of materials.
View Category



Nonmetallic building materials
Building materials (nonmetallic); nonmetallic rigid pipes for building; asphalt, pitch and bitumen; nonmetallic transportable buildings; monuments, not of metal. 
View Category



Cordage and fibers
Ropes, string, nets, tents, awnings, tarpaulins, sails, sacks and bags (not included in other classes); padding and stuffing materials (except of rubber or plastics); raw fibrous textile materials. 
View Category



Fabrics
Textiles and textile goods, not included in other classes; bed and table covers. 
View Category



Meats and processed foods
Meat, fish, poultry and game; meat extracts; preserved, dried and cooked fruits and vegetables; jellies, jams, fruit sauces; eggs, milk and milk products; edible oils and fats. 
View Category



Advertising and business
Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 
View Category



Transportation and storage
Transport; packaging and storage of goods; travel arrangement. 
View Category

 







© 2017 Trademark Hound LLC



							Connect with us via Facebook, Google Plus, and on Twitter. We will post interesting news regarding trademarks, branding, and other relevant information.
						
Email: trademarks@markhound.com






Facebook







Twitter Updates









Our Links


Search Trademarks
Trademark Categories
About Us
Contact Us












Home / About / Contact / Trademarks


					© Copyright 2017 Trademark Hound LLC. All rights reserved.
				































Trademark Category - Medical Apparatus














Feedback
















Home 
Register a Trademark
Trademarks 

Register a Trademark
Search Trademarks
Trademark Categories

ChemicalsPaintsCosmetics and cleaning preparationsLubricants and fuelsPharmaceuticalsMetal goodsMachineryHand toolsElectrical and scientific apparatusMedical Apparatus 



About Us
Contact Us








Home &gt Categories &gt Medical Apparatus 












 Medical ApparatusSurgical, medical, dental and veterinary
		apparatus and instruments, artificial limbs, eyes and teeth; orthopedic
		articles; suture materials.










GOLD COAST
A Statement of Use has been forwarded to the examining attorney for examination.
View Trademark












HEALTEC
A Statement of Use has been forwarded to the examining attorney for examination.
View Trademark












DELIÃ‰
Review prior to registration completed.
View Trademark












MALARKEY KIDS
A Statement of Use has been forwarded to the examining attorney for examination.
View Trademark












COLORSURE
A Statement of Use has been forwarded to the examining attorney for examination.
View Trademark












EVERY TOUCH IS A STEP FORWARD
A Statement of Use has been forwarded to the examining attorney for examination.
View Trademark












Dignity Health
A Statement of Use has been forwarded to the examining attorney for examination.
View Trademark












LLLLLLL
A Statement of Use has been forwarded to the examining attorney for examination.
View Trademark












ALLELES
A Statement of Use has been forwarded to the examining attorney for examination.
View Trademark

1234567891011 > Last › 







© 2017 Trademark Hound LLC



							Connect with us via Facebook, Google Plus, and on Twitter. We will post interesting news regarding trademarks, branding, and other relevant information.
						
Email: trademarks@markhound.com






Facebook







Twitter Updates









Our Links


Search Trademarks
Trademark Categories
About Us
Contact Us












Home / About / Contact / Trademarks


					© Copyright 2017 Trademark Hound LLC. All rights reserved.
				





























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















Lucerno Dynamics LLC | North Carolina Biotech Center

























Jump to navigation







We make connections that create biotech jobs.














NCBiotech Company Directory
A comprehensive listing of North Carolina's life science industry | New search


 









Lucerno Dynamics LLC


http://www.lucernodynamics.com Lucerno Dynamics is commercializing a noninvasive device for quality assurance and control in nuclear medicine imaging. Future applications of the technology include immunotherapy and chemotherapy assessment.
 


 
 


Location
100 Delaplane CourtMorrisville, NC 27560Phone (919) 371-6800County WakeRegion Triangle 






 
 


Company classification


Company type Bioscience Company Year founded 2011Employment in NC 1-19US headquarters North CarolinaGlobal headquarters United States 

Company activities Research and DevelopmentCore capabilities Biomarkers 

Potential end market(s)
DevicesDiagnosticsCancers and other Neoplasms
Products on market LaraProducts under development LD1 ID, LD1 TR, and PRT2 





 















Funding
Business Services
Job Services








News & Events
About Us
Biotech in NC


















  



  



  



  



  






 
Become a sponsor | Sponsor login


 
 











Questions about the NCBiotech Company Directory?
library@ncbiotech.org
15 TW Alexander Drive
Post Office Box 13547
Research Triangle Park, NC 27709-3547
Directions






The NCBiotech Library strives to provide accurate and current data on the bioscience community in North Carolina. The NCBiotech Company Directory is copyrighted by the North Carolina Biotechnology Center. When citing information in the Directory, attribute as: "North Carolina Biotechnology Center Company Directory, directory.ncbiotech.org.” To reproduce content from the Directory, contact the NCBiotech Library.







Stay connected

Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube




Privacy
Legal
Accessibility


  















Lucerno Dynamics Company Profile | Matchdeck






























Products


Corporate Search


Company Monitor


Trade Connect




Solutions


Specialist Company Research


Data Enrichment & maintenance


Monitoring


Trade Matching


Identity and Trust


Relationship Mapping




Use Cases


Due Dilligence


Market Places


Recruitment


Information Services


Government Trade




Our Technology


Data Architecture


AI Web Extraction Engine


Technology Stack


Orchestrate


Knowledge Graph


Compute


Micro-services


Web Services


Engineering






Company


About Us


Key Assets


Why Linked Data


Leadership


Contact us


Give us feedback


Submit a website




Get API access




Directories


Sectors


Regions


Business Opportunities


Trending




Search / Browse



Corporate Search




Browse Companies




Browse Projects




All projects




Projects by Region




Projects by Sector











Sign up / Login








Menu


×
Close





Menu


×
Close








Link copied to clipboard!

×












Find another company:
































Lucerno Dynamics






Also known as:


Lucerno Dynamics, LLC






Site checked


29 days ago




Last website update detected


2 months ago
























Description


Recent changes


Contact info


Additional info


Employees


Linked Domains









Short description




Our breakthrough system can dynamically detect, quantify, and record with high-fidelity the presence of radiolabeled biomarkers in tissue quickly, safely, and inexpensively.














Contact Info





Access Lucerno Dynamics's contact information


Contact Information Summary



Website


lucernodynamics.com




Emails


1




Telephone numbers


1











EMPLOYEES AT Lucerno Dynamics





Get instant access to Lucerno Dynamics’s employee data with biographies and contact information

Employee Data Summary



Senior Employees


6




Other Employees


11




Employee Biographies


17




Former employees


1











Additional info







ID:


7505956/61




Matchdeck number:


5603043




Also known as:


Lucerno Dynamics, LLC




Domain / Website Status


OK




Category


Company












Linked Domains





6
Linked domains










Changes to Lucerno Dynamics





Show me changes in the last

1M | 3M | 6M | 9M | 12M
|
All



93 changes since 11 Apr, 2013





Changes



Get instant access to Lucerno Dynamics change data, covering everything from employee changes to web page changes.








Integer


Pellentesque


Aenean


Lorem ipsum


Aenean


Lorem ipsum.





Integer posuere erat a ante venenatis dapibus posuere velit aliquet.


Pellentesque ornare sem lacinia quam venenatis vestibulum.


Aenean eu leo quam.


Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.


Aenean eu.


Lorem ipsum.




Magna Sollicitudin


Consectetur Sit Magna


Aenean eu leo quam.


Adipiscing Porta


Condimentum Ullamcorper.


Nibh Ligula.




Magna Sollicitudin


Consectetur leo quam.


Aenean eu  Sit Magna


Adipiscing Porta


Condimentum


Nibh Ligula  Ullamcorper.




Magna Sollicitudin


Consectetur Sit Magna


Aenean eu leo quam.


Adipiscing Porta


Condimentum Ullamcorper.


Nibh Ligula.













Want us to email you when anything at Lucerno Dynamics changes?
Get alerts when we detect key change events including changes to employees, contact information, partners and much more.
Get an alert when Lucerno Dynamics changes

Want to find another company?
Search our database of 16M companies worldwide
Find another company


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































LLC vs. Inc | Differences Between LLC & Inc  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




LLC vs. Corporation: What's the Difference?


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











You can think of these as two different company structures with very different tax requirements. Whichever way you choose to go, you're going to look more legit than the other guys. So just take a minute to consider your short-and long-term business goals to figure out which structure is best for you.
Advantages and Disadvantages
A limited liability company is a type of business structure that offers personal liability protections and a few tax advantages to boot. The "LL" in LLC is what protects your personal assets in the event of a judgment against your company. Corporations offer limited liability as well, so we're going to focus on the structural and taxation differences in the chart below.



Advantages of an LLC
Advantages of a Corporation




 No limit on the number of owners
 May issue shares of stock to attract investors


 Profit and loss are passed through to the owners' individual tax returns
 Corporate income splitting may help lower overall tax liability


 No annual meeting or minute book requirements
 






Disadvantages of an LLC
Disadvantages of a Corporation




 Cannot engage in corporate income splitting to lower tax liability
 C corp tax structure requires double taxation of corporate profits (s corp's does not)


 Cannot issue stock
 Must hold annual meetings and record minutes


 
 S corporations have restrictions on the number of owners



LLC or Corporation: Which One Is Right for Me?
Business goals aren't one size fits all, and neither is incorporating. When deciding which kind of corporation fits your business strategy, consider some of the differences that each kind offers. And take a deeper dive with our comprehensive comparison chart.
Find out which corporation is right for your business with our business wizard!
Learn More About Legal Business Structures
Regardless of which business structure you choose, incorporate.com can help you incorporate or form an LLC online or by phone in minutes.

Limited Liability Company (LLC) 
C Corporation 
S Corporation
Nonprofit Corporation
Professional Corporation 
Series LLC
Limited Partnership


Ready to Form Your Business?
get started





Let's get to it.

Incorporate in any state, starting as low as

$79

plus state fees

Get Started






Download a Free Business Formation Guide




First Name



Last Name



Email






Primary Phone






By entering your telephone number and clicking "Continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800-818-6082 to speak to someone who can help you. Your personal information will remain private.


















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING






































Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































Get Started in Any State  | incorporate.com




















































 Click to Complete by Phone



				CLOSE
				

















                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    












Select a State for Your New Business Entity
Select a State
Many businesses incorporate in their home states, but there are advantages to selecting other states.




Please Select
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




										Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
									



Continue





Choose the Type of Entity You'd Like to Form
Choose an Entity Type
LLC is the most popular entity type for small businesses, but it's not for everyone. We've provided descriptions of some common entity types to help you choose.










{{entity.type}}







{{ entity.type }}
{{ entity.description }}

 {{list}}

Frequently Asked Questions 


Packages starting at

${{entity.price | numberTwoDecimalsUnlessTrailingZeros}}
$

Plus State Fees

{{entity.discountCode}}
{{entity.intlDiscountCode}}

Select














								Need help selecting a state for your new business entity?
							

Choosing Your Home State
Why Delaware is the 'Best'



Top States to incorporate in



27% of customers select
										Delaware
									


12% of customers select
										California
									


10% of customers select
										Florida
									


6% of customers select
										New York
									


5% of customers select
										Nevada
									


5% of customers select
										Texas
									








 






        incorporate.com keeps my deadlines organized. The customer service is outstanding and those who have helped me have been nice, professional, and incredibly helpful. 
        
Susan C. – Washington, DC – 4/14/2015














 


The Corporate Veil Guarantee is not available to residents of North Carolina.
©2017 incorporate.com. All rights reserved. 
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice. 



Legal
Privacy










LOADING







×





Create









×




Along with picking the right entity type for your business, it's important to consider which state to incorporate in.
For most small business owners, the choice is simple: they incorporate in the state where their company is physically located, known as 'home state incorporation.' However, there are good reasons to consider forming your corporation or LLC in certain other states, including tax advantages, streamlined judicial processes, and easier business filing requirements.
For example, many business owners choose to incorporate in Delaware, which is a favored business jurisdiction for the previously mentioned and other reasons.

Delaware is widely considered to be one of the nation's most business-friendly jurisdictions. There are a number of reasons to incorporate your small business in Delaware, including:

Well-established and flexible business laws
Low franchise tax on small businesses
No tax on capital stock or assets
No state sales tax
A special business court (Court of Chancery) that minimizes the time and cost of commercial litigation
No residency requirement for shareholders, directors, and officers of a corporation or members or managers of an LLC























×
Just a few details and we'll get you started.

















By entering your telephone number and clicking "continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.






Close


Continue














We just need a few details.
Is this the correct email address?

Thanks! Check your inbox for an email from incorporate.com. When you're ready to continue your order, simply click the link and it will be here waiting.





										Fill out the form below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									

										If you would like to change your email address, edit it below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									















Please Select Country
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard And Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Republic of
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre And Miquelon
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Zaire
Zambia












											By providing your telephone number(s) and clicking save and send, you expressly authorize incorporate.com to contact you at the telephone number(s) above, regarding any order(s) or to introduce marketing offers, using automated telephone dialing systems. You are not required to provide this consent in order to purchase goods or services.
										



Close
Save & Send





Close
start new order











































Starting a Business - Forming an LLC or Corporation  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




Starting a Business


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











Take that first step.
Starting a business can be scary, but knowing what you need to make it happen makes things easier.
Getting Started





Business Formation Wizard






Not Sure Whether Incorporating or Forming an LLC is Right for You? Want to find out what others in your industry are doing? Let our wizard help. More…







Business Entity Types






To get the most out of your small business, choose the right structure. Selecting the right type of company for your new business helps maximize your chances of financial and operational success. More…







Employer Identification Number (EIN)






Corporations, most LLCs, and all businesses with employees must have this IRS-issued identifier. Much like a Social Security Number, an Employer Identification Number (EIN) is a federal nine-digit number that identifies a business entity. More…







Business Licenses & Permits






Most state, county, and local governments require companies to have the right licenses and permits in place before they open their doors. More…







Name Reservations






A name reservation lets you hold a particular business name for later use and prevents other companies from registering that name without notice to you. Get a free corporate name check today. More…







Register a Business Name






Many state and local governments require companies to register any alternate names under which they conduct business. Registering a DBA name alerts the public that your business intends to use that name. More…







Registered Agent Service






Corporations and Limited Liability Companies (LLCs) are required by state law to have an address where they can receive important legal and tax documents during all business hours. The person or firm receiving these documents is known as the company's "Registered Agent." More…




Business Entities





Limited Liability Company (LLC)






An LLC is a great choice for businesses that want the liability protection of a corporation with less paperwork. More…







C Corporation






A C Corporation is the most common business entity. An ideal choice for businesses that want to attract investors. More…







S Corporation






An S Corporation is a great choice for small businesses that want to avoid double taxation on business profits. More…







Nonprofit Corporation






A Non Profit business structure is the right choice for scientific, religious, educational or charitable endeavors. More…







Professional Corporation






Some states allow Professional LLCs for licensed professionals, including doctors, accountants, lawyers, engineers, architects and realtors. More…







Series LLC






A Series LLCs permits multiple members, managers and business lines. Allowed in some states. More…







Limited Partnership






A Limited Partnership provides some protection from liability for certain partners. More…




No Dumb Questions
Get your questions answered and learn more about starting your business by calling 800.818.6082.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING




























