


Lucus

















Investment Approach
Investment Strategies
Risk Management
Careers
About Lucus
        
Overview
Team
News


Login





Investment ApproachInvestment StrategiesRisk ManagementCareers

About Lucus OverviewTeamNewsLogin













Managing strategies to produce sustainable high risk-adjusted returns for investors.
About us







Led by a team of experienced investment professionals.
Team







A solid set of principles are  the foundation for our investment approach.
Investment Approach







Carefully crafted investment strategies are built to generate sustainable returns for investors.
Investment Strategies










Managing strategies to produce sustainable high risk-adjusted returns for investors.About Us 

Led by a team of experienced investment professionals.Team 

A solid set of principles are  the foundation for our investment approach.Investment Approach 

Carefully crafted investment strategies are built to generate sustainable returns for investors.Investment Strategies 




















About Us | Lucus

















Investment Approach
Investment Strategies
Risk Management
Careers
About Lucus
        
Overview
Team
News


Login





Investment ApproachInvestment StrategiesRisk ManagementCareers

About Lucus OverviewTeamNewsLogin








OverviewTeamNews

About Lucus | OverviewLucus AdvisorsLucus is an SEC-registered investment advisor that seeks to generate sustainable high risk-adjusted returns for its partners.

TeamLucus' strong team is the key component of our success.Learn MoreNewsRead the latest new on Lucus’ funds.Learn More















News | Lucus


















Investment Approach
Investment Strategies
Risk Management
Careers
About Lucus
        
Overview
Team
News


Login





Investment ApproachInvestment StrategiesRisk ManagementCareers

About Lucus OverviewTeamNewsLogin







OverviewTeamNews

About Lucus | NewsNews About Red Alder’s Activist Campaigns.

Ascena Agrees to Buy Ann Taylor Owner for $2.16 Billion“Ascena Retail Group Inc. agreed to buy Ann Inc. for about $2.16 billion, unifying the Ann Taylor and Lane Bryant brands in a bid to attract more working women. […] Investors Engine Capital and Red Alder pressed Ann to consider a sale last year. ”Read MoreRed Alder Group Delivers Letter to Board of ClubCorp Holdings Urging Pursuit of Restructuring“Red Alder LLC and ADW Capital Partners LP, significant shareholders of ClubCorp Holdings, Inc., today announced that they have delivered a letter to independent members of the Company’s Board of Directors, urging the Company to immediately pursue a restructuring transaction.”Read MoreInvestors Urge Ann Taylor to Explore Sale of Chain “Ann Inc., the parent company of Ann Taylor stores, is being pressed to explore options, including a sale by activist investor Engine Capital and the hedge fund Red Alder.”Read More

News About Lucus and its Team.

Unstereotyped: Meet the white valedictorian of a historically black college“At first glance, Joshua Packwood is the embodiment of white privilege: He's college educated, married, a father of two and he runs a successful hedge fund in Manhattan. But his life, which began in Kansas City, Missouri, hasn't always been so good.”Read More














Contact | Lucus

















Investment Approach
Investment Strategies
Risk Management
Careers
About Lucus
        
Overview
Team
News


Login





Investment ApproachInvestment StrategiesRisk ManagementCareers

About Lucus OverviewTeamNewsLogin








Contact


Full Name



Email Address



Company Name (optional)



Inquiry Topic



Message






















Investment Approach | Lucus

















Investment Approach
Investment Strategies
Risk Management
Careers
About Lucus
        
Overview
Team
News


Login





Investment ApproachInvestment StrategiesRisk ManagementCareers

About Lucus OverviewTeamNewsLogin







Investment ApproachVirtues that guide investment approach. Lucus is an investment management firm that seeks to generate sustainable high risk-adjusted returns for its partners.It is our mission to strive to create a dynamic culture that develops resilient, differentiated, and high-performing investment strategies that are aligned with our partners’ interests.





Our Virtues

Adaptability


Adaptability is the ability to adjust oneself readily to different conditions.At Lucus we recognize that some things in the world stay the same, but many things change. In order to achieve our goal of generating high risk-adjusted returns over long periods of time, we must be able to evolve ourselves, strategies, and firm with the inevitable future transformations in our environment.

Clarity


Clarity is the capability to think and communicate clearly.We are bombarded with more information and stimuli than we are able to process entirely. The limitless permutations of investment strategies requires that we effectively isolate the promising approaches. We must balance focusing on the intricate details of the problem by freeing our minds to explore alternate solutions and abstract away the minutiae to identify the essential elements.

Humility


Humility is the recognition of limited understanding and control of external forces.No matter how diligently we research and how devoted we are to Lucus’ Mission, we will never understand everything. There will always be people better-informed and wiser in certain areas than us. We risk alienating those people and losing out on their potential value to our partners if we do not exercise humility. The art of investing is one of utmost uncertainty. Independent of our results, particularly over shorter periods of time, we must recognize the role of luck and the lack of control that we have in many aspects of our business.

Industry


Industry is the energetic devotion to a task or an endeavor. No one is born with an inherent understanding of how asset prices behave or how businesses evolve and improve. These things are learned (if ever) through hard work and extensive experiences. We all have a limited amount of energy and resources. In order to make the most of our limited inputs, we diligently apply ourselves to the task of creating a self-sustaining institution that consistently generates high risk- adjusted returns for our partners. Only through our labors do we gain the satisfaction of our achievements. 

Ingenuity


Ingenuity is the quality of being clever, skillful, inventive, or creative in conceptualization or design.Many “smart” people have created numerous investment strategies. We must be humble as we attempt to create new approaches to investing and we cannot be wholly dependent on “intelligence” to get us there. We must be clever and original in our thinking of how assets are priced and how to exploit or create exploitable mispricings. There is something profound to the human spirit in the "Eureka!" moments, and we strive to achieve as many of those spirit-uplifting moments as possible. 

Introspection


Introspection is the observation or examination of one’s own mental processes and states of mind. In order to identify areas of improvement and plans to address those deficiencies, we take the time to observe ourselves and our environment. One of the defining characteristics (and evolutionary advantages) of humans is our ability to think in an observant manner.







Adaptability is the ability to adjust oneself readily to different conditions.At Lucus we recognize that some things in the world stay the same, but many things change. In order to achieve our goal of generating high risk-adjusted returns over long periods of time, we must be able to evolve ourselves, strategies, and firm with the inevitable future transformations in our environment.

Clarity is the capability to think and communicate clearly.We are bombarded with more information and stimuli than we are able to process entirely. The limitless permutations of investment strategies requires that we effectively isolate the promising approaches. We must balance focusing on the intricate details of the problem by freeing our minds to explore alternate solutions and abstract away the minutiae to identify the essential elements.

Humility is the recognition of limited understanding and control of external forces.No matter how diligently we research and how devoted we are to Lucus’ Mission, we will never understand everything. There will always be people better-informed and wiser in certain areas than us. We risk alienating those people and losing out on their potential value to our partners if we do not exercise humility. The art of investing is one of utmost uncertainty. Independent of our results, particularly over shorter periods of time, we must recognize the role of luck and the lack of control that we have in many aspects of our business. 

Industry is the energetic devotion to a task or an endeavor. No one is born with an inherent understanding of how asset prices behave or how businesses evolve and improve. These things are learned (if ever) through hard work and extensive experiences. We all have a limited amount of energy and resources. In order to make the most of our limited inputs, we diligently apply ourselves to the task of creating a self-sustaining institution that consistently generates high risk- adjusted returns for our partners. Only through our labors do we gain the satisfaction of our achievements. 

Ingenuity is the quality of being clever, skillful, inventive, or creative in conceptualization or design.Many “smart” people have created numerous investment strategies. We must be humble as we attempt to create new approaches to investing and we cannot be wholly dependent on “intelligence” to get us there. We must be clever and original in our thinking of how assets are priced and how to exploit or create exploitable mispricings. There is something profound to the human spirit in the "Eureka!" moments, and we strive to achieve as many of those spirit-uplifting moments as possible.  

Introspection is the observation or examination of one’s own mental processes and states of mind. In order to identify areas of improvement and plans to address those deficiencies, we take the time to observe ourselves and our environment. One of the defining characteristics (and evolutionary advantages) of humans is our ability to think in an observant manner. 



Our Investment PhilosophyIn order to generate sustainable high risk-adjusted returns, we concentrate our specific skill sets into specialized approaches that allow us to maximize our productivity and probability of success and efficiency.Our Virtues

AdaptabilityClarityHumilityIndustryIngenuityIntrospection

















Risk Management | Lucus

















Investment Approach
Investment Strategies
Risk Management
Careers
About Lucus
        
Overview
Team
News


Login





Investment ApproachInvestment StrategiesRisk ManagementCareers

About Lucus OverviewTeamNewsLogin






Risk ManagementRisk management is the key to insuring against uncertainties.The team at Lucus believes that risk management is the key to insuring against uncertainties and therefore works to seamlessly integrate it into strategy.We employ rigorous risk controls adapted for each of our strategies:





Our Strategies
At Lucus Advisors we have worked hard to develop strategies that are meaningful and successful.

Red Alder


Select downside evaluation and reduction triggers
Manage fundamental uncertainty via intensive due diligence and management interaction
Hedge non-core / non-differentiated assumptions
Utilize patient capital to capitalize on market stress and corporate flux
Select entry opportunities carefully and hold cash until we have a differentiated thesis
Foster diverse opinions and be creative on how we gather them; know opposing arguments and promote a culture of intellectual honesty by constantly discussing how we could be wrong and monitoring for thesis drift; actively avoid confirmation bias
Seek quantitative robustness by comparing detailed models to “toy models” / ”back of the envelope” calculations
Stay disciplined on process yet always search for means of improvement; study outstanding processes across fields. Present the same risks in different ways to prevent framing biases.


Kernel


Risk controls are based on fundamental, statistical and macroeconomic equity factor models.
Our highly-refined, rigorous fundamental process is implemented systematically to eliminate human decision biases.
Daily risk decomposition into factor-based risk and stock-specific risk.


Coppice


Ongoing risk evaluation regardless of changes in performance, correlations, positions, exposure, and organization.
If an underlying position declines by 10% of cost, the Investment Committee holds an ad hoc meeting to review the position. If the thesis has drifted or the underlying fund has experienced adverse structural changes, the position will be exited as a matter of course. If the position declines by 20% at cost, then it will likely be eliminated.








Red AlderKernelCoppice

















Leadership | Lucus


















Investment Approach
Investment Strategies
Risk Management
Careers
About Lucus
        
Overview
Team
News


Login





Investment ApproachInvestment StrategiesRisk ManagementCareers

About Lucus OverviewTeamNewsLogin








OverviewTeamNews

About Lucus | TeamExperienced team with proven track records.The leadership of Lucus is supported by the diligent efforts of an accomplished team of professionals from diverse professional, academic, and cultural backgrounds. Members of our team have gained valuable experience at some of the most successful and prestigious investing and investing-related organizations, such as Goldman Sachs, Skadden, Third Point, Citadel, Millennium, and Blackstone. Our team has also been educated at some of the world’s top academic institutions, including Harvard, Morehouse, Princeton, and the University of Chicago, in several cases earning top student prizes, valedictory (or equivalent) honors, and/or advanced degrees and professional certifications. The value we deliver for our investment partners is created by our people; therefore, recruiting, developing, and retaining our team is a top priority for us.



Schuster TangerMANAGING PARTNERSchuster most recently worked at Third Point, an $18 billion investment adviser based in New York City that employs an event driven, value oriented investment style, from November 2009 to May 2012. While at Third Point, he focused primarily on special situation public equity opportunities across the United States and Europe. Previously, he worked in the Special Situations Group at Goldman Sachs where he focused on investing in small- and mid-cap US credit opportunities, both distressed and non-distressed, public and private (from July 2008 to October 2009).He is a graduate of Princeton University with a degree in Operations Research and Financial Engineering magna cum laude and Certificates in Applied and Computational Mathematics, Finance, and Engineering Management Systems; he was awarded the prize for top senior thesis.

Joshua PackwoodMANAGING PARTNERJoshua most recently worked in the Global Equities Division in the New York offices of Citadel, a $22 billion multi-strategy investment management firm, from June 2010 to May 2012. While at Citadel, he focused on investing in the financial and technology sectors in North and South America. Previously, he worked in the Special Situations Group at Goldman Sachs where he focused on asset securitizations and distressed debt investing (from May 2008 to June 2010). He is a graduate of Morehouse College with a degree in Economics and was a Rhodes Scholar finalist and Valedictorian.




SCHUSTER TANGERJOSHUA PACKWOOD


















﻿
































Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co. Has $17.15 Million Stake in Continental Building Products, Inc. (NYSE:CBPX) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Continental Building Products Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Continental Building Products Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co. Reduces Position in Eastman Chemical Company (NYSE:EMN)
Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (NASDAQ:FOX) Shares Bought by Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co.
Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co. Has $17.15 Million Stake in Continental Building Products, Inc. (NYSE:CBPX)
Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (NYSE:DKS) Position Increased by Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co.
Cineplex Inc (CGX) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.14
ConAgra Foods Inc. (CAG) Plans Dividend Increase – $0.21 Per Share
Xerox Corporation (XRX) Raises Dividend to $0.25 Per Share
Alliance Data Systems Corporation (NYSE:ADS) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.52
Monro Muffler Brake, Inc. (NASDAQ:MNRO) Updates FY18 Earnings Guidance
Analyzing Watsco (WSO.B) and Lennox International (NYSE:LII)
Financial Comparison: Capital Southwest Corporation (CSWC) vs. PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (NASDAQ:QQQ)
Cutera (CUTR) and The Spectranetics Corporation (NASDAQ:SPNC) Critical Review
Daktronics (NASDAQ:DAKT) and Corning (GLW) Financial Analysis
Harvey Capital Management Inc. Maintains Position in Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE:RAD)
Founders Capital Management Has $129,000 Position in Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (NYSE:BHE)
-$0.78 Earnings Per Share Expected for NewLink Genetics Corporation (NLNK) This Quarter
Analysts Expect PRA Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:PRAA) to Announce $0.48 EPS
Sociedad Quimica y Minera S.A. (NYSE:SQM) Position Maintained by Harvey Capital Management Inc.
Fruth Investment Management Sells 125 Shares of Ingevity Corp (NASDAQ:NGVT)
North Star Investment Management Corp. Continues to Hold Position in American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG)




 


Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co. Has $17.15 Million Stake in Continental Building Products, Inc. (NYSE:CBPX)

					Posted by Sarita Garza on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 




Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co. reduced its position in  Continental Building Products, Inc. (NYSE:CBPX) by 1.5% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 735,907 shares of the construction company’s stock after selling 11,256 shares during the period. Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co. owned about 1.88% of Continental Building Products worth $17,147,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in  Continental Building Products by 4.3% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,142,646 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $101,495,000 after buying an additional 172,234 shares in the last quarter.  Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its position in  Continental Building Products by 15.6% in the first quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 1,461,002 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $35,795,000 after buying an additional 196,797 shares in the last quarter.  Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in  Continental Building Products by 10.9% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,403,609 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $32,424,000 after buying an additional 138,293 shares in the last quarter.  Copper Rock Capital Partners LLC boosted its position in  Continental Building Products by 12.6% in the second quarter. Copper Rock Capital Partners LLC now owns 1,071,594 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $24,754,000 after buying an additional 119,618 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, State Street Corp boosted its position in  Continental Building Products by 4.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 725,054 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $16,749,000 after buying an additional 31,227 shares in the last quarter. 97.65% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Continental Building Products Inc. alerts:



Continental Building Products, Inc. (NYSE CBPX) traded down 1.77% during trading on Thursday, hitting $22.25. The company had a trading volume of 58,746 shares. Continental Building Products, Inc. has a one year low of $18.35 and a one year high of $26.52. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $23.53 and a 200-day moving average of $24.01. The stock has a market capitalization of $872.65 million, a PE ratio of 20.43 and a beta of 1.31. 




Continental Building Products (NYSE:CBPX) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The construction company reported $0.32 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.06. Continental Building Products had a net margin of 9.30% and a return on equity of 15.57%. The business had revenue of $120.60 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $109.81 million. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.30 EPS. Continental Building Products’s revenue was up 8.2% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities analysts anticipate that  Continental Building Products, Inc. will post $1.36 EPS for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first  posted by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/20/dalton-greiner-hartman-maher-co-has-17-15-million-stake-in-continental-building-products-inc-nysecbpx.html. 
Several research firms recently weighed in on CBPX. Zacks Investment Research raised Continental Building Products from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $28.00 price objective on shares of Continental Building Products in a research report on Monday, June 19th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Continental Building Products presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $25.20.
About Continental Building Products
Continental Building Products, Inc is a manufacturer of gypsum wallboard and complementary finishing products. The Company operates through wallboard segment. Gypsum wallboard is a primary building material used in residential and commercial construction and in repair and remodel (R&R). It offers customers a range of gypsum wallboard products, including LiftLite, its lightweight product designed to lift and install; its Mold Defense line of products designed for protection against mold and mildew, and its Weather Defense line of moisture and mold-resistant exterior sheathing.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CBPX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Continental Building Products, Inc. (NYSE:CBPX).







Receive News & Ratings for Continental Building Products Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Continental Building Products Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website




























































Lucus Advisors LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























lucus advisors llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Lucus Advisors LLC operates as an investment firm. The Company offers investment advisory and portfolio management services. Lucus Advisors serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

80 Broad Street
Suite 2502
New York, NY 10004
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.lucusadvisors.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Joshua Packwood


Managing Partner




Schuster Tanger


Managing Partner







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































﻿
































Zacks: Analysts Expect Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA) Will Announce Earnings of $0.16 Per Share - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Mueller Water Products
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Mueller Water Products with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Cwm LLC Has $154,000 Stake in BB&T Corporation (BBT)
Consolidated Edison Inc (ED) Shares Sold by Union Bankshares Corp
Ronna Sue Cohen Has $481,000 Stake in International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM)
Ycg LLC Reduces Stake in Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX)
American Tower Corporation (REIT) (NYSE:AMT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company
Spirit of America Management Corp NY Raises Position in American Tower Corporation (REIT) (NYSE:AMT)
Humana Inc. (NYSE:HUM) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Hold”
Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) is NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan’s 8th Largest Position
Danaher Corporation (NYSE:DHR) Shares Sold by Argent Capital Management LLC
Skechers USA Inc (NYSE:SKX) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.06 EPS
Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:SWKS) Announces  Earnings Results
Financial Analysis: Seritage Growth Properties (SRG) and Winthrop Realty Trust (FUR)
Head to Head Review: Universal Technical Institute (UTI) versus Tarena International (TEDU)
Grupo Televisa (TV) versus Media General (MEG) Critical Review
Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:KOF) Receives $92.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts
Huaneng Power International, Inc. (NYSE:HNP) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Analysts Set Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:IART) Target Price at $52.85
Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Receives $84.65 Consensus Price Target from Analysts
Cars.com Inc (CARS) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum
Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect ENGlobal Corp (NYSE:ENG) Share Price




 


Zacks: Analysts Expect Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA) Will Announce Earnings of $0.16 Per Share

					Posted by Mitch Edgeman on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 




Analysts expect Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA) to announce earnings per share (EPS) of $0.16 for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Six analysts have issued estimates for Mueller Water Products’ earnings, with estimates ranging from $0.13 to $0.18. Mueller Water Products posted earnings per share of $0.18 during the same quarter last year, which would indicate a negative year over year growth rate of 11.1%. The firm is expected to report its next quarterly earnings report  on Wednesday, August 2nd.
On average, analysts expect that Mueller Water Products will report full year earnings of $0.45 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.41 to $0.48. For the next fiscal year, analysts forecast that the firm will report earnings of $0.54 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.45 to $0.60. Zacks’ EPS averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that cover Mueller Water Products.


 Get Mueller Water Products alerts:



Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $0.09 EPS for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.09. The company had revenue of $199.70 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $206 million. Mueller Water Products had a return on equity of 18.45% and a net margin of 12.45%. Mueller Water Products’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.10 EPS. 




A number of research firms have issued reports on MWA. BidaskClub lowered shares of Mueller Water Products from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday. CIBC dropped their target price on shares of Mueller Water Products from $15.00 to $13.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $15.00 target price on shares of Mueller Water Products in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. Royal Bank of Canada  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $15.00 target price on shares of Mueller Water Products in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Mueller Water Products from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Mueller Water Products  has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $13.71.
Shares of Mueller Water Products (NYSE MWA) traded down 0.70% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $11.30. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 585,155 shares. The stock has a market cap of $1.80 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.25 and a beta of 1.38. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $11.32 and a 200-day moving average of $12.24. Mueller Water Products has a one year low of $10.45 and a one year high of $14.20. 
WARNING: This piece was originally  reported by Markets Daily and is the sole property of of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/20/zacks-analysts-expect-mueller-water-products-nysemwa-will-announce-earnings-of-0-16-per-share-updated.html. 
In other news, Director Bernard G. Rethore sold 56,400 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.23, for a total value of $633,372.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 27,303 shares in the company, valued at approximately $306,612.69. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, Director Shirley C. Franklin sold 9,156 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.40, for a total transaction of $104,378.40. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 39,157 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $446,389.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own  4.30% of the company’s stock. 
Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Americafirst Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Mueller Water Products during the first quarter worth about $176,000.  Contravisory Investment Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of  Mueller Water Products during the first quarter worth about $164,000.  USA Financial Portformulas Corp acquired a new position in shares of  Mueller Water Products during the fourth quarter worth about $237,000.  Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of  Mueller Water Products during the fourth quarter worth about $51,312,000.  Finally, Numeric Investors LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Mueller Water Products during the fourth quarter worth about $1,447,000. Institutional investors own  87.34% of the company’s stock. 
Mueller Water Products Company Profile
Mueller Water Products, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of products and services used in the transmission, distribution and measurement of water in North America. The Company operates through two segments: Mueller Co and Mueller Technologies. The Mueller Co segment manufactures valves for water and gas systems, and dry-barrel and wet-barrel fire hydrants.
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Mueller Water Products (MWA)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com






Receive News & Ratings for Mueller Water Products Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mueller Water Products and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website































































Investment Strategies | Lucus


















Investment Approach
Investment Strategies
Risk Management
Careers
About Lucus
        
Overview
Team
News


Login





Investment ApproachInvestment StrategiesRisk ManagementCareers

About Lucus OverviewTeamNewsLogin







Investment StrategiesDiverse strategies for long term growth.Lucus Advisors oversees three different funds, each with its own uniquely designed and diligently maintained strategy.





Our Strategies
At Lucus Advisors we have worked hard to develop strategies that are meaningful and successful.

Red Alder

Red Alder is an equity multi-strategy hedge fund that employs both activist and event-driven strategies. Red Alder’s activist strategy involves formal engagement with management teams and Boards of Directors and is often used to induce an event-driven change. This change may be accompanied by 13D filings, settlement agreements, Board reconstitutions, open letters, and white papers. The event-driven strategy includes passive investing in classical event-driven situations, including, but not limited to, spinoffs, restructurings, M&A, structural conversions, and post-reorganization equities. Red Alder is managed by Co-Chief Investment Officers, Schuster Tanger and Joshua Packwood. 

Kernel

Kernel is a US-focused fundamental long-short equity investment fund that utilizes an organized, consistent, and robust fundamental process to create a diversified portfolio of stocks with regularly revisited investment theses free of decision biases that generates extraordinarily high returns with minimal risk. Kernel is managed by Chief Investment Officer, Joshua Packwood, and President, Schuster Tanger. 

Coppice

Coppice is a multi-manager strategy that invests in managers across asset classes including fixed income, equities, and hard assets in order to capture opportunities as they arise. Coppice is managed by Portfolio Manager, James Elbaor, and Managing Partners, Schuster Tanger and Joshua Packwood.







Our StrategiesAt Lucus Advisors we have worked hard to develop strategies that are meaningful and successful.




Red AlderKernelCoppice




Our Principles
At Lucus Advisors we believe that successful execution of our strategies is based on solid adherence to the following principles:

Adapt

At Lucus we adapt proactively to ever changing investor demands, employee expectations, and market conditions. Having our eye on what’s ahead is what allows us to set our goals for greater long-term growth. It is our belief that there is no improvement without forward vision. 

Explore

We are passionate about expanding our core competencies and will always explore new sources of alpha generation. Lucus seeks to pave the way for new ideas rather than follow in the footsteps of others. 

Incent

We incent ourselves and our people to be curious, productive, and good stewards of our brand. By aligning our interests with those of our investors, we guarantee that we are constantly working towards a Lucus in which we can all feel proud to be involved.

Engage

At Lucus we recognize our limitations and our need for flexibility and engage only best-in-class service providers. We continue to do what we do best by limiting any unnecessary hindrances to both ourselves and our investors. We have found success in doing so by employing rigorous processes in selecting key service providers. We compile and research many different options, bring the top contenders in for interviews, and conduct reference checks before making a choice.

Invest

Lucus invests in top-tier, institutional quality operational infrastructure. It is our goal to ensure that we can achieve the best by making resources available to ourselves that are on par with our competitors and beyond. 

Employ

Hiring is one of our most important business activities as employees are the key determinant of our success. We cultivate talent and create a team with diverse backgrounds in order to generate new ideas and innovative thinking. All new employees are sourced from trusted channels, interviewed extensively by the Lucus management team, and receive thorough background checks.







Our PrinciplesAt Lucus Advisors we believe that successful execution of our strategies is based on solid adherence to the following principles: 




AdaptExploreIncentEngageInvestEmploy
















Lucus Advisors Llc opens position in MWA / Mueller Water Products, Inc. - Fintel.io

































Lucus Advisors Llc opens position in MWA / Mueller Water Products, Inc.









SecurityMWA / Mueller Water Products, Inc.
InstitutionLucus Advisors Llc

                        Shares34,744
Value
                        $ 411,000


May 15, 2017
            - Lucus Advisors Llc has filed a 13F-HR form disclosing ownership of 34,744
            shares of Mueller Water Products, Inc. (NYSE:MWA)
            .
        
Other investors with positions similar to Lucus Advisors Llc include
                Barclays Plc , Tfs Capital Llc, Laurion Capital Management LP, First Republic Investment Management, Inc., Gotham Asset Management, LLC,  and Two Sigma Securities, Llc.
            
Mueller Water Productions, Inc. has declared a standard industrial code (sic) of 349 which
        is the "Miscellaneous Fabricated Metal Products" industry.
        
            Lucus Advisors Llc's top industries are
             
                 "Water Transportation" (sic 44), 
                 "Hotels, Rooming Houses, Camps, And Other Lodging Places" (sic 70),  and 
                 "Building Construction General Contractors And Operative Builders" (sic 15).
        
        

LUCUS ADVISORS(More Info)
This Page
MWA / Mueller Water Products, Inc.(More Info)









Lucus Advisors Llc ownership holdings in Mueller Water Products, Inc. (NYSE:MWA) are shown in the following table.




                    Don't Miss an Event
Create an Alert



13F Filings
The Security, Class, and CUSIP columns in the table below are shown exactly as filed by the investor.
        We do our best to track continuity of investments through acquisitions, and this will be reflected in
        the table as changes in names and cusips.
In addition to descriptive data, performance of the investment
        is shown over time. To calculate quarterly performance, we first calculate cost basis of the shares purchased during the quarter, then use
            that to calculate gross profit. Quarterly return is Gross Profit / Starting Portfolio value.
Note that cost basis is calculated and stored in thousands, so small quarterly changes in shares frequently
            result in a cost basis of zero.




EffectiveDateForm
Security
Class
CUSIP
SharePrice
Shares
Change(%)
Value(x1000)
Change(%)
Cost(x1000)
Profit(x1000)
Return(%)




2017-03-31
13F-HR
MUELLER WTR PRODS
COM SER A
624758108

34,744

411



















Fintel IR - Find the Right Investors for Your Company, Instantly!
        Fintel IR combines the comprehensive Fintel ownership database with machine learning to
        provide advanced tools to make investor outreach fast and easy.
        Learn more now!





CUSIP: 624758108
    



                






IEX Real-Time Price

















From the Blog


                How To Launch a Hedge Fund

                    The Piotroski Score


















































American International Group Inc. Sells 2,941 Shares of ScanSource, Inc. (NASDAQ:SCSC) - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















ScanSource Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ScanSource Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Schlumberger N.V. (NYSE:SLB) Receives Buy Rating from Seaport Global Securities					

LegacyTexas Financial Group, Inc. (LTXB) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

Kite Realty Group Trust (KRG) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Range Resources Corporation (RRC) PT Lowered to $34.00 at Citigroup Inc.					

PPG Industries, Inc. (NYSE:PPG) Price Target Increased to $115.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG					

Skechers U.S.A., Inc. (NYSE:SKX) Price Target Raised to $34.00 at Citigroup Inc.					

Heartland Express, Inc. (NASDAQ:HTLD) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Given New $8.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc.					

La Quinta Holdings Inc. (NYSE:LQ) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research					

Orix Corp Ads (IX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research					

HDFC Bank Limited (NYSE:HDB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

KeyCorp’s (KEY) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies					

Home BancShares, Inc. (NASDAQ:HOMB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Piper Jaffray Companies					

MB Financial Inc. (MBFI) Downgraded by Piper Jaffray Companies to “Neutral”					

Hess Midstream Partners LP (HESM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”					

CGI Group, Inc. (GIB) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDRX) Given “Hold” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies					

Harvard Bioscience, Inc. (HBIO) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

Piper Jaffray Companies Reaffirms Buy Rating for Laureate Education Inc. (NASDAQ:LAUR)					

KB Financial Group Inc (NYSE:KB) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						American International Group Inc. Sells 2,941 Shares of ScanSource, Inc. (NASDAQ:SCSC)					

						 July 9th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Hanz Christensen 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










American International Group Inc. cut its stake in  ScanSource, Inc. (NASDAQ:SCSC) by 16.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 15,473 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 2,941 shares during the period. American International Group Inc.’s holdings in ScanSource were worth $607,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its stake in  ScanSource by 0.7% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 2,790 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the last quarter.  Envestnet Asset Management Inc. increased its position in shares of  ScanSource by 33.7% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 3,856 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $156,000 after buying an additional 973 shares during the period.  SG Americas Securities LLC increased its position in shares of  ScanSource by 0.3% in the first quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC now owns 4,259 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $167,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the period.  Mason Street Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of  ScanSource by 7.4% in the first quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC now owns 5,905 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $232,000 after buying an additional 409 shares during the period.  Finally, Blair William & Co. IL increased its position in shares of  ScanSource by 3.8% in the first quarter. Blair William & Co. IL now owns 6,858 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $269,000 after buying an additional 250 shares during the period. 94.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 
ScanSource, Inc. (NASDAQ SCSC) opened at 39.65 on Friday. ScanSource, Inc. has a 12 month low of $29.05 and a 12 month high of $44.95. The firm has a market cap of $1.00 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.09 and a beta of 1.16. The company’s 50-day moving average is $38.73 and its 200 day moving average is $39.86. 




ScanSource (NASDAQ:SCSC) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The industrial products company reported $0.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.01. ScanSource had a net margin of 1.79% and a return on equity of 8.41%. The business had revenue of $813.50 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $833.10 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.64 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 1.9% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities research analysts expect that  ScanSource, Inc. will post $2.76 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was  reported by Watch List News and is the property of of Watch List News. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/american-international-group-inc-sells-2941-shares-of-scansource-inc-nasdaqscsc/1424339.html. 
Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of ScanSource from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $45.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Saturday, May 6th.
In other ScanSource news, Director Steven R. Fischer sold 5,000 shares of ScanSource stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.19, for a total value of $200,950.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 20,867 shares in the company, valued at $838,644.73. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Michael L. Baur sold 67,000 shares of ScanSource stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.07, for a total value of $2,617,690.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 47,890 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,871,062.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 77,000 shares of company stock worth $3,019,290. Company insiders own  3.03% of the company’s stock. 
About ScanSource
ScanSource, Inc is a provider of technology products and solutions. The Company and its subsidiaries provide solutions for technology manufacturers and sell to resellers in technology markets, such as point-of-sale (POS) and Barcode, Networking and Security, Communications and Emerging Technologies. It operates through two segments: Worldwide Barcode & Security and Worldwide Communications & Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SCSC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for ScanSource, Inc. (NASDAQ:SCSC).



Receive News & Ratings for ScanSource Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ScanSource Inc. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Hanz Christensen 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 












































	LUCUS Trademark of Lucus Advisors LLC. Serial Number: 86647542 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
LUCUS










 
Get FREE email alerts













LUCUS  Trademark Information
 Lucus Advisors LLC
Financial services, namely, operation and management of hedge funds, commodity pools and other collective investment vehicles; trading for others of securities, options, futures, derivatives, debt instruments and commodities




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         operation   management   hedge   funds      commodity   pools   collective   investment   vehicles   trading   securities      options      futures      derivatives      debt   instruments   commodities    
                                    




This is a brand page for the LUCUS trademark by Lucus Advisors LLC 
                                in New York, NY, 10004.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this LUCUS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Lucus Advisors LLC of the LUCUS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the LUCUS trademark.
                           






On Monday, June 1, 2015,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        LUCUS by 
                        Lucus Advisors LLC, New York, NY  10004.
                        The USPTO has given the LUCUS 
                        trademark serial  number of  86647542.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for LUCUS is 
                        
                        
                                            LARA A. HOLZMAN of 
                                            Alston & Bird Llp,  90 Park Ave, New York, NY 10016-1301 
                                .
                            The LUCUS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for LUCUS 
                            is Financial services, namely, operation and management of hedge funds, commodity pools and other collective investment vehicles; trading for others of securities, options, futures, derivatives, debt instruments and commodities. 
                            





Word mark:
 LUCUS


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

4/4/2017



  Serial Number:  
86647542


  Filing Date:  
6/1/2015


 Registration Number:  
5177043 


 Registration Date:  
4/4/2017


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, operation and management of hedge funds, commodity pools and other collective investment vehicles; trading for others of securities, options, futures, derivatives, debt instruments and commodities


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of six pairs of curved lines that meet at a point. The center two pairs of curved lines are joined together, and the lines have the overall appearance of a grove of trees. The two sets of curved lines on either side of the middle lines are curved toward the center. Below the design is the word "LUCAS".


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
12/13/2016


Last Applicant/Owner:

Lucus Advisors LLCNew York, NY  10004
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Curved line(s), band(s) or bar(s) (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


LARA A. HOLZMAN
Alston & Bird Llp
90 Park Ave
New York, NY 10016-1301






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
5/1/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
1/31/2016





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your LUCUS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/4/2017
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



LARA A. HOLZMAN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of LUCUS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search lucus on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for LUCUS 




LUCUS is providing Financial services, namely, operation and management of hedge funds, commodity pools and other collective investment vehicles; trading for others of securities, options, futures, derivatives, debt instruments and commodities.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY) Stock Price, News & Analysis






















    























































































BPC Acquisition Corp Company Profile (NYSE:BERY)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY)
Berry Global Group, Inc., formerly Berry Plastics Group, Inc., is a provider of value-added plastic consumer packaging, non-woven specialty materials and engineered materials. The Company offers products, such as closures, prescription vials, specialty films, adhesives, nonwovens, drink cups, containers and bottles. The Company operates through three segments: Health, Hygiene & Specialties, Consumer Packaging, and Engineered Materials. The Consumer Packaging segment primarily consists of containers, foodservice items, closures, overcaps, bottles, prescription vials, tubes, and printed films. The Health, Hygiene & Specialties segment primarily consists of non-woven specialty materials used in hygiene, infection prevention, personal care, industrial, construction, and filtration applications. The Engineered Materials segment primarily consists of pipeline corrosion protection solutions, tapes and adhesives, polyethylene-based film products, and specialty coated and laminated products. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Industrial Products
Industry: Plastic Container & Packaging
Sub-Industry: Metal & Glass Containers
Symbol: NYSE:BERY
CUSIP: 08579W10
Web: www.berryplastics.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $7.4061 billionOutstanding Shares: 129,500,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $57.65200 Day Moving Avg: $52.9352 Week Range: $39.45 - $58.95


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 24.61Foreward P/E Ratio: 17.30P/E Growth: 1.23Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $6.57 billionPrice / Sales: 1.12Book Value: $5.40 per sharePrice / Book: 10.51


Profitability:EBIDTA: $1.18 billionNet Margins: 4.50%Return on Equity: 110.06%Return on Assets: 4.62%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 8.56%Current Ratio: 1.80%Quick Ratio: 1.08%Misc:Average Volume: 1.08 million shs.Beta: 1.09Short Ratio: 1.21

 

Frequently Asked Questions for BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY)
What is BPC Acquisition Corp's stock symbol?

BPC Acquisition Corp trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "BERY."



How were BPC Acquisition Corp's earnings last quarter?

BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY) issued its earnings results on Wednesday, May, 3rd. The company reported $0.79 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of $0.67 by $0.12. The firm earned $1.81 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.79 billion. BPC Acquisition Corp had a net margin of 4.50% and a return on equity of 110.06%. The company's quarterly revenue was up 11.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.58 earnings per share.  View BPC Acquisition Corp's Earnings History.



When will BPC Acquisition Corp make its next earnings announcement?

BPC Acquisition Corp is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Thursday, August, 3rd 2017. View Earnings Estimates for BPC Acquisition Corp.



Where is BPC Acquisition Corp's stock going? Where will BPC Acquisition Corp's stock price be in 2017?

11 brokerages have issued 12 month price targets for BPC Acquisition Corp's shares. Their forecasts range from $54.00 to $67.00. On average, they expect BPC Acquisition Corp's stock price to reach $61.13 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for BPC Acquisition Corp.



What are analysts saying about BPC Acquisition Corp stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about BPC Acquisition Corp stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "Berry Global Group, Inc. is a manufacturer and marketer of value-added plastic consumer packaging and engineered materials. The Company's products include engineered materials, non-woven specialty materials and consumer packaging. Berry Global Group, Inc., formerly known as Berry Plastics Group, Inc., is headquartered in Evansville, Indiana.   " (6/27/2017)
2. KeyCorp analysts commented, "We continue to question BERY’s ability to generate organic EBITDA growth absent any volume growth, and we think the modest multiple discount at which BERY trades to the group is warranted by the Company’s high leverage (4.4x at the end of the December quarter)." (2/7/2017)




Who are some of BPC Acquisition Corp's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to BPC Acquisition Corp include Cintas Corporation (CTAS), Toray Industries (TRYIY), Norsk Hydro ASA (NHYDY), Dover Corporation (DOV), Pentair PLC. (PNR), Xylem (XYL), Packaging Corporation of America (PKG), Fortune Brands Home & Security (FBHS), Smith (A.O.) Corporation (AOS), W.W. Grainger (GWW), AB SKF (SKFRY), Sealed Air Corporation (SEE), IDEX Corporation (IEX), Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY), Crown Holdings (CCK), Allegion PLC (ALLE), The Middleby Corporation (MIDD) and Nordson Corporation (NDSN).



Who are BPC Acquisition Corp's key executives?

BPC Acquisition Corp's management team includes the folowing people: Jonathan D. Rich Ph.D., Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive OfficerThomas E. Salmon, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, DirectorMark W. Miles, Chief Financial Officer, TreasurerCurtis L. Begle, President – Engineered Materials DivisionJean-Marc Galvez, President - Consumer Packaging DivisionScott M. Tracey, President - Health, Hygiene & Specialties DivisionJames M. Till, Executive Vice President, ControllerJason K. Greene, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, SecretaryB. Evan Bayh III, Independent DirectorJonathan Frank Foster, Independent Director



Who owns BPC Acquisition Corp stock?

BPC Acquisition Corp's stock is owned by a variety of of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional shareholders include Cohen Capital Management Inc. (0.08%), BB&T Corp (0.02%), Fox Run Management L.L.C. (0.01%), Highland Capital Management LLC (0.01%), Tributary Capital Management LLC (0.01%) and Aperio Group LLC (0.01%). Company insiders that own BPC Acquisition Corp stock include Carl J Rickertsen, Curt Begle, Evan Bayh, Jason K Greene, Jeffrey D Thompson, Jonathan D Rich and Mark W Miles. View Institutional Ownership Trends for BPC Acquisition Corp.



Who sold BPC Acquisition Corp stock? Who is selling BPC Acquisition Corp stock?

BPC Acquisition Corp's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Tributary Capital Management LLC. Company insiders that have sold BPC Acquisition Corp stock in the last year include Carl J Rickertsen, Curt Begle, Evan Bayh and Mark W Miles. View Insider Buying and Selling for BPC Acquisition Corp.



Who bought BPC Acquisition Corp stock? Who is buying BPC Acquisition Corp stock?

BPC Acquisition Corp's stock was acquired by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Highland Capital Management LLC, Fox Run Management L.L.C., CrestPoint Capital Management LLC, BB&T Corp and Aperio Group LLC.  View Insider Buying and Selling for BPC Acquisition Corp.



How do I buy BPC Acquisition Corp stock? 

Shares of BPC Acquisition Corp can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is BPC Acquisition Corp's stock price today?

One share of BPC Acquisition Corp stock can currently be purchased for approximately $56.73.


MarketBeat Community Rating for BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE BERY)Community Ranking:  3.3 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  271 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  137 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  408MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about BPC Acquisition Corp and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 3 Hold Ratings, 8 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 2.73)Consensus Price Target: $61.13 (7.75% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/14/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuy$63.00 -> $67.00Low7/12/2017Royal Bank Of CanadaReiterated RatingBuy$63.00Low6/26/2017SunTrust Banks, Inc.UpgradeHold -> Buy$51.00 -> $65.00Medium5/15/2017Credit Suisse GroupBoost Price TargetOutperform$62.00 -> $67.00N/A5/4/2017Deutsche Bank AGBoost Price TargetBuy$56.00 -> $60.00Low4/28/2017BMO Capital MarketsReiterated RatingHold$54.00Low3/7/2017Citigroup Inc.Reiterated RatingBuyN/A2/7/2017KeyCorpReiterated RatingHoldN/A12/5/2016MacquarieDowngradeOutperform -> NeutralN/A11/30/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoBoost Price TargetOverweight$54.00 -> $58.00N/A8/26/2016Robert W. BairdBoost Price TargetOutperform$48.00 -> $55.00N/A6/15/2016Barclays PLCInitiated CoverageOverweight$45.00N/A6/1/2016Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)Reiterated RatingBuy$50.00N/A5/12/2016Wells Fargo & CompanyReiterated RatingBuyN/A8/4/2015Bank of America CorporationLower Price TargetBuy$41.00 -> $39.00N/A(Data available from 7/25/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY)Earnings History by Quarter for BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE BERY)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/7/2017$0.83N/A5/3/2017Q2 2017$0.67$0.79$1.79 billion$1.81 billionViewListen2/3/2017Q117$0.45$0.50$1.56 billion$1.50 billionViewListen11/29/2016Q416$0.59$0.73$1.62 billion$1.62 billionViewListen8/9/2016Q316$0.61$0.82$1.68 billion$1.65 billionViewListen5/10/2016Q216$0.49$0.58$1.66 billion$1.61 billionViewListen2/10/2016Q116$0.39$0.35$1.60 billion$1.61 billionViewListen11/13/2015Q415$0.45$0.50$1.26 billion$1.20 billionViewListen7/31/2015Q315$0.51$0.51$1.32 billion$1.24 billionViewListen5/1/2015Q215$0.43$0.42$1.29 billion$1.22 billionViewListen1/30/2015Q115$0.26$0.27$1.24 billion$1.22 billionViewListen11/21/2014Q414$0.37$0.35$1.33 billion$1.31 billionViewListen8/1/2014Q3$0.36$0.51$1.30 billion$1.30 billionViewListen5/1/2014Q2$0.29$0.27$1.20 billion$1.21 billionViewListen1/31/2014Q114$0.16$0.18$1.12 billion$1.14 billionViewListen11/22/2013Q4$0.24$0.33$1.20 billionViewListen8/1/2013Q3 2013$0.37$0.33$1.25 million$1.22 millionViewListen5/2/2013Q2 2013$0.24$0.01$1.20 billion$1.15 billionViewListen1/31/2013Q1 2013$0.10$0.08$1.10 billion$1.07 billionViewListen(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY)Current Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $2.9 EPSNext Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $3.28 EPS


Dividends
Dividend History for BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY)Insider Ownership Percentage: 3.11%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 99.67%Insider Trades by Quarter for BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails5/25/2017Curt BeglePresidentSell18,000$57.02$1,026,360.00  5/25/2017Evan BayhDirectorSell15,500$57.98$898,690.00  5/16/2017Carl J RickertsenDirectorSell29,500$56.35$1,662,325.00  5/4/2017Curt BeglePresidentSell18,000$55.23$994,140.00  2/7/2017Mark W MilesCFOSell10,000$49.36$493,600.00  2/3/2017Curt BeglePresidentSell18,000$52.28$941,040.00  12/5/2016Curt BeglePresidentSell7,808$48.56$379,156.48  11/30/2016Curt BeglePresidentSell52,192$50.11$2,615,341.12  8/23/2016Curt BeglePresidentSell15,266$44.05$672,467.30  8/22/2016Curt BeglePresidentSell4,734$44.00$208,296.00  8/10/2016Curt BeglePresidentSell16,143$42.07$679,136.01  7/25/2016Curt BeglePresidentSell16,143$40.25$649,755.75  5/24/2016Jason K GreeneEVPSell6,314$39.02$246,372.28  5/23/2016Mark W MilesCFOSell10,000$38.54$385,400.00  5/11/2016Curt BeglePresidentSell10,770$38.26$412,060.20  3/17/2016Jonathan D RichCEOSell62,500$34.15$2,134,375.00  11/17/2015Curt BeglePresidentSell8,100$36.07$292,167.00  11/17/2015Jason K. GreeneEVPSell7,810$36.00$281,160.00  11/16/2015Curt BeglePresidentSell2,670$36.01$96,146.70  11/16/2015Jeffrey D. ThompsonEVPSell97,875$35.59$3,483,371.25  5/21/2015James TillEVPSell2,445$35.11$85,843.95  2/2/2015Curt BeglePresidentSell15,704$33.29$522,786.16  2/2/2015Jeffrey D ThompsonEVPSell23,875$33.55$801,006.25  2/2/2015Jonathan D RichCEOSell40,000$33.36$1,334,400.00  2/2/2015Mark W MilesCFOSell52,779$33.53$1,769,679.87  12/3/2014Tom SalmonPresidentSell13,200$30.00$396,000.00  12/2/2014Tom SalmonPresidentSell5,103$25.56$130,432.68  12/1/2014Tom SalmonPresidentSell28,097$29.16$819,308.52  11/25/2014Tom SalmonPresidentSell11,800$28.53$336,654.00  11/24/2014Jeffrey D ThompsonEVPSell23,875$28.43$678,766.25  11/24/2014William J NormanPresidentSell35,000$28.27$989,450.00  11/11/2014Tom SalmonPresidentSell1,300$27.00$35,100.00  11/6/2014Tom SalmonPresidentSell8,900$26.51$235,939.00  10/30/2014Tom SalmonPresidentSell13,200$25.56$337,392.00  10/28/2014Curt BeglePresidentSell10,500$25.14$263,970.00  10/24/2014Curt BeglePresidentSell6,800$25.00$170,000.00  10/23/2014Curt BeglePresidentSell1,418$25.00$35,450.00  8/21/2014Larry GoldsteinPresidentSell9,340$24.30$226,962.00  8/19/2014Larry GoldsteinPresidentSell56,154$24.45$1,372,965.30  8/11/2014Curt BeglePresidentSell18,718$24.50$458,591.00  8/7/2014Mark W MilesCFOSell30,000$24.56$736,800.00  6/5/2014Apollo Management Holdings Gp,Major ShareholderSell10,000,000$23.51$235,100,000.00  5/23/2014James TillEVPSell2,240$24.25$54,320.00  5/23/2014Larry GoldsteinPresidentSell10,000$24.17$241,700.00  5/12/2014William NormanPresidentSell30,000$24.15$724,500.00  2/25/2014Apollo Management Holdings Gp,major shareholderSell9,000,000$22.77$204,930,000.00  2/20/2014Jeffrey ThompsonEVPSell36,276$23.56$854,662.56  2/14/2014Larry GoldsteinPresidentSell10,000$23.93$239,300.00  11/27/2013Larry GoldsteinPresidentSell5,000$21.05$105,250.00  8/12/2013Curt BegleEVPSell5,009$23.25$116,459.25  8/9/2013Tom SalmonEVPSell25,000$23.01$575,250.00  8/5/2013Jeffrey ThompsonEVPSell28,978$23.57$683,011.46  8/2/2013Jeffrey ThompsonEVPSell5,900$23.53$138,827.00  8/1/2013Curt BegleEVPSell10,800$23.17$250,236.00  8/1/2013Jim KratochvilCFOSell46,281$23.20$1,073,719.20  7/31/2013Curt BegleEVPSell7,918$23.16$183,380.88  7/25/2013Mark W MilesEVPSell60,174$23.02$1,385,205.48  7/19/2013Jim M KratochvilCFOSell88,840$23.28$2,068,195.20  7/18/2013Jim M KratochvilCFOSell50,000$23.93$1,196,500.00  7/18/2013Larry GoldsteinEVPSell10,000$23.99$239,900.00  5/17/2013Tom SalmonEVPSell31,074$21.21$659,079.54  5/13/2013Larry GoldsteinEVPSell15,000$20.77$311,550.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY)


Latest Headlines for BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineETFs with exposure to Berry Global Group, Inc. : July 24, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 3:49 PMBerry Global Group, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : BERY-US : July 21, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 6:03 PMBPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY) Receives Consensus Rating of "Buy" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 18 at 10:36 PMFinancial Review: BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY) & AptarGroup (ATR)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 18 at 12:27 AMBPC Acquisition Corp (BERY) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $1.94 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 16 at 7:55 AMZacks: Analysts Expect BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY) Will Announce Earnings of $0.82 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 10:29 PMBPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY) Earns "Buy" Rating from Jefferies Group LLCwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 3:19 PMETFs with exposure to Berry Global Group, Inc. : July 13, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 13 at 5:26 PMBerry Global Group, Inc. to Report Third Fiscal 2017 Quarter Results and Host Conference Callfinance.yahoo.com - July 13 at 1:53 AMBerry Global Group, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : BERY-US : July 6, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 6 at 5:51 PMAptarGroup (ATR) and BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY) Critical Comparisonwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 3 at 10:24 PMETFs with exposure to Berry Global Group, Inc. : July 3, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 3 at 4:26 PMComparing Myers Industries (MYE) and BPC Acquisition Corp (BERY)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 2 at 8:20 PMBPC Acquisition Corp (BERY) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 27 at 8:58 PMBPC Acquisition Corp (BERY) Upgraded to Buy at SunTrust Banks, Inc.www.americanbankingnews.com - June 26 at 12:16 PMBidaskClub Downgrades BPC Acquisition Corp (BERY) to Holdwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 24 at 8:28 PMBPC Acquisition Corp (BERY) Receives Average Rating of "Buy" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 23 at 8:46 PMSonoco or Berry Global: Which is the Better Buy Rated Stock?finance.yahoo.com - June 23 at 4:30 PMBPC Acquisition Corp (BERY) and AptarGroup (ATR) Head-To-Head Surveywww.americanbankingnews.com - June 22 at 10:46 PMETFs with exposure to Berry Global Group, Inc. : June 22, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 4:03 PM Analysts Expect BPC Acquisition Corp (BERY) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.94 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 22 at 10:06 AMZacks: Brokerages Expect BPC Acquisition Corp (BERY) to Announce $0.82 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 20 at 6:40 PMBerry Global Group, Inc. :BERY-US: Earnings Analysis: Q2, 2017 By the Numbers : June 20, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 20 at 4:33 PMBerry Global Group, Inc. Joins the Fortune 500finance.yahoo.com - June 13 at 6:07 PMBPC Acquisition Corp (BERY) Raised to "Buy" at ValuEnginewww.americanbankingnews.com - June 12 at 12:40 AMJefferies Group LLC Reiterates "Buy" Rating for Berry Global Group Inc (BERY)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 8 at 11:02 PMBerry Global Group Reaches Analyst Target Pricewww.nasdaq.com - June 8 at 4:39 PMBerry Global Group Inc (BERY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buywww.americanbankingnews.com - June 6 at 7:56 PMBerry Global Group Inc (BERY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of "Buy" from Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 29 at 6:30 PM$1.94 Billion in Sales Expected for Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 27 at 8:20 AMEvan Bayh Sells 15,500 Shares of Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 26 at 4:29 PMBerry Global Group Inc (BERY) President Curt Begle Sells 18,000 Shareswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 25 at 7:22 PMInsider Selling: Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) Director Sells 29,500 Shares of Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 17 at 4:27 PMJ.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2010-C1 -- Moody's Affirms Seven and Downgrades One Class of JPMCC 2010-C1finance.yahoo.com - May 11 at 4:23 PMBerry Global Group Inc (BERY) Given "Buy" Rating at Royal Bank of Canadawww.americanbankingnews.com - May 6 at 6:24 PMBerry Global Group Inc (BERY) Given "Outperform" Rating at Credit Suisse Group AGwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 6 at 10:26 AMBerry Global Group Inc (BERY) Upgraded to "Hold" at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 5 at 8:20 PMBerry Global Group Inc (BERY) President Sells $994,140.00 in Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 5 at 8:00 PMBerry Global Group Reaches Analyst Target Price - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - May 5 at 3:54 PMBerry Global Group Inc (BERY) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $1.93 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 4 at 2:02 PMBerry Global Group's (BERY) "Buy" Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AGwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 4 at 1:20 PMEdited Transcript of BERY earnings conference call or presentation 3-May-17 2:00pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - May 3 at 11:14 PMBerry Global Group (BERY) Getting Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reportswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 3 at 6:28 PMBerry Plastics Group (BERY) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcriptseekingalpha.com - May 3 at 6:14 PMBerry Global Group Inc (BERY) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.14 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 3 at 6:04 PMBRIEF-Berry Global Group posts Q1 adj. earnings per share $0.79www.reuters.com - May 3 at 1:13 PMBerry Global Group, Inc. Reports Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - May 3 at 1:12 PMBerry Global beats Street 2Q forecastsfinance.yahoo.com - May 3 at 1:12 PMBerry Global Group Inc (BERY) Given Consensus Rating of "Buy" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 2 at 8:22 PM$0.67 Earnings Per Share Expected for Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 2 at 11:28 AM


Social





Chart
BPC Acquisition Corp (BERY) Chart for Tuesday, July, 25, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/25/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff












































