







Rittenhouse Ventures








































































 
















Twitter




LinkedIn


  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 










 





Our Team 
		


 



 
 




The Rittenhouse Ventures investment team supports emerging-growth companies from funding to exit, bringing expertise in fundraising strategy, business operations, technical development, and sector domain knowledge.

 
 
 


OVER 50 YEARScollective team investing experience
 
 

Capital Providers  for the region SINCE 1985
 
 

Investments in OVER 40 COMPANIES  in the last 15 years
 
 
 





OVER 50 YEARScollective team investing experience

 
 
 



Capital Providers for the Region SINCE 1985

 
 
 



Investments in OVER 40 COMPANIES  in the last 15 years

 
 
 
 
 



Team

 






                            
                                Saul Richter                            


                            Managing Partner                        



Saul is a co-founder of Rittenhouse Ventures and has been active within the technology community for twenty-five years as a venture capitalist, start-up entrepreneur, and technologist.
Saul has a strong background in software development and systems administration, and has been investing in the healthcare technology space for over fifteen years.
Saul has a passion for emerging technologies, and enjoys supporting entrepreneurs throughout a company’s growth process.
 
Select Portfolio Involvement

Piano
Inpensa
Workplace Dynamics
GSI Health
Take the Interview
Halfpenny Technologies
Maverick Network Solutions
Click Equations
Concerro

Select Prior Experience

Himalaya Capital
Lucent Technologies’ New Ventures Group
Zapper Technologies

Education

MBA – Columbia Business School, Columbia University
BA, Economics – Columbia University

 















                            
                                Bruce Luehrs                            


                            Managing Partner                         



Bruce is the Co-Founder of Rittenhouse Ventures. He was a General Partner of the Edison Venture Fund from 1998 to 2006, prior to managing Rittenhouse Ventures.
As a banker, entrepreneur, and venture capitalist, Bruce brings 30 years of experience in financing technology companies across the greater Philadelphia area. He has been an active member of regional investment community, as the past Chairman of the Greater Philadelphia Venture Group (now MAC Alliance) and as a member of professional organizations in venture capital and corporate growth.
Bruce’s extensive investment experience in software for healthcare, pharma, and financial services makes him an ideal strategic partner for entrepreneurs.
 
Select Portfolio Involvement

Vida Diagnostics
Kynectiv
Tabula Rasa Healthcare
Miria Systems
Core Solutions
Gain Capital
Virtual Edge
Fiberlink
Octagon Research
InnaPhase
Cadient

Select Prior Experience

Edison Venture Funds
Penn Valley Capital
PNC Equity Management
Fidelity Bank

Education

MBA – Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University
BA, Economics – Duke University

 















                            
                                Jayson Tischler                            


                            Principal                        



Jayson has experience in venture capital, technology, sales, and marketing.
Prior to Rittenhouse, Jayson served as the President and Managing Director of the Wharton Social Venture Fund, a student-run organization that discovers, evaluates, and secures early-stage investments in key social sectors.
In his previous roles, Jayson has routinely advised promising technology startups on advanced marketing and sales strategies. Besides a sector focus in healthcare, he has a passion for education technology customer engagement solutions.
 
Select Portfolio Involvement

One Health Company
WealthHub
Haystack Informatics
KickUp
Life.io

Select Prior Experience

Google, Inc.
Teach for America
U.S. Fulbright Fellowship

Education

MBA – The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania
BA, Political Science – Yale University

 















                            
                                Steve Holstad                            


                            Chief Financial Officer                        



Steve is the CFO for Rittenhouse Ventures, while serving as the Managing Director for Strattech Partners, LLC, based in Devon, PA, which was founded in 2000 as a business consulting and venture capital firm.
Over the past 15 years, Steve has been the acting CFO for a number of venture-backed firms in the Philadelphia region.
Steve has nearly 30 years of finance and operational experience across companies in commercial banking, energy, chemical, and venture-backed technology.
 
Select Prior Experience

Strattech Partners, LLC
City Line Motors, LLC
Atlantic Richfield (ARCO)
ARCO Chemical
Huntington Bancshares

Education

MBA – University of Michigan
BA, Economics – Duke University

 















                            
                                Justin Hanley                            


                            Analyst                        



Justin is an analyst for Rittenhouse Ventures.
With over 10 years of finance and operational experience, Justin has a passion for innovation and early-stage investing.
From 2011 to 2015, Justin served as an associate for the Mid-Atlantic Angel Group, a Philadelphia-based angel group who provides equity capital to seed and early-stage, technology-based, high-growth companies across the mid-Atlantic region.
 
Select Prior Experience

Mid-Atlantic Angel Group
SEI Investments

Education

BA, Management – West Chester University

 















                            
                                Matt Reichert                            


                            Venture Partner                        



Matt has served in leadership and executive roles for several successful healthcare technology businesses.
In his 13 years as CEO of Health Market Science, Inc., acquired by LexisNexis in 2014, Matt managed the company’s strong performance through new product launches, aggressive revenue growth, and team expansion.
Prior to Health Market Science, Matt was the Senior Vice President of Mediconsult, Information Technology Director for DuPont Pharmaceuticals and Director at AstraMerck.
Matt is an active angel investor and sits on the Board of Directors at GSI Health. Matt is a tried and true Philadelphia native, and he holds a BA from Pennsylvania State University and an MBA from Temple University.
 














                            
                                Britton Murdoch                            


                            Fund Principal                        



Britt has over 25 years of experience as a senior financial executive for numerous venture-backed technology and public growth companies across the Philadelphia region.
Britt has served as the CFO or Board Director of Fiberlink, Internet Capital Group, Airgas, and V-Span. Britt is Chairman of the Board at the Bryn Mawr Trust Company, and he was a Trustee for Thomas Jefferson University from 2006 through mid- 2016.
Britt is also the Founder and Managing Director for Strattech Partners, LLC, a business consultancy firm that develops growth-stage companies. Britt holds an MBA from New York University and a BS from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School.
 














                            
                                Scott Nissenbaum                            


                            Investment Advisor                        



Scott has more than 20 years of experience working with entrepreneurs, venture funds, and corporate boards.
In his current role as Chief Investment Officer, Scott oversees new investments and nearly 200 portfolio companies for Ben Franklin Technology Partners of Southeastern Pennsylvania, which provides an unparalleled source of seed stage capital to the Philadelphia region.
Prior to Ben Franklin, Scott was the Founder and President of Finite Carbon, a venture-backed start-up that raised more than $7 million in venture capital before successfully exiting in 2017. He also spent 11 years as a Managing Director at Novitas Capital, an early stage venture firm with $235 million under management.
Scott has worked with businesses to guide and assess investment decisions, through engagements with Merion Investment Partners, Brown Brothers Harriman, and J.P. Morgan. He has held seats on the Board of Directors of over 14 companies.
Scott holds an MBA from St. Joseph’s University and a BS from Pennsylvania State University.
 
































 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 


















Bruce H. Luehrs - Managing Partner at Rittenhouse Ventures LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Bruce H. Luehrs
Managing Partner at Rittenhouse Ventures LLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Memberships Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings 


Bruce H. Luehrs
Managing Partner at Rittenhouse Ventures LLC



 Overview



Age



64
                                  (Born 1953)
                                              




Notable Companies


First Fidelity Bank, NA Pennsylvania

Fidelcor, Inc.

Rittenhouse Ventures LLC




Board Seats



12





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,785 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




peHUB
September 22, 2016





                        Rittenhouse Ventures raises $18 mln for second fund                     





Philadelphia Inquirer
August 8, 2016





                        A dot-com-era venture capitalist, still in the local trenches                    





Philadelphia Inquirer
January 7, 2016





                        Business news in brief                    





Business Wire
September 2, 2015





                        Healthcare Simulation Company DecisionSim, Inc. Secures $1.85 Millionin Series A Funding                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Saul M. Richter

Founder at Rittenhouse Ventures LLC




Alan R. Kraus

Senior Director, Investment Group at Ben Franklin Technology Partners of Southeastern Pennsylvania





Ravichandar Ganesan

Founder at Core Solutions, Inc. (Pennsylvania)




Richard A. Connelly

Co-Founder at Business Intelligence International, Inc.





Rachna Bagdi

Chief Operating Officer at Core Solutions, Inc. (Pennsylvania)




Patrick C. Mosimann

Chief Executive Officer at Business Intelligence International, Inc.





Terrence H. Hicks

Vice President at Ben Franklin Technology Partners




Martin W. Michael

Chief Executive Officer & Cloud Group Leader at Miria Systems, Inc.





Calvin H. Knowlton

Founder at Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc.




Orsula V. Knowlton

President & Director at Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc.







See 1,775 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,775 More 


 


 Paths to Bruce H. Luehrs



            Bruce H. Luehrs          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Bruce H. Luehrs






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Bruce H. Luehrs.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Graduate 


Duke University

                  Duke University is an academic university that offers undergraduate, graduate and professional programs. It also has publications and research services. The university was founded in 1838 and is headquartered in Durham, NC.                




MBA 


Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management

                  The Kellogg School of Management (The Kellogg School or Kellogg) is the business school of Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, with additional campuses in downtown Chicago, Illinois and Miami, Florida. Kellogg offers full-time, part-time, and executive programs, and partners with schools in China, France/Singapore, India, Hong Kong, Israel, Germany, Canada, and Thailand.Founded in 1908 in downtown Chicago as a part-time evening program, the school was chartered to educate business leaders with "good moral character.                





 Memberships



Member

                  Current                


Association for Corporate Growth, Inc.

                  ACG is the global organization for professionals involved in corporate growth, corporate development, and mergers and acquisitions. ACG’s almost 10,000 members come from corporations, private equity, finance, and professional service firms representing Fortune 500, Fortune 1000, FTSE 100, and mid-market companies in 50 chapters in North America, Europe, and soon, Asia.                





 Career History



Managing Partner

                                    2006 - Current                


Rittenhouse Ventures LLC


                  Emerald Stage2 Capital focuses on investments in early-stage technology companies in the technology-enabled services and healthcare information technology sectors. Specific areas of interest include: (1) Healthcare Information Technology (2) Pharmaceutical Information Technology (3) Outsourced Business Services and (4) Financial Services Information Technology. The firm prefers to invest in companies located in Pennsylvania and the Mid-Atlantic region of the US, but also considers opportunities in the area from Washington DC to the New York corridor. Investments typically range from $1 million to $3 million.                




Co-Founder

                                    1992 - Current                


Seaview Thermal Systems


                  Seaview Thermal Systems Provides recycling services. It has a patent on a recycling process which uses a combination of incineration and recycling to dispose of manufactured gas waste. The firm was co-founded by Bruce H. Luehrs and William B. Packer in 1992 and is headquartered in Blue Bell, PA.                




Partner

                                    Current                


Emerald Stage2 Ventures LP


                  Emerald Stage2 Ventures LP invests in emerging technological companies primarily located in Pennsylvania, the Mid-Atlantic region and also considers opportunities throughout the D.C. to New York corridor. The fund focuses on companies operating in the fields of business services, financial services, healthcare and pharmaceutical information technology. It provides financing for early stage capital requirements with an investment size of $1 - $3 million.                




Advisor

                                    Current                


Ben Franklin Technology Partners


                  Ben Franklin Technology Partners (BFTP) provides seed and early-stage capital to companies in the information technology, life sciences and physical sciences sectors. Their Innovation Fund provides up to $100,000 to technology companies for prototype refinement and/or very early commercialization efforts. BFTP's Emerging Fund invests up to $750,000 in technology companies over multiple financing rounds for product or process development and/or commercialization efforts. Their Technology Commercialization Fund invests up to $350,000 in select university and research institution spin-out companies. Companies must be commercial, for-profit businesses located in the Pennsylvania counties of Buck, Chester, Delaware, Montgomery or Philadelphia.BFTP provides early-stage financing to promising life sciences ventures in the biopharmaceuticals, medical devices, diagnostics, biomaterials and healthcare information technology industries. They look for companies with strong management and strong IP and patent protection that are involved in a novel and unique science. Investments range from $100,000 to $500,000 as part of larger funding rounds of $200,000 to $3 million involving other sources such as SBIR, angel, early-stage venture capital and other state funding sources.BFTP also invests in promising physical sciences companies involved in developing advanced materials, sensors, robotics, environmental and consumer goods. They look for companies with strong management and strong IP and patent protection that offer a disruptive and unique technology.                




Advisor

                                    Current                


Nextstage Capital Management LLC


                  NextStage Capital invests in early-stage companies in the Mid-Atlantic region.  The firm places an emphasis on technology software, hardware and services. This includes products or services that have achieved proof of concept, beta acceptance or initial customer acceptance. The firm seeks companies with a strong proprietary core or platform technology and that are currently or within six months of producing first revenue. These companies offer a large, high-growth market opportunity validated by existing competitors, substitute solutions, customer acceptance or developing opportunity and the ability to identify multiple exit options                




Managing Partner & Co-Founder

                                    2007 - Prior                


Penn Valley Group Southeast LLC


                  Penn Valley Group Southeast LLC provides investment and advisory services. It is an operationally-oriented management consulting firm specializing in designing, developing and implementing solutions to a client base, with a focus on driving revenue, improving operational and organizational effectiveness and optimizing cash flow. The firm helps clients execute sustainable solutions in all key business areas. The company was founded by Steve T. Zarrilli and Bruce H. Luehrs on September 28, 2007 and is headquartered in Wayne, PA.                




General Partner

                                    1998 - 2006                


Edison Ventures Management LLC


                  Edison Edison Ventures Management invests in growth stage technology companies. They specialize in investments in Financial Technology, healthcare IT, interactive marketing and enterprise 2.0. The firm’s initial investments, ranging from $4-$12 million, are focused on businesses with $5-$20 million in revenue and total investments range from $8–$20 million. Our sector focus arms us with insight into emerging technologies, market trends and business models. And our network of executives, strategic partners and specialized consultants greatly strengthens our ability to ensure more scalable, valuable, successful companies.                




Officer

                                    1975 - Prior                


United States Air Force


                  The mission of the United States Air Force is to fly, fight and win … in air, space and cyberspace.

To achieve that mission, the Air Force has a vision of Global Vigilance, Reach and Power. That vision orbits around three core competencies: developing Airmen, technology to war fighting and integrating operations. These core competencies make our six distinctive capabilities possible.
Air and Space Superiority

With it, joint forces can dominate enemy operations in all dimensions: land, sea, air and space.
Global Attack

Because of technological advances, the Air Force can attack anywhere, anytime and do so quickly and with greater precision than ever before.
Rapid Global Mobility

Being able to respond quickly and decisively anywhere we're needed is key to maintaining rapid global mobility.
Precision Engagement

The essence lies in the ability to apply selective force against specific targets because the nature and variety of future contingencies demand both precise and reliable use of military power with minimal risk and collateral damage.
Information Superiority

The ability of joint force commanders to keep pace with information and incorporate it into a campaign plan is crucial.
Agile Combat Support

Deployment and sustainment are keys to successful operations and cannot be separated. Agile combat support applies to all forces, from those permanently based to contingency buildups to expeditionary forces.
Core Values

The Air Force bases these core competencies and distinctive capabilities on a shared commitment to three values: Integrity first, Service before self, and Excellence in all we do.                




President

                                    Prior                


First Fidelity Bank, NA Pennsylvania






President

                                    Prior                


Fidelcor, Inc.






General Partner

                                    Prior                


Edison Venture Fund LP


                  Edison Venture Fund LP invests in technology companies located in the US. The fund targets companies operating in the fields of application & system software, environmental technology & services, healthcare products & services, communications products & services, computer equipment & services, education technology, electronic components & systems, office & factory automation, biotechnology equipment & services, analytical instrumentation, specialty chemicals & materials, financial services, consumer products & services, and energy & agricultural technologies. It provides financing for expansion/later stage, MBOs and special situations such as sale of family owned businesses, divestitures, spinouts. It selectively invests in start-ups and also considers secondary stock purchases from existing shareholders.                




Vice President

                                    Prior                


Columbia Capital LLC - Virginia


                  Columbia Capital specializes in investments in emerging companies in the wireless, broadband, media and enterprise information technology sectors. Within the wireless sector, the firm focuses on mobile carriers, towers, network infrastructure, software, applications, media services and components. Their investments in the broadband sector include next generation carriers, software, infrastructure and components. Columbia Capital's enterprise information technology investments focus on managed services, information technology services, software and information management. Within the media sector, they target companies involved in cable, broadcasting, consumer Internet, advertising and content.Columbia Capital looks for companies with exceptional management teams that are focused on defining markets and developing disruptive technologies. The firm looks for under-the-radar opportunities, out-of-favor companies, value plays and turnaround situations. Their main focus is on growth-oriented new market development, but they are also interested in investments in established companies that offer attractive investment opportunities. Columbia Capital seeks to identify markets with the potential for rapid growth. They also look for transformational opportunities and seek to leverage their market experience to develop business models and distribution strategies that increase the chances for break-out success.Columbia Capital participates in early stage investments, large growth stage financings and special situations. Investments range from seed investments of $1 million to late-stage capital investments of $50 million or more. The firm is typically the first institutional investor in their portfolio companies. They take a leadership role in their portfolio companies and on their portfolio companies' boards of directors.                




Vice President

                                    Prior                


Columbia Capital LLC


                  Columbia Capital LLC is a registered investment advisor located in Fullerton, California.                




Commercial Lender

                                    Prior                


The Fidelity Bank (Fuquay-Varina, North Carolina)


                  The Fidelity Bank provides commercial banking services. The firm offers online services, business banking services and personal banking services. The company was founded in 1909 and is headquartered in Fuquay Varina, NC.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


PNC Equity Management Corp.


                  Incline Equity Partners focuses on investments in middle-market buyout and growth opportunities, targeting transactions of $20 million to $125 million. The firm typically serves as a lead investor and generally invests $10 million to $30 million per transaction. For larger investments, the often form investment syndicates.Incline Equity Partners seeks to invest in companies with proven business models and proven management teams. They focus on investments in niche manufacturing companies, outsourced services organizations and value-added distribution businesses. The firm prefers to invest in companies with significant market share that are operating in industries with attractive growth opportunities. Incline Equity Partners employs a flexible approach to structuring investments that considers future financing needs. They may take minority or a majority ownership positions in their portfolio companies.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Continental Bank (Chicago, Illinois)






Commercial Lender

                                    Prior                


Continental Illinois National Bank of Chicago







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Independent Director

                    2014 - Current                  


Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc.

                    Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc. engages in the provision of personalized medication therapy management and pharmacy services to reduce medication risk. It provides patient-specific, data-driven technology and solutions that enable healthcare organizations to optimize medication regimens to improve patient outcomes, reduce hospitalizations, lower healthcare costs and manage risk. The company was founded by Calvin H. Knowlton and Orsula V. Knowlton in April 2009 and is headquartered in Moorestown, NJ.                  




Chairman

                    Current                  


Miria Systems, Inc.

                    Miria Systems, Inc. develops a cloud-based software platform. The firm provides business process automation applications through its platform, ActiveOps. Its services include IBM content management, data capture, FileNet ECM, sharepoint services, implementation, and engineering ECM. The company was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Norristown, PA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Core Solutions, Inc. (Pennsylvania)

                    Core Solutions, Inc. provides practice management and billing solutions designed for behavioral health and human services organizations. It offers Core Cx360 Technology, Core Cx360 Integrated Behavioral Health EHR Platform, Core Cx360 Integrated Health and Human Services Technology, and Core Implementation Services. The company was founded by Ravichandar Ganesan on December 9, 1998 and is headquartered in King of Prussia, PA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Business Intelligence International, Inc.

                    AlignAlytics develops web based business intelligence solutions. Its services include outsourced analytics, rapid solution prototyping, analytics dashboard design, analytics strategy, and lean analytics capability enablement. The company was founded by Richard A. Connelly and Roland P. Mosimann in 1995 and is headquartered in Wayne, PA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


vcopious, Inc.

                    vcopious, Inc. provides virtual environment software services. Its software platform enables enterprises to connect relevant internal assets, including eCommerce, CRM, social media, customer records, learning systems and contact centers, while collecting every user activity within the platform. The firm offers Virtual Spaces Suite which is an end-to-end solution used for designing, creating and managing virtual environments and events. The company was founded by Harpreet Singh Chatha and Ronaled Giannone in 2008 and is headquartered in Blue Bell, PA.                  




Board Member

                    Current                  


Tabula Rasa Healthcare (formerly CareKinesis)

                    CareKinesis, Inc. provides state-of-the-art medication management through a combination of technology, science and services that reduces costs, improves the quality of care and decreases the risks associated with ineffective medication plans.                  




Chairman

                    Prior                  


Mid-Atlantic Capital Alliance






Chairman

                    Prior                  


Greater Philadelphia Venture Group






Director

                    Prior                  


Octagon Research Solutions, Inc.

                    Octagon Research Solutions, Inc. provides software services to the pharmaceutical sectors.  The company was founded by James C. Walker in 1999 and is headquartered in King of Prussia, PA.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


CorrectNet, Inc.

                    CorrectNet, Inc. was provided enterprise data management and web based publishing solutions for asset management and financial businesses. The company was founded by Robert J. Miller in 1997 and was headquartered in Hauppauge, NY.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Cadient Group, Inc.

                    Cadient Group, Inc. develops interactive marketing strategies for health-care organizations. It provides metrics analysis, creativity, rich user experience, architecture and development and relationship marketing. The company is headquartered in Malvern, PA.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


InnaPhase Corp.

                    InnaPhase Corporation provides innovative technology solutions for early drug development teams. The company's software technologies allow clients to maximize their drug development pipeline. InnaPhase leverages scientific experience with advanced software and clinical database technologies to provide specialized systems that are powerful, yet easy to use, and highly scalable.                  





 Political Donations



$500

                  1996                


Mark R. Warner


                  Senator from Virginia                




$500

                  1995                


Mark R. Warner


                  Senator from Virginia                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Bruce H. Luehrs is affiliated with
                            Rittenhouse Ventures LLC, Seaview Thermal Systems, Emerald Stage2 Ventures LP, Ben Franklin Technology Partners, Nextstage Capital Management LLC, Penn Valley Group Southeast LLC, Edison Ventures Management LLC, United States Air Force, First Fidelity Bank, NA Pennsylvania, Fidelcor, Inc., Edison Venture Fund LP, Columbia Capital LLC - Virginia, Columbia Capital LLC, The Fidelity Bank (Fuquay-Varina, North Carolina), PNC Equity Management Corp., Continental Bank (Chicago, Illinois), Continental Illinois National Bank of Chicago, Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc., Miria Systems, Inc., Core Solutions, Inc. (Pennsylvania), Business Intelligence International, Inc., vcopious, Inc., Tabula Rasa Healthcare (formerly CareKinesis), Mid-Atlantic Capital Alliance, Greater Philadelphia Venture Group, Octagon Research Solutions, Inc., CorrectNet, Inc., Cadient Group, Inc., InnaPhase Corp..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤




















Bruce H. Luehrs: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 11:03 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Delaware Valley Capital



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Bruce H. Luehrs  Founder and Managing Director, Delaware Valley CapitalAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 8 Board Members in 8 different organizations across 11 different industries.See Board Relationships63--
Background

		Mr. Bruce H. Luehrs serves as a Founder, Managing Partner and Partner at Rittenhouse Ventures, LLC (a/k/a Emerald Stage2 Ventures). Mr. Luehrs is a Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Penn Valley Group Investment Services. He is the Founder and Managing Director of Delaware Valley Capital. Mr. Luehrs is well known in the Philadelphia area and has an extensive background in venture capital, leveraged buyouts, equity and debt financings and investment banking for 30 years. ... Over eight years, he has championed investments in 14 companies totaling over $60 million. Mr. Luehrs' experience covers a wide range of industries including technology, media and telecom, financial services and consumer products. Prior to establishing Delaware in 2007, he was the Co-Founder and Managing Partner of the Penn Valley Group and focused on investment activities. Mr. Luehrs successfully led the management buyout of Smooth Fitness and made investments in Red Lasso and Health and Wellness Network. He was a General Partner of Edison Ventures Fund from 1998 to 2006, where he participated in investing over $250 million. During his tenure at Edison, Mr. Luehrs focused on investment opportunities in the telecommunications services, financial services information technology and pharmaceutical information technology sectors. He carried forward a lot of Edison investments in the Mid-Atlantic region including Gain Capital. Mr. Luehrs also carried forward investments in Virtual Edge, Fiberlink, Innaphase, Octagon and Cadient. Prior to Edison, He served as Vice President at Columbia Capital and a Principal at PNC Equity Management. While at PNC Equity Management, Mr. Luehrs directed its specialization on wireless telephone service investments. He was a commercial lender at Continental Illinois National Bank and Fidelity Bank. While at Fidelity, Mr. Luehrs developed a lending and investment practice serving emerging growth companies in the Delaware Valley and built a practice in funding leveraged buyouts. In 1988, Mr. Luehrs secured a SBIC license for Fidelity Bank and served as the President of the SBIC unit of Fidelcor Capital, where he began his investment activities as the Founder and the first President. He serves as Chairman of Miria Systems, Inc. Mr. Luehrs serves as a Director of Wellness Network and Business Intelligence International, Inc. He has been an Independent Director at Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc. since June 2014. Mr. Luehrs serves as a Director of TriSixty Security Inc. and Core Solutions, Inc. He serves as a Director of CoreStar Financial Group Inc., Business Intelligence International, Inc., Cadient Group, Inc. and Derivatives Portfolio Management. Mr. Luehrs serves as Board Observer of V-Span. He serves as a Member of Advisory Board at NextStage Capital, L.P. Mr. Luehrs served as a Director of FASTNET Corp. (AKA FN Estate, Inc.) since September 2001. He served as the Chairman of CorrectNet, Inc. Mr. Luehrs served as a Director of Fine Point Technologies, Inc., Octagon Research Solutions Inc. InnaPhase Corporation, Fiberlink Communications Corporation, GAIN Capital Group, LLC and Incurrent Solutions, Inc. He served as a Director of the Philadelphia Chapter of the National Association of Corporate Directors and active in the Association of Corporate Growth. Mr. Luehrs served as Chairman of the Greater Philadelphia Venture Group. He served as an Officer in the United States Air Force in 1975. Mr. Luehrs is a Member of the Association for Corporate Growth. He received an M.B.A. from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and graduated from Duke University with a B.A. in Economics, summa cum laude.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
37 West AvenueWayne, Pennsylvania 19087United StatesPhone: 610-225-3200Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorTriSixty Security Inc.DirectorCorestar Financial Group, Inc.DirectorBusiness Intelligence International, Inc.Chairman of the BoardMiria Systems, Inc.DirectorCore Solutions, Inc.2014-PresentIndependent DirectorTabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc.
Education
BA Duke UniversityMBA J.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University
Other Affiliations
Ben Franklin Technology Partners of Southeastern Pennsylvania, Investment ArmEdison PartnersFiberlink Communications Corp.InnaPhase CorporationTriSixty Security Inc.FN Estate, Inc.GAIN Capital Group, LLCIncurrent Solutions, Inc.CorrectNet, Inc.Edison Venture Fund IV, L.P.Edison Venture Fund V, L.P.Cadient Group, Inc.Duke UniversityOctagon Research Solutions, Inc.Fine Point Technologies, Inc.J.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern UniversityCorestar Financial Group, Inc.Edison Venture Fund VI, L.P.Penn Valley Group Investment ServicesNextStage Capital, L.P.Business Intelligence International, Inc.Miria Systems, Inc.Rittenhouse Ventures, LLCCore Solutions, Inc.Tabula Rasa Healthcare, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Delaware Valley Capital, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 













 



Bruce Luehrs | Facebook





Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？Bruce LuehrsBruce Luehrs 正在使用 Facebook。注册 Facebook，与 Bruce Luehrs 建立联系。登录或注册关于 Bruce Luehrs工作Rittenhouse VenturesManaging Partner & Co-Founder · 2014年至今stage2 capital management LLCManaging Partner & Co-Founder · 2008年至今Edison PartnersPartner · 1998年 - 2006年职业技能Vulture capitalist学历Northwestern University1977 毕业Duke University1975 毕业 · Religion and War · 达勒姆 (北卡罗来纳州)Mount Vernon High亚历山德里亚 (弗吉尼亚州)所在地和家乡Rose Valley, Pennsylvania所在地费城家乡关于 Bruce LuehrsNeeded to get on board before membership hits 1 billiion-- not exactly an early adaptor.  Thanks Greg for the nudge.喜爱的引言No one is completely worthless, they can alway serve as a bad example你关注的主页运动员Jimmy Rollins其他Partners In Health 、SpectiCast 、 Hard Ink Tattoo Studio、University Barge Club 、Duke Men's Basketball 、 Metaspoon、Humans of New York 、Philly Tech Week 、 Karmalize Productions、ExpenseWatch.com 、 Duke Blue Devils on 247Sports、BMW USA 、 Stadium照片+282查看更多照片其他名字相似的用户Bruce WorrellMary SmolinskiBruce WitterWilliam BruceMargaret BruceWayne Bruce联系方式无联系方式可显示中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


 





AP Automation Thought Leaders












































Careers
Contact Us
Support Desk
 

















Board of Directors
Bruce Luehrs, Chairman
Bruce Luehrs was previously a General Partner of the Edison Venture Fund from 1998 through 2006 and has been a banker, entrepreneur, and venture capitalist for the past 25 years. Bruce has extensive experience with both equity and debt financings and is well known in the Philadelphia area, having served as a past Chairman of the Greater Philadelphia Venture Group (now the MAC Alliance) and as an active member of the Mid Atlantic Venture Conference Steering Committee and the Association for Corporate Growth.
Bruce brings a strong track record to Emerald Stage2 and has extensive investment experience in the region, having championed numerous Edison investments in the Mid-Atlantic region including Gain Capital (www.gaincapital.com), Virtual Edge (recently sold to ADP), Fiberlink (www.fiberlink.com), Innaphase (successfully sold to Thermo Electron in 2004), Octagon (www.octagonresearch.com) and Cadient (www.cadient.com). Bruce’s investment activities have been concentrated on financial services information technology (IT), pharmaceutical IT and communications services companies. Over the past 8 years, Bruce has championed investments in 14 companies totaling over $60 million.
Previously, Bruce was Vice President of Columbia Capital, an investment merchant bank in Alexandria, Virginia and a principal at PNC Equity Management and Fidelcor Capital. While at PNC Equity Management, he directed their specialization on wireless telephone service investments. Earlier in his career, Bruce was a commercial lender with Continental Illinois National Bank (Chicago) and Fidelity Bank (Philadelphia). While at Fidelity, he developed a lending and investment practice for Fidelity Bank to serve emerging growth companies in the Delaware Valley. In 1988, he secured a SBIC license for Fidelity Bank and served as the first President of the SBIC unit and Fidelcor Capital.
Bruce was commissioned as an officer in the United States Air Force in 1975. He received an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University following graduation from Duke University with a BA in Economics, summa cum laude.
Saul Richter
Mr. Richter is the Founder of Emerald Stage2 Ventures and has been active within the technology community for twenty years as a venture capitalist, entrepreneur and technologist. Mr. Richter brings the Fund broad experience in the venture capital industry, having worked at a number of leading venture firms over the past 10 years. Mr. Richter’s strong technical background in software development and systems administration, his ongoing avid interest in emerging technologies and deep early-stage venture experience make him a strong leader of the Emerald Stage2 Investment Team.
Since founding Stage2 in 2006, Mr. Richter has led investments in Evident Software, Maverick Network Solutions and ClickEquations, and he currently sits on the Boards of all three companies. Prior to Stage2, Mr. Richter was a Principal at Himalaya Capital, which he joined in early 2002. While at Himalaya, Mr. Richter was active on the boards of a number of companies including Concerro (fka BidShift) and Wasabi Systems. Prior to Himalaya, Mr. Richter worked at Lucent Technologies in the New Ventures Group, where he focused on the creation and launch of software startups. In addition to Lucent, Mr. Richter has prior venture capital experience working at Softbank Ventures (now Mobius Venture Capital), Jerusalem Global Ventures and Flatiron Partners.
Mr. Richter also has operational experience as the founder of Zapper Technologies’ US operations. He formed and built out the company’s US office, developed the go-to-market strategy, hired a sales force and worked closely with the Israel-based development team to coordinate product development. Mr. Richter also worked as a financial analyst at Salomon Smith Barney and as head of new product development at Dubois, Brown & Co, a financial analysis software company sold to Thomson Financial (NYSE:TOC).
Mr. Richter earned his MBA from Columbia Business School, where he was awarded the Beta Gamma Sigma Alumni award for overall achievement. He received his BA in economics from Columbia University. Mr. Richter is also a frequent speaker on technology and venture capital trends.
Marty Michael, CEO
Read Profile
Ron Siena, President – IBM Solutions
Read Profile




 



























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















