





		Mr. Ronen Luzon - Founder & Chief Executive Officer - MySize
	


















































































Mr. Ronen Luzon – Founder & Chief Executive Officer














 

  




Ronen is a serial entrepreneur and a skilled manager with a track record of success across various industries. Prior to founding MySizeId, he established and led startups in the medical devices and communication sectors. Among his other endeavors, Ronen founded Malers, a company that has grown to be a leader in the global security solutions market and provides some of the most advanced technological solutions for integrated communication infrastructures, security and control systems. Prior to that, he held several senior marketing, sales management and professional services positions in a variety of international high tech companies. Ronen graduated from Middlesex University in London with a B.sc in IT and Business Information Systems.
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)

Related
 







 







Home
Products

SizeUp
MySizeID
In-Store Shopping Tool
Cross-Site Search Feature
How Does it Work?


News

News
Press Releases


Blog
Investor relations

Press Releases


About

Overview
Management
Board of Directores
Advisory Board


Contact
facebook
Twiiter
youtbue
linkedin
mail

 2014 © mysizeid.com, All rights reserved     Site by Mishka Ve Shushka




















































Ronen Luzon, MY Size Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




















Feedback





Ronen Luzon

Chief Executive Officer,
MY Size Inc






Career History




Chief Executive Officer
MY Size Inc, 8/2013-PRESENT









Website:
www.mysizeid.com






Corporate Information
Address:

Arava Street
POB 1026
Airport City, 7010000
Israel


Phone:
972-3-600-9030


Fax:
972-8-928-123


Web url:
www.mysizeid.com











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




MY Size Inc


Board Member, 8/2013-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































MySize Inc. CEO Ronen Luzon To Present At The National Investment Banking Association (NIBA) 141st Investment Conference - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































MySize Inc. CEO Ronen Luzon To Present At The National Investment Banking Association (NIBA) 141st Investment Conference









PR Newswire




Jun 22, 2017 9:00 AM EDT













 


















































 AIRPORT CITY, Israel, June 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --  MySize Inc. (the "Company") (NASDAQ: MYSZ; TASE: MYSZ), developer of proprietary, smartphone measurement applications, announced today that Company CEO Mr. Ronen Luzon will address the National Investment Banking Association (NIBA) 141st Investment Conference on June 27, 2017 at the Westin Grand Central Hotel located at 212 East 42 nd Street, New York, NY 10017. Mr. Luzon's presentation titled: Disruptive  Measurement  E-Commerce Innovation and Associated Investment Opportunities, will review the currently unmet need for comprehensive measurement technology in the apparel, e-commerce DIY and parcel delivery markets and the present state of affairs.  He will also describe how MySize has begun successfully filling this need with technology that enables correct choices on first selection, improves efficiency and saves money for both the vendor and the customer. "It is an honor to be invited to present at the NIBA conference. I am enthusiastic to introduce participants to MySize and the value proposition of its technology and product pipeline," said Mr. Luzon.  About National Investment Banking Association (NIBA)  Since 1982, National Investment Banking Association (NIBA) has been a not-for-profit association comprised of micro-cap and small-cap professionals encompassing Broker Dealers, Investment Bankers, RIA's, Private Equity Groups, Family Offices, Boutique Corp. Finance, Specialized Investment Brokerages, Venture Capital Groups, Fund Managers, Investors, etc. NIBA provides unique opportunities for investment professionals to make valuable industry connections while gaining new perspectives on critical market challenges, issues and trends redefining today's dynamic and ever-evolving capital markets. National Investment Banking Association continues to be the premier forum for quality micro-cap/small-cap companies seeking access and exposure to the financial community. NIBA's must-attend events showcase private and public companies actively seeking access to the financial industry. Companies first present formally to hundreds and then have the opportunity to meet privately and have in-depth discussions with interested parties.  



 








 































































 











Trending


AMD's Strong Guidance Points to Share Gains and More Could Be On the Way


Advanced Micro Devices Could Explode Another 17% Within Hours: Chart


Chipotle CEO Steve Ells: We Failed Because of This New Norovirus Outbreak


No Good Stock Left Behind: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Tuesday 7/25/17)


GM May Slash Six Car Models to Combat Slumping Sales, Avoid Plant Layoffs











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












    Ronen Luzon | MySize Inc | ZoomInfo.com


MYSZ Ronen Luzon Insider Trades for My Size Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































My Size Inc.

                  NASDAQ: MYSZ
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

My Size Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 4:56 p.m.


MYSZ

/quotes/zigman/74874943/composite


$
1.12




Change

-0.02
-1.75%

Volume
Volume 2,679
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/74874943/composite
Today's close

$
			1.12
		


$
				1.14
			
Change

+0.02
+1.79%





Day low
Day high
$1.12
$1.16










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.99
        

            $16.70
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Ronen Luzon



Mr. Ronen Luzon is President & Chief Executive Officer at RFI Technologies, Inc., CEO, Secretary, Treasurer & Director at My Size, Inc., and President, CEO, CFO, Treasurer & CAO at eSimple, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at My Size, Inc.
Mr. Luzon was previously employed as Chief Executive Officer by Malers Automation & Control Ltd.
He received his undergraduate degree from Middlesex University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value








        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Eliyahu  Walles 
Chairman




Mr. Ronen  Luzon 
CEO, Secretary, Treasurer & Director




Mr. Kles  Or 
Chief Financial Officer




Mr. Oded  Shoshan 
Chief Technology Officer




Ms. Billy  Pardo Luzon Balla 
Chief Product Officer & VP-Products




Mr. Arik  Kaufman 
Director




Dr. Shoshana  Herman 
Director




Mr. Oren  Elmaliah 
Director




Mr. Yisrael  Gewirtz 
Internal Auditor









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:28 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:04pDoes your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that
11:04pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
11:03pWhat everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s ad hoc approach to meetings
10:14pOne version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote
9:28pGeorge Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



























































Ronen Luzon: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 11:28 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of eSimple, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Ronen   Luzon  CEO, President, Principal Financial & Accounting Officer, Secretary, Treasurer & Director, eSimple, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 2 different industries.43--
Background

		Ronen Luzon has been President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Secretary and Treasurer at eSimple, Inc. since June 19, 2008. Mr. Luzon has also been Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Treasurer at RFI Technologies, Inc. since August 11, 2008 and also serves as its Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Malers Automation and Control Ltd. since ... 2005. Mr. Luzon served as a customer support representative and pre-post sales manager at Eldat Communication, Ltd. from 1998 to 2003 and served as its sales manager from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Luzon has been Director of RFI Technologies, Inc. since August 11, 2008, eSimple, Inc. since June 19, 2008 and Malers Automation and Control Ltd. since 2005. Mr. Luzon holds B.Sc. degree in Business Information Systems and Information Technology from Middlesex University, London, UK.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
17 Hamizpe StreetShoham, -- 60850IsraelPhone: 972 2 1279 65809Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2008-PresentCEO, President, Principal Financial & Accounting Officer, Secretary, Treasurer & DirectoreSimple, Inc.
Education
BS Middlesex University
Other Affiliations
Middlesex UniversityMalers Inc.RFI Technologies, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact eSimple, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























My Size Inc. (via Public) / June, 2017 | MySize Inc. CEO Ronen Luzon to Present at the National Investment Banking Association (NIBA) 141st Investment Conference



























                        Hello .
                    


 United States 







News


International News


Education


Environment


Healthcare


Technology


Internet




Science


Social and Non-Profit


Local News




Politicsand Policy


Government


Politics


Local Government


International Policy




Businessand Economy


Economy


Finance


Stock Markets




Jobs and Labor


Company News


Industry News


Aerospace


Agriculture


Chemicals


Commodities


Construction


Consumer Electronics


Defense


Energy


Nuclear Energy


Oil and Gas


Renewable Energy




Financial Services


Banking


Insurance




Fishing and Aquaculture


Manufacturing


Information Technology


Metals and Mining


Pharmaceuticals and Biotechnology


Real Estate


Professional and Business Services


Legal




Telecommunications


Tobacco


Retail


Transportation


Air Transportation


Maritime Transportation


Rail Transportation


Road Transportation




Utilities


Forestry and Wood Industry






Artsand Culture


Art


Books and Literature


Entertainment


Cinema


Media


Radio and Television




Music






Lifestyleand Leisure


Automotive


Home and Garden


Fashion and Luxury


Clothing and Textile




Food


Travel and Hospitality


Boating and Yachting




Sports


Baseball


Basketball


Boxing


Cricket


Cycling


Football (American)


Football (Australian)


Football (Soccer)


Golf


Hockey


Racing


Rugby


Sailing


Skiing and Winter Sports


Tennis


Volleyball











noodls browser compatibility check

The security settings of your browser are blocking the execution of scripts.
To use noodls, javascript support must be enabled. Please change your browser's security settings to enable javascript.
If you have changed your browser's security settings, you can click here.






related announcements
Finance


Apollo Global Management LLC
Constellation Merger Sub Inc. Announces Tender Offer and Consent[...]


Auburn Bancorp Inc.
Escrow: taxes, insurance, and peace of mind all rolled into one payment


Moelis & Company
Moelis & Company Prices Public Offering of Class A Common Stock


More
Stock Markets


Trinity Industries Inc.
Trinity Industries, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results


The Allstate Corporation
Azuga Teams Up with Allstate’s Signature Motor Club for Roadside Assistance


Co-Diagnostics Inc.
Co-Diagnostics, Inc. Announces Joint Venture in India


More











search






















My Size Inc.



06/22/2017 | Press release | Distributed by Public on 06/22/2017 07:29
June, 2017 | MySize Inc. CEO Ronen Luzon to Present at the National Investment Banking Association (NIBA) 141st Investment Conference








        June 22.06.2017
      

        Mr. Luzon will speak on the topic: disruptive measurement e-commerce innovation and associated investment opportunities.
      

        Airport City, Israel, June 22, 2017 - MySize Inc. (the 'Company') (NASDAQ: MYSZ; TASE: MYSZ), developer of proprietary, smartphone measurement applications, announced today that
      

        Company CEO Mr. Ronen Luzon will address the National Investment Banking Association (NIBA) 141st Investment Conference on June 27, 2017 at the Westin Grand Central Hotel located at 212 East 42 Street, New York, NY 10017.
      

        Mr. Luzon's presentation titled: Disruptive Measurement E-Commerce Innovation and Associated Investment Opportunities, will review the currently unmet need for comprehensive measurement technology in the apparel, e-commerce DIY and parcel delivery markets and the present state of affairs.  He will also describe how MySize has begun successfully filling this need with technology that enables correct choices on first selection, improves efficiency and saves money for both the vendor and the customer.
      

        'It is an honor to be invited to present at the NIBA conference. I am enthusiastic to introduce participants to MySize and the value proposition of its technology and product pipeline,' said Mr. Luzon.
      

About National Investment Banking Association (NIBA)


        Since 1982, National Investment Banking Association (NIBA) has been a not-for-profit association comprised of micro-cap and small-cap professionals encompassing Broker Dealers, Investment Bankers, RIA's, Private Equity Groups, Family Offices, Boutique Corp. Finance, Specialized Investment Brokerages, Venture Capital Groups, Fund Managers, Investors, etc. NIBA provides unique opportunities for investment professionals to make valuable industry connections while gaining new perspectives on critical market challenges, issues and trends redefining today's dynamic and ever-evolving capital markets.
      

        National Investment Banking Association continues to be the premier forum for quality micro-cap/small-cap companies seeking access and exposure to the financial community. NIBA's must-attend events showcase private and public companies actively seeking access to the financial industry. Companies first present formally to hundreds and then have the opportunity to meet privately and have in-depth discussions with interested parties.
      

        During our 35 years NIBA network firms have completed thousands of equity offerings totaling over $12 billion in new capital for emerging growth companies. Our network of firms represent over 8,800 registered representatives with an estimated $86 billion in assets under management, and are responsible for 90% of all initial public offerings under $20 million. For more information, please visit our website www.nibanet.org. You can also follow NIBA updates on Twitter @NIBAnet.


About MySize Inc.


        MySize Inc. (TASE: MYSZ) (NASDAQ: MYSZ) has developed a unique measurement technology based on sophisticated algorithms and cutting edge technology with broad applications including apparel, e-commerce DIY, shipping and parcel industry measurement.  This proprietary technology is driven by several patent-pending algorithms which are able to calculate and record measurements in a variety of novel ways. To learn more about MySize, please visit our website. www.mysizeid.com.
      

        Follow us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter.
      

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements


        This press release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are identified by the use of the words 'could,' 'believe,' 'anticipate,' 'intend,' 'estimate,' 'expect,' 'may,' 'continue,' 'predict,' 'potential,' 'project' and similar expressions that are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that these plans, objectives, expectations or intentions will be achieved.  Forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical experience and present expectations or projections.  Known material factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include: an active trading market for our common stock may not develop on NASDAQ; the trading price for our common stock may fluctuate significantly; and the Company will continue to be a 'controlled company,' as defined under NASDAQ rules, and the interests of our controlling stockholder may differ from those of our public stockholders.  Forward-looking statements also are affected by the risk factors described in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
      

Download Press Release














Sharing and Personal Tools

Please select the service you want to use:

Newsvine
Digg
Delicious
StumbleUpon
Technorati
Buzz
Favorites
Google Reader





Public link

Please use the above public link if you want to share this noodl on another website.


Close





Smartlinks
| My Size Inc.
| Medical Technology and Devices
| Healthcare Equipment and Services
| Medical Technology and Devices
| Finance
| Stock Markets
| Security Markets
| Stock Markets
| Security Markets
| Company News
| Financial Services
| Venture Capital
| Investment Services
| Manufacturing
| Medical Technology Companies
| Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE)
| Nasdaq Capital Market




 Back


 View original format











Copyright ©2006-2017 Public Technologies Inc.  | 
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Contact







		MySize
	















































































NEWS & EVENTS










SizeUp: A Smart Tape Measure that lets you measure EVERYTHING, via your Smartphone.





SizeUp is the must-have utility App that lets you measure flat surfaces with your smartphone. SizeUp is available for free download at the App Store. Keep Reading>>










CEO Ronen Luzon Welcomes New Shareholders





I would like to welcome all of our new shareholders on both exchanges and take this opportunity to discuss our market position, strategy and goals. Keep Reading>>










Spanish Retailing Leader Trucco Commences MySizeID Pilot for online customers





Trucco is a leading Spanish retailer with 240 shops in about 20 countries in Europe and other parts of the world. Keep Reading>>
















MySize Partners with Israel-based Katz Shipping to Develop Parcel Measuring App





Katz Shipping Co. to enable its customers to measure parcels with their Smartphone and calculate shipping fees, powered by MySize. watch the video!>>










The Nasdaq Closing Bell Ceremony featuring remarks by MySize CEO Ronen Luzon





On February 1, 2017, MySize Inc. CEO Ronen Luzon delivered remarks and rang the Nasdaq closing bell in honor of the company’s recent listing on the Nasdaq stock exchange. The ceremony was broadcast live. watch the video!>>










Interview with CEO Ronen Luzon on Nasdaq - Behind the Bell





MySize CEO Ronen Luzon speaks with Nasdaq’s Bradley Smith about the company’s founding, its products for shipping, clothing and home furnishings and the limitless number of applications of the technology. watch the video!>>




What IS MYSIZEID?




The idea for MySizeID is the brainchild of the company's founders. 





While shopping online for clothes, they were frustrated with the “hit or miss” fit of different brands, and this frustration was augmented by the return process. A serial entrepreneur, Ronen and his colleague reasoned that returns to retailers are a costly part of their business model, and upon looking at the problem from both sides, inspiration struck!
Keep Reading >>










SizeUp Ups its Game




SizeUp Ups its Game





In an exciting development for the New Year, SizeUp – developers of an advanced tape measure app – has announced the launch of a series of advanced new features for their extremely popular measurement tool, with close to 250,000 downloads to date.
The new features are designed to deliver greater accuracy, easier use and other smart features:
Air Measurement – a new way to measure:
The need to slide the phone over a surface has been eliminated! Now you can just place your phone at your starting point, activate the app, pick up the phone and move to your selected end-point.
Keep Reading >>
























 







Home
Products

SizeUp
MySizeID
In-Store Shopping Tool
Cross-Site Search Feature
How Does it Work?


News

News
Press Releases


Blog
Investor relations

Press Releases


About

Overview
Management
Board of Directores
Advisory Board


Contact
facebook
Twiiter
youtbue
linkedin
mail

 2014 © mysizeid.com, All rights reserved     Site by Mishka Ve Shushka












































