







Products - C.C. Lynch & Associates, Inc.












































































24-hour Phone: 800.333.2252 
  





Menu

















Water Analyzing Products
 
 
 









 







 
 
 




Flow Measurement
With over 45 years in the business our staff has expertise in virtually all wastewater flow meter technologies. In addition, our representation of Plasti-Fab, Inc., for over 40 years has brought us experience with all common flume types for any application. 
Learn More
 
 
 


 









 







 
 
 




Automatic Samplers
Automatic samplers are the perfect solution for applications requiring 24-hour composite sampling, stormwater runoff sampling, industrial pretreatment sampling, or any unmanned sampling application. Teledyne Isco offers the highest quality and widest variety of automatic samplers in the industry. We are proud to have represented Teledyne Isco for over 45 years.
 
Learn More
 
 
 


 









 







 
 
 




 
Flow Meters
Let our years of experience with various flow meter technologies and manufacturers help you find the right flow meter for your application and budget.
 
Learn More
 
 
 


 









 







 
 
 




 
Water Quality Monitoring
C.C. Lynch & Associates, Inc. has firsthand experience with water quality monitoring equipment from many manufacturers and in many different applications. Whether it be low flow groundwater sampling or on-line instrumentation for process control our staff has the experience to help you select the best equipment for your application.
Learn More
 
 
 


 









 







 
 
 




Water Level Monitoring
From advanced aquifer characterization, to long-term monitoring, to economical data collection let our experience with various water level monitoring equipment help guide you to the right equipment for your water level monitoring needs.
Learn More
 
 
 


 









 







 
 
 




Stream / River Flow Measurement
Stream flow measurement presents one of the most difficult flow measurement applications. Let our experience with unique technologies such as Acoustic Doppler Current Profilers (ADCP) guide you to finding a solution for your flow measurement needs.
Learn More
 
 
 


 









 







 
 
 




FRP Water Control Gates
Specialty Fiberglass Reinforced Plastic (FRP) gates by Plasti-Fab, Inc. offer a solution for water control applications where corrosion is inevitable. With a 25 year guarantee that these gates will not fail from corrosion why consider metal gates that are virtually guaranteed to corrode over time? Designed with a structural steel frame encapsulated in a UV resistant resin Plasti-Fab gates can meet the need of any water control gate application.
Learn More
 
 
 


 









 







 
 
 




Telemetry
C.C. Lynch & Associates, Inc. has experience working with a wide variety of telemetry systems and data hosting systems.  With the popularity of wireless telemetry systems growing and competition in the marketplace, telemetry systems have reached a point where there is an affordable option for most applications.
Learn More
 
 
 


 









 







 
 
 




Plasti-Fab Enclosures & Shelters
C.C. Lynch offers a wide variety of ancillary items to complete your water quality or water quantity measurement project needs. Solar panels, equipment shelters, communication protocol converters, weather stations, and more.
 
Learn More
 
 
 


 


 

 






Scroll Up




















Flumes for Flow Measurement Systems - C.C. Lynch








































































24-hour Phone: 800.333.2252 
  





Menu

















Flumes for Flow Measurement Systems
 
 
 









 




Experience with Flumes for over 40 years. 
By far the most widely accepted flow measurement device is a flume. With over 40 years experience assisting customers with selecting the appropriate flume for their applications paired with Plasti-Fab, Inc.’s high quality corrosion resistant flumes, let C.C. Lynch & Associates, Inc. help you design your next flow measurement system.
 
 
 


 









 







 
 
 




Palmer-Bowlus Flume

Widely used for flow measurement in manholes and temporary flow studies due to it’s small size and ability to install in existing sewer lines.Available in sizes 4” to 72” covering flow ranges from 2-80 GPM and 600-91,000 GPM, respectively.


Precise throat dimensions for accurate flow measuremen
Standard 1/4” wall thickness
Free standing with up to 30” of Water Depth
Premium Grade Isophthalic Gel Coat for long term corrosion resistance
Head Gage
Reinforced with engineered box rib design for strength on larger sizes

Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 









 







 
 
 




Trapezoidal FlumeFiberglass Reinforced Polyester For Corrosion Resistance

Covering a wide range of flows these flumes were originally designed for use irrigation canals. The sloped sidewalls provide great resolution for applications with significant variance between low and high flow rates.
Available sizes cover flow ranges from 1-30 GPM up to 320-21,970 GPM.
 

Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 









 







 
 
 




Parshall Flume

The most widely used flume for flow measurement. Available in sizes 1 inch through 12 feet covering flow ranges from 2-90 GPM up to 3,060-255,000 GPM, respectively.
Available as a nested flume to accommodate facility expansions. Magic Bottoms available to correct a submerged flume condition.


Precise throat dimensions for accurate flow measurement
Standard 1/4”wall thickness
Premium grade isophthalic gel coat for long term corrosion resistance 
Head Gage for visual fluid level check
Reinforced with engineered box rib design for strength on larger size
Free standing with up to 30”of water depth
The most widely used water measurement flume

 
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 









 







 
 
 




H-Flumes

Requiring free fall from the end of the flume the H, HS, and HL flumes are fantastic flumes for applications with significant variance between low and high flow rates.
Available in sizes 0.4’ to 4’ covering flow ranges from 1-30 GPM up to 10, 38,550 GPM, respectively.

Widest Range of Flow Available
High Tolerance to Velocity
Low Maintenance
Standard Sizes from 0.4’ to 4.5’
Engineered & Built to Order


 
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 









 







 
 
 




Packaged Metering Manhole

Introduced by Plasti-Fab over 20 years ago, a PMM is the easiest way to properly install a flume in an underground pipe. Integral flume with smooth non-porous bacteria resistant manhole interior.
A complete Packaged Metering Manhole designed for easy installation to solve flow measuring requirements in one clean package.

HEAVY DUTY COMPOSITE BARRELS • 48”, 60”, and 72” diameter barrels are standard, custom sizes are also available.
WATERTIGHT - one-piece construction with an integral bottom that completely eliminates infiltration.
LIGHTWEIGHT - weighs less than 10% of a comparable concrete structure, which facilitates a faster and easier installation.
CORROSION RESISTANT - extremely resistant to numerous chemicals, salt water, corrosive soil conditions, ground water, and electrolysis.
STRONG AND DURABLE - built to exceed the structural requirements of ASTM D-3753.
Smooth white interior gel coat finish provides a clean workspace inside the manhole, and maximizes available illumination.
COST EFFECTIVE - an excellent alternative to expensive large underground installations.


Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 




 


 

 






Scroll Up




















In-Situ Submersible Pressure Transducers - C.C. Lynch & Associates, Inc.











































































24-hour Phone: 800.333.2252 
  





Menu

















Submersible Pressure Transducers & Data Loggers
 
 
 














 
 
 




In-Situ, Inc. AquaTROLL 100 and 200
Multiparameter Sonde

Level, Temperature, and Conductivity all from one sub ¾” device. Internal batteries guaranteed for 5 years at a 15 minute data logging interval. Extend deployment times with the TROLLShield Antifouling System to prevent biological fouling within the conductivity sensor.

 
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 














 
 
 




Level TROLL® 400, 500 & 700 Data LoggersRugged Data Loggers
The In-Situ Level TROLL series offers a variety of instruments designed to meet your application and budget. From highly affordable applications with less stringent accuracy requirements all the way up to the highest accuracy available on the market. All Level TROLLs include onboard data-logging and carry a 3-year warranty. Capable of logging water level, temperature, and pressure.
 
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 









 



LevelTROLL 400

This sub 1" diameter titanium bodied instrument logs pressure, temperature, and water level. Available as in non-vented ranges from 30 PSI to 500 PSI.

 
 
 







 



LevelTROLL 500


This titanium instrument is available with a vented or non-vented pressure transducer making it suitable for harsh environments.


 
 
 







 



LevelTROLL 700


This titanium instrument is available with a vented or non-vented pressure transducer making it suitable for harsh environments. Includes professional logging types needed for aquifer characterization such as linear average, step linear, true logarithmic, and fast linear (4X second).


 
 
 














 
 
 




Virtual Hermit Aquifer Pump Test KitPump Test Kit

Use the Virtual HERMIT Aquifer Testing Kit, exclusively from In-Situ Rentals, to conduct step-drawdown tests and constant-rate pump tests. Monitor an entire well field with one system. Simultaneously configure, start, view, step, or stop all connected instruments. Download data while a test is running.

 
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 














 
 
 




In-Situ, Inc.’s AquaTROLL 200
Level, Temperature, and Conductivity all from one sub ¾” device. Internal batteries guaranteed for 5 years at a 15 minute data logging interval. Extend deployment times with the TROLLShield Antifouling System to prevent biological fouling within the conductivity sensor. Dynamic density compensation can be used to compensate water level for varying salinity.
 
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 














 
 
 




In-Situ, Inc.’s PXD Pressure TransducersPXD Pressure Transducers

High accuracy yet economical solution for water level monitoring with a standard 4-20 mA output for simple interfacing with data loggers or controllers. Depth range 0-577 feet.

Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 

 






Scroll Up




















Khrone, Isco, & Flexim Flow Meters for Simple Flow Measurement


















































































24-hour Phone: 800.333.2252 
  





Menu

















Flow Meters 
 
 
 









 




Flow Measurement. Made Simple. 
With just one signal converter and the widest range of flow sensors, the OPTIFLUX magmeters cover all applications, from simple water measurement to corrosive or abrasive products or even pulp and paper. Simplified engineering, procurement and inventory lead to cost-savings for the user. OPTIFLUX magmeters come standard with onboard diagnostics. Unique flow conditioning design available on 1” – 12” magmeters eliminating the need for straight run requirements.
 
 
 


 









 







 
 
 




ISCO Signature® Flow Meter
The Signature flow meter is designed for open channel flow monitoring applications. It supports flow measurement technologies including bubbler, non-contact laser area velocity, submerged Doppler ultrasonic area velocity, and ultrasonic. The meter can calculate flow using standard open channel level-to-flow and area velocity conversions, as well as user-defined equations, level to area data points, or level to flow data points, depending on the application need.
The Signature flow meter has unique features to verify data integrity. It logs key events such as changes in calibration and power outages to validate data accuracy. Data can be easily reviewed to detect any type of data alteration. With multiple smart interface options and multi-parameter logging (such as pH), the Signature flow meter provides a common platform for control action, reporting, and communication.
Multiple flow technologies are available so you can select the best flow technology for the measurement site and channel conditions. Available technologies are: bubbler, ultrasonic, continuous wave area velocity, and non-contacting LaserFlow™ velocity.
Applications

Industrial Pretreatment Compliance
Shallow Flow Measurement in Large and Small Pipes
Permit Enforcement
Wastewater Treatment Plants
Outfall 

Download PDFRequest Quote 
 



Standard Features

Multiple simultaneous flow technologies
SDI-12 input
RS-485 Modbus input
RS-485 Modbus output
NEW! Rain gauge input
Multiple parameter data logging
Program and Summary Reports
Data integrity verification
Triggering, sampler enabling
Compatibility with Flowlink® software

 
 
 
 


 











KROHNE OPTIFLUX Magmeters
 
 
 









 







 
 
 




TIDALFLUX 4300 F
Electromagnetic flow sensor for partially filled pipes

Measurement in partially filled pipes up to DN1600 / 64"Patented, non-contact level measurement
Measurement possible down to 10% filling of pipe
Communication The TIDALFLUX 4000 can be provided with state-of the-art fieldbus communication systems.
Data is transmitted by HART ® or Modbus and then forwarded to a management system.


Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 





 
 
 









 







 
 
 





EnviroMag 2000
Electromagnetic Flow Sensor

Engineered and manufactured for the North American water and wastewater industry
NSF Approved for potable water
Proven and unsurpassed lifetime performance
Long-term reliability and durability
Available IP68 rating
Available for direct burial installation


Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 





 
 
 









 







 
 
 




WATERFLUX
Electromagnetic flowmeters for applications in the water and wastewater industry

No inlet and outlet sections 4
Extremely robust measuring tube with Rilsan ® liner
4 Suitable for custody transfer, extremely precise, even for very low flow rates
4 Battery powered as option: up to 15 years continuous operation and GSM data transfer

Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 





 
 
 









 







 
 
 





UFM3030
The universal 3-beam in-line ultrasonic flowmeter for liquids
Standard solution in the process industry UFM 3030 is a 3-beam ultrasonic flowmeter for liquids.
UFM 3030 measures independent of conductivity, viscosity, temperature, density and pressure.

Independant of conductivity, viscosity, temperature, density and pressure
No moving or intruding parts, therefore no pressure loss or wear
Minimal operational and maintenance costs


 
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 










 
 
 









 







 
 
 





OPTISONIC6300
Ultrasonic clamp-on flowmeter
Unique rail mounted clamp-on design for quick and easy installations with the proven precision and reliability of KROHNE ultrasonic technology. Available in a permanent or portable version.

Robust industrial clamp-on construction
Immediate start-up
All in one concept 

Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 










 
 
 









 







 
 
 







Isco Non-Contact LaserFlowTM Velocity Sensor



Ultrasonic clamp-on flow meter
Remotely measures flow in a pipe or channel using advanced technology to measure velocity with a laser beam at single or multiple points below the surface of the wastewater stream. During submerged conditions, flow measurement continues without interruption with an optional Doppler Ultrasonic Area Velocity technology.
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 










 
 
 









 







 
 
 






accQpulse™ Velocity Profiler

Accurate flow measurement in shallow and deep water applications


The accQpulse™ Velocity Profiler brings unparalleled measurement precision and accuracy to flow rate measurement in many sizes of pipes and open channels. Its unique ability to measure velocity at multiple points makes it suitable for most applications including sites with non-uniform, rapidly changing, near zero, or reverse flow conditions. These applications include: wastewater collection systems, billing, combined sewer systems and outfalls, wastewater treatement facilities, irrigation canals, industrial discharges, and stormwater conveyance and outfalls.
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 





 
 
 









 







 
 
 






Krohne Optisound VU-31Ultrasonic Measurement System
Flow Measuring System


Line powered ultrasonic level or flow measuring system capable of calculating flow rates in Parshall flumes with submerged flow conditions when using two ultrasonic transducers. Includes two 4-20 mA outputs and 6 SPDT relays.

Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 











Flexim Clamp-On Flow Meters
 
 
 









 







 
 
 






FLUXUS F401
Single Channel Portable Flow Meter


The FLUXUS F401 is FLEXIM's dedicated single channel portable flow meter for applications in the municipial water and wastewater sector offering long term stable and precise bidirectional flow measurements in remote areas outdoor - being ideal for water loss activities prescribed in AWWA M-36.
As the measurement is carried out from the pipe wall outside and without contact with the water column, there is no need to enter the piping system or to interrupt supply. Thus, the FLUXUS F401 is the ideal tool for service and maintenance activities, for long or short term monitoring, data logging and existing meter verification.
The FLUXUS F401 is equipped with water-tight IP68 / NEMA 6P transducers, with the flow transmitter residing inside a IP67 / NEMA 6 suitcase. Combining its internal battery capacity with an additional external battery suitcase (IP67 / NEMA 6 protected), the F401 offers long term remote measurements of at least one week.
 
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 










 
 
 









 







 
 
 






FLUXUS F601
The Portable Multi-Functional Flowmeter
The FLUXUS F601 is the portable clamp-on flow meter of choice for servicing and maintenance activities, the control and auditing of measurement points not covered by permanent meters, or even the temporary replacement of permanently installed flow meters.
The FLUXUS F601 is measurement-ready in less than 5 minutes, including the measurement of the pipe wall thickness, the connection of the transducers to the transmitter, the setup of the flow meter and finally the mounting of the transducers.


 
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 










 
 
 









 







 
 
 






FLUXUS F501
Bi-Directional Flow Measurement 


The FLUXUS F501 is FLEXIM's solution for many flow metering applications found in the water and wastewater sector and adjacent industries.
The FLUXUS F501 offers a precise bi-directional flow measurement over a wide turndown ratio - not only at high, but especially at low flow velocities. Due to its matched and paired transducers, it also guarantees a superior zero stability.
As of its high repeatability, the FLUXUS F501 also offers the possibility for leak detection. Especially at night, when temperatures are more even and only low flow velocities are common in drinking water lines, leakages can clearly be identified and such reading transferred to a process control system.
 
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 










 
 
 









 







 
 
 






FLUXUS F704
The Flow Meter for permanent installation


With one or two flow channels and versatile electrical inputs and outputs, the FLUXUS F704 can be configured optimally for your application needs, measuring and serving up a variety of process parameters.
The FLUXUS F704 features a robust metal field housing. Its clamp-on flow transducers are simply mounted onto the pipe from the outside and are thus installed quickly, without any process interruption and without any production stoppage.
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 










 
 
 









 




Flumes
By far the most widely accepted flow measurement device is a flume. With over 40 years experience assisting customers with selecting the appropriate flume for their applications paired with Plasti-Fab, Inc.’s high quality corrosion resistant flumes, let C.C. Lynch & Associates, Inc. help you design your next flow measurement system.
 
Need a Flume for your project? Visit our Flumes page for more details and PDF downloads.
 
 
 









 
 
 









 
 
 


 


 

 






Scroll Up




















Refrigerated Autosampler - C.C. Lynch & Associates, Inc.






































































24-hour Phone: 800.333.2252 
  





Menu

















Refrigerated AutoSamplers
 
 
 














 
 
 




Isco 5800 Refrigerated Sampler
Advanced delivery system & Isco-tough
Isco’s 5800 Refrigerated Sampler set new standards for weather and corrosion resistance. Its rotationally-molded polyethylene construction, user-friendly controls, and workplace-savy features make it the first choice for stationary sampling in both municipal and industrial wastewater applications. Isco-tough and environmentally friendly too. 
 
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 














 
 
 




Isco 6712FR Refrigerated SamplerRefrigerated Automatic Sampler
The 6712FR is a sequential or composite refrigerated sampler designed for indoor or outdoor applications. Utilizing the most versatile sampler controller offered by Isco, the 6712 offers the most programming and equipment interfacing options out of all the Isco samplers including the use of the 700 series modules which offer a compact sampler/flow meter package.
 
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 














 
 
 




3700ZR Refrigerated Sampler for Hazardous LocationsRefrigerated Automatic Sampler
The new Isco 3700ZR is the only refrigerated sampler that is UL-approved for locations where atmospheres have been designated Class I, Division 1 (or comparable). The design is based on Isco’s field-proven 3700 controller and stainless steel clad refrigerator. Most programming and control features offered on standard Isco 3700 models are available on the 3700ZR, as are sample container configurations using 1 or 2 bottles (glass or plastic).
 
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 

 






Scroll Up




















Weirs Water Barriers - C.C. Lynch & Associates, Inc.




































































24-hour Phone: 800.333.2252 
  





Menu

















Weirs
 
 
 











Weirs Engineered for Maximum Corrosion Resistance. 




The Plasti-Fab composite FRP Weir Gates are ideal for controlling upstream channel depth and regulating discharge rates. These weirs are designed and engineered for maximum corrosion resistance in hostile environments. Plasti-Fab Weir Gates allow for consolidation of traditional Weir Plate and Slide Gate combinations at the basin entrance.




 
 
 














 
 
 




Weir Gate
FRP Control Gate
Weirs are used to control upstream water levels or regulating discharge rates. They can be customized to include a v-notch, level sensors and modulating electric operators, etc. At times there will be a level control sensor in the system which is directly connected – controlling a modulating electric operator to automatically pace the amount of flow discharged and/or maintain a constant upstream water depth.
Depending on the size of the weir opening and the heads involved, the downward opening weir gate can be constructed as a sandwich style penstock, a one-inch solid FRP gate, or as a Heavy Duty Titeseal gate. If possible, weir gates should be installed to operate with a seating head to obtain the best leakage performance. However, they can also be designed for unseating heads as well. 
Features:

Lightweight
Superior Corrosion Resistance
Simple to Install

 
Download PDFRequest Quote 
 
 
 


 

 






Scroll Up


















Clarity in Benefit Finance Structure | Lynch & Associates






































Establishing trust. Optimizing results.

About Us
Lynch & Associates is a well-established boutique financial services firm operating primarily in the bank-owned and corporate-owned life insurance arena.  Innovative, enterprising and proactive, Lynch & Associates is constantly repositioning to remain on the cutting edge of financial strategies and solution-oriented services. For more than two decades, we have been singularly focused on delivering optimal bank-owned and corporate-owned life insurance and investment solutions based on the principles of accuracy, transparency and value-added insight.   Building upon a foundation begun in 1958, Lynch & Associates imbues a culture of longevity. We build long-term, personal relationships with each client, providing guidance and analytics while demystifying regulatory requirements and tax law complexities. Our clients are confident putting their faith in us. Some of our clients have been with us for over twenty years, and half our clients have valued the relationship in excess of ten years. We design, service, and reposition client life insurance assets to weather all economic cycles, outlast successive management teams and the whims of industry fads. Since one does not know how the business environment will change, we apply the same principles and approach throughout the life cycle of the relationship. This long term continuity assures our clients they have made a sound decision by partnering with Lynch & Associates.
 
 
 
Guiding Principles
ACCURACY
Lynch & Associates is committed to providing accurate financial assessments, Insurance Portfolio Management services, consultation, and strategic alternatives to its customers.  When you trust Lynch & Associates to evaluate and optimize an existing insurance portfolio you are rewarded with a comprehensive assessment, explanation of the associated risks, identification of specific areas for potential improvement, and an executable optimization plan. Beyond that plan, we provide ongoing assessments to ensure that your portfolio continues to perform as forecast, delivering full potential from this important asset.
TRANSPARENCY
Lynch & Associates believes clients trust necessitates full transparency. That is why we freely disclose both our fees and the true cost of all transactions. We partner with the best insurance companies, investment managers, and counterparties without bias. This combination of honesty and independence enables us to align our interests with our clients, succeeding as they succeed.
INSIGHT
Our team at Lynch & Associates has extensive connections with senior resources in the financial, accounting, legal, regulatory, tax, insurance and capital markets sectors. These relationships are leveraged to monitor emerging trends and issues, stay abreast of changes and garner information. Additionally, these insights enable us to identify new product development opportunities and investment strategy potential, and tailor our strategies and solutions accordingly. Being part of the innovation and evolution of business-owned life insurance products is a critical component of the long term relationship Lynch & Associates offers its customers and the ability to achieve optimal results.
History
Lynch & Associates is independently owned and operates with a cohesive management team that has been together for over 20 years. Lynch currently manages 80,000 policies placed with over 35 insurance carriers.  These policies have $11.5bn of assets invested with over 30 asset managers and represent $45bn of insurance face amount.
During the 1980s, William J. (Bill) Lynch III, building on the foundation started by his father in 1958, began charting the course for an innovative venture – a business-owned life insurance consultation service that reduced product price, better explained client options and pried open the “black box” of the true cost of insurance.
Since then, Bill has followed his father’s advice, “tell a straight story”.  Lynch & Associates has grown into a market leader, representing and earning the trust of many of the world’s most respected corporations, some for over 20 years.
The Lynch & Associates business model is designed to align it with clients having team objectives and putting full force behind the guiding principles of accuracy, transparency and value-added insight. Since the beginning we have enhanced our reputation by assisting clients through extremely tumultuous financial times and modifying our systems and services to adapt and evolve to the ever-changing market.
Our Team
Lynch & Associates is a highly skilled group of life insurance professionals who average over 20 years in business-owned life insurance and executive benefits. They offer extensive experience and unique insight on the insurance carrier side of the business as well, enabling us to achieve the optimal price and terms for our clients while maximizing potential savings by drilling deep into product design, risk management, and investment strategy.
WILLIAM J. LYNCH Founder & CEOBill Lynch is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Lynch & Associates. He is primarily responsible for refining the strategic direction, identifying market opportunities, cultivating institutional relationships and leading the firm’s highly entrepreneurial management team.

After graduating from Boston College with a degree in finance, Bill began his career in estate planning at his father’s insurance agency. After working up to customizing insurance programs for business clients, Bill left his father’s firm in 1991 to open his own agency offering specialized business-owned life insurance (“BOLI”) products. Through a combination of his innovative institutional BOLI solutions and commitment to transparency and service, Lynch has served as a catalyst for the firm’s transformation into a dominant position in the BOLI market.

Bill has served on the board of TBG Financial, The Hemisphere Group, and Berklee College of Music. He is currently on Berklee’s President’s Advisory Council. Further, Bill is a founding member and former trustee of the Vineyard Golf Club and a founding member and team rider of the North American Speed Sailing Project.MICHAEL L. LONGINO PresidentMike Longino is the President of Lynch & Associates, directing the company’s client focused financial analysis, benefit plan design, asset-liability management and program implementation. He is also the primary executive contact with our clients, insurance companies, investment managers and marketing partners.




Mike has a degree in economics from the University of Connecticut and joined Lynch in 1991, bringing expertise in financial planning, insurance marketing and sales as well as the design of group universal life insurance for large corporate clients. His experience and style was a natural fit with Bill Lynch and his corporate vision. The two have built the firm into a major force in the corporate marketplace. Mike uses his sophisticated qualitative and quantitative skills to work with clients to optimize their complex issues, while connecting with team members from multiple disciplines within the client’s organization.Christopher C. Stulb Chris Stulb is the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer, handling all of the financial and operational responsibilities for Lynch & Associates, its broker dealer operations and compliance, as well as assisting in the financial aspects of transaction design for prospective clients.

 

Chris joined Lynch in 1997 and operates out of the firm’s Boston office. A native of Massachusetts, Chris attended the College of the Holy Cross receiving his degree in economics. He went to graduate school at Boston College earning his MBA in 1991. Chris started his career selling life insurance, and then moved into the financial sector, working for State Street Bank in mutual fund accounting. Immediately prior to joining Lynch & Associates, he was working for Merrill Lynch in real estate finance and operations.

 

Chris was on the board of Courageous Sailing Center for 23 years, and has held leadership and advisory roles in numerous other not for profit organizations.Michael J. Hartnett Mike Hartnett is the Executive Vice President of Lynch & Associates and responsible for product design and structuring, pricing and counterparty negotiations, investment and risk analytics, regulatory compliance activities, institutional client services, account management and business development.

Mike joined the firm in 2004 after seven years at Zurich Benefit Finance where he ultimately served as President and CEO. In this capacity he was responsible for all aspects of Zurich Financial Services Private Placement business owned life insurance program. Graduating from Bowdoin College in 1988 with a liberal arts degree, Mike joined Peat Marwick (KPMG) focusing on tax planning and analysis for public and private clients. He then worked for UNUM as a member of their Financial Management Program, Merrill Lynch as a Financial Consultant, and Chubb Life as a Senior Financial Analyst. Mike transitioned into the bank distribution of Chubb’s marketing organization where he became a Business Development Officer. He was then recruited in 1996 to be a founding member of a senior officer team that developed and implemented Zurich’s BOLI program.Richard J. Coakley Rick Coakley is Vice President, Operations & Financial Services, for Lynch & Associates, working in the firm’s Florida office and is responsible for project management, Insurance Portfolio Management related analysis, annual portfolio reviews, and the firm’s research and marketing activities. Rick also serves on the Supervisory Committee for floridacentral Credit Union reporting to the Board of Directors with internal audit oversight.



After earning his business administration degree from Post University with a focus on management and marketing, Rick joined Lynch & Associates in 1998. Rick spent three years at Pacific Life Insurance Company in Florida working in case design and subsequently as sales director prior to joining Lynch.Lori DeHart, CLU, ChFC Lori DeHart, Vice President, Program Services, is responsible for account management, designing and preparing client periodic reports and managing day-to-day client inquiries.

Lori studied accounting and business administration at Appalachian State University, and spent 12 years with Manulife Financial in Florida before joining Lynch in 1999. On any given day, Lori will work with our clients’ auditors, to get the information our clients need to prepare their accounting reports and regulatory filings, monitor investment performance and facilitate quarterly portfolio reviews and market outlook forecasts. She is responsible for quality control of Lynch’s data receipt, processing and distribution system as well as oversight of the client servicing team. Lori is a Chartered Life Underwriter and a Chartered Financial Consultant.John P. Filosi, Jr. John Filosi is an Investment Analytics/Client Service Associate at Lynch & Associates and operates out of the Boston office. John is responsible for fixed income investment performance monitoring, performance reporting and risk monitoring and reporting. His risk analytics work includes evaluating the impact of stress testing scenarios on fixed income portfolios and producing financial analysis for clients.

Additionally, John is responsible for periodic financial reporting of highly specialized insurance assets including, asset-liability management, performance mismatch, analysis of bank risk based capital implications of asset allocation, and monitoring and reporting of counterparty credit exposures. Before joining Lynch & Associates in January 2012, John earned a degree in Business Management from Bentley University and spent 13 years with State Street Corporation, where he was a Custodial Operations Manager with concentrations in Third Party Foreign Exchange and Derivative SWAP contracts.Karen Sommers Karen Sommers is a Client Services Associate and has worked for Lynch & Associates since 2008.

She supports the senior management in both the St. Petersburg and Boston offices in all aspects of client service activities. She has more than 25 years of administrative experience and has worked in sales, marketing and event planning.MICHAEL J. LYNCH Mike Lynch joined Lynch & Associates in January of 2014 as a Financial Analyst, and currently works in our St. Petersburg office.



Mike has a background in Customer Service, and studied Business Administration at Fordham University from 2007-2010. He provides support for the preparation, processing and distribution of institutional client reports, and is a member of our client service and marketing teams.Acksonephet Saysana Acksonephet ("Tuti") Saysana is an Administrative Assistant for Lynch & Associates and operates out of the St. Petersburg office. She provides comprehensive support to the management team in both the St. Petersburg and Boston offices.

Tuti’s responsibilities include office management, coordinate information technology troubleshooting, and client service support for insurance carrier interactions. Tuti has been in the administrative field since 2001 working in finance. Before joining Lynch & Associates in January 2012, Tuti served as an Administrative Assistant to the Executive Director of Economic Development Washington County, Wisconsin. Tuti studied accounting at the University of Wisconsin and ultimately received her Associates Degree, Administrative Professional, from Waukesha County Technical College in 1998.Amy Caplan Stern Amy Caplan Stern is Senior Vice President and the leader of Lynch & Associates utility practice. Based in Baltimore, Maryland, Amy is primarily responsible for client account management and communicating financial and investment analysis.

Amy joined Lynch & Associates in 2002 after working extensively with Lynch during a shared consultant relationship. She is a graduate of Johns Hopkins University, receiving both a bachelor’s degree in political economy and a graduate diploma from the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies in Bologna, Italy. She began her career as a utilities analyst at Legg Mason where she was recognized by The Wall Street Journal in 1993 as one of Wall Street's “Best Stock Pickers” and the Most Accurate Earnings Estimator.” Prior to joining Lynch & Associates, she worked for Clark Bardes. Stern received her CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst) designation in 1986.Allan T. McLean, CLU,CHFC Allan McLean is Senior Vice President and executive benefits expert for Lynch & Associates, specializing in supplemental retirement and disability plans for executives and group medical, dental, life and disability plans.

Allan began working with Bill’s father in 1967, and then rejoined the company in 1998 after 14 years with Alexander & Alexander Consulting and Aon Consulting. Holding a degree in economics from Boston College and a master’s degree in financial services from The American College, Allan is a Chartered Life Underwriter and a Chartered Financial Consultant. Allan is also an expert in estate planning and insurance advisory services for high net worth individuals as well as in financial restructuring to reduce the cost of corporate medical insurance, with more than 35 years of experience in the corporate insurance and benefit arenas. He is former Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Leonard Morse Hospital, and former Board Chairman of MetroWest Medical Center and MetroWest Health Inc. He is Chairman Emeritus of Berklee College of Music, a director of MetroWest Emergency Physicians Inc. and a trustee of Mary Ann Morse Health Care Corp. A former Marine Corps officer, Allan is also Executive Director of the Marion Bermuda Cruising Yacht Race.Robin F. Kippenberger Robin Kippenberger is a consultant with Lynch & Associates. His main focus is marketing to high net worth clients, senior executives and their advisors to provide innovative life insurance strategies for estate planning, business succession and employee benefit funding. Robin has developed a business network that includes executives at some of the top financial firms in the nation and the Florida banking community. Robin’s unique ability to establish client trust is the key factor to his success. Robin has introduced nationally recognized clients to Lynch that appreciate his and the Lynch approach to business.



Robin has a bachelor of science degree from Florida State University and joined Lynch in 1991. He has been active in the insurance industry since 1977.  Robin is an integral leader in local charities and networking groups.Paula Reeves Paula Reeves is a consultant with Lynch & Associates.  She works, in conjunction with Robin Kippenberger, with high net worth clients and their advisors to provide life insurance strategies for estate planning, business succession and individual needs.

Paula attended St. Petersburg College and joined Lynch & Associates in 1999. She has been active in the insurance industry since 1990.  Paula is active in local charities and networking groups.Tiffany Anning Tiffany Anning joined the Lynch & Associates team as Finance and Operations Specialist in April of 2016. Currently working out of the Boston location, she works closely with the CFO/CCO on all accounting, compliance and operational matters. Tiffany received her Bachelor’s degree from the University of Michigan and her Master’s degree in Public Administration from the University of Louisville. Prior to joining Lynch, she worked as an outreach specialist for numerous non-profit organizations.
Our Advisory Board
Brown, Roger H. 

Roger H. Brown assumed the presidency of Berklee College of Music in 2004. During his tenure, the college has created the world’s largest online music education system, opened a campus in Valencia, Spain, constructed a 16-story residence and recording facility, completed a successful merger with the Boston Conservatory, and expanded its global reach to attract students from 105 countries. Under his leadership, scholarship support has grown from $9 million to $44 million. He is a lifelong music enthusiast and a drummer by avocation. Brown is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Davidson College with a degree in physics, and a graduate of the Yale School of Management. Known as an entrepreneur and philanthropist, Brown cofounded Bright Horizons Family Solutions in 1986 with his wife, Linda Mason, and served as chief executive officer until January 2002. Prior to 1986, he was co-director of the Save the Children relief and development effort in Sudan, and he worked on the border of Thailand with Cambodian refugees for CARE and UNICEF, both with Mason. Brown and Mason coauthored the book Rice, Rivalry, and Politics, which examines the management of emergency relief efforts.

In addition, Brown served as a management consultant for Bain and Company, a global management-consulting firm. He also co-founded Horizons for Homeless Children, which serves the needs of homeless children throughout the Boston area. Brown is an active member of the Bright Horizons Family Solutions board of trustees and the Boston Public School Arts Advisory Board.Douglas, Robert 

Rob Douglas, son of Captain Robert S. Douglas, is CEO of Martha’s Vineyard-based The Black Dog Tavern Company, Inc., a privately held, multi-channeled clothing and restaurant brand. Rob graduated from Eckerd College with a B.A. in Political Science in 1995. Rob earned his multi-engine commercial pilot’s license in 1997 and was a Flight Engineer on DC-8's for Fine Airlines, a Miami-based international cargo company.

Rob enjoys surfing, fishing, and shooting sports. Currently the fastest sailor in American history, Rob has set two outright world speed sailing records, won two kitesurfing speed world championships and seven American speed sailing records.

Rob Douglas is undefeated in international kitesurfing speed competitions since 2011 and has won the Mondial du Vent speed event three years in a row, and the North American Speed Sailing Invitational five years in a row.Pedone, Richard C. 

Rick Pedone is a partner at the global law firm Nixon Peabody LLP and is a member of their Business and Finance Department. Rick represents strategic buyers of financially troubled businesses, purchasers of distressed debt, secured creditors and other parties in the financial restructuring and bankruptcy processes. He also provides corporate governance and liability avoidance advice to private equity firms, directors and officers.

Aside from having published work and periodic high-level speaking engagements, Rick has been selected by his peers for inclusion in The Best Lawyers in America© 2016 in the field of Bankruptcy and Creditor Debtor Rights/Insolvency and Reorganization Law.

Rick is a past president of the board of directors for Courageous Sailing Center in Charlestown, MA, a nonprofit that provides the children of Boston with the opportunity to sail on the ocean free of charge. He is also the president of the board of directors for the Lincoln Maritime Center in Hingham, MA. In addition to his involvement with these organizations, he is a member of the American Bankruptcy Institute, Boston Bar Association and he is a member in and Fellow of INSOL International.

Rick resides in Hingham, Massachusetts, with his wife, Cheryl, and two daughters. He can also often be found sailing along the coast of New England.Stanton, Daniel W. 

Dan was born in upstate New York and grew up in Buffalo. He graduated summa cum laude from Canisius College with an undergraduate degree in Finance. He then pursued his MBA from Columbia University Graduate School of Business, graduating in 1981. Dan started at Goldman Sachs & Co. immediately after Columbia. During his time there, Dan managed the firm’s global private wealth management business, started Global Securities Services (GSS) and served as Head of Equities Institutional Sales. Dan became a Partner at Goldman Sachs in 1994 and was an Advisory Director until the end of 2003.

Dan received an honorary doctorate from Canisius College and also served on the school’s Board of Trustees. For many years, he acted as Chair of the group that provided oversight for the school’s endowment. Dan also served on the Columbia Business School’s Board of Overseers, funded an Endowed Chair at the business school and delivered the commencement address to the graduating class several years ago. He has served, and continues to serve, on a number of other for-profit, non-profit, educational and government sector boards. Dan lives in Palm Beach, FL and in Martha’s Vineyard, MA. He and his wife, Mary have been married for 39 years and have three adult children and one grandson.Tracy, Bonnie 

In 2016 Bonnie retired as a Senior Vice President at Appleton Partners, Inc. She was responsible for their Fixed Income Strategy and was a Senior Portfolio Manager in the Investment Grade Taxable Bond area. In conjunction with the Fixed Income Investment Committee, Ms. Tracy was responsible for setting the overall interest rate strategy for Appleton's client portfolios, focusing on analysis of the yield curve in conjunction with Fed policy. Additionally she oversaw consultant relationships and client service. Before joining Appleton in 2000, Ms. Tracy was a Managing Director of the Global Treasury Division of BankBoston, managing the Bank's proprietary Fixed Income Portfolio and Balance Sheet Securitization teams. Additionally, her team oversaw large balance sheet transactions designed to offer tax and income benefits. Currently, Ms. Tracy is a member of the Appleton Partners Advisory Board.
Bonnie enjoys spending time on Nantucket and looks forward to spending time traveling in Europe. She loves fly fishing and sailing. She looks forward to working with children in some capacity in the future.
Testimonials
Corporate TestimonialThis Fortune 50 global firm's relationship with Lynch & Associates dates back to the late 1990’s. The firm first brought Lynch in to assume broker services for its existing corporate-owned life insurance (COLI) policies that had been purchased to support a deferred compensation plan. Although this initial engagement was one plan only, it was not long before the company turned to Lynch to consolidate its entire portfolio of COLI investments and deferred compensation plans. During a six month review, the Lynch team completed an evaluation of all the different COLIs, spelled out the terms and conditions that were in place, and identified ways to further optimize the programs.

The firm’s Director of Retirement Investments said, "Basically, we hired Lynch as a global COLI oversight adviser. They get a fee based on certain assets under management, and they need to achieve savings in the amount of the fee every year to be paid that fee, so our interests are aligned. Another thing they did was help us gain additional flexibility in one of our larger accounts to more effectively hedge our growing liabilities. They worked with MetLife for probably a year and a half to get this done. I had been trying to accomplish this for two or three years and was never successful. As a result, we got an additional $100 million in variable insurance capacity to hedge our growing mark-to-market equity and fixed income liabilities."

Lynch & Associates took over the company's tracking system and optimized it so the entire deferred compensation program can be viewed across multiple operating companies and tracked against the COLI program to assess the effectiveness of the hedging strategy.

"We're delighted with that. They saved us $1 million in hard costs by reducing expenditures. They restructured an existing set of policies and saved us $17 million present value dollars in premiums. They took all of our insurance policies, ran them in their system and found $7 million in death benefits that had not been obtained by our existing third party administrators. All of that was just in 2010."

The company official believes that Lynch differs from its competitors in the personal and customized service it offers.

"This is a small group that is highly specialized. I am able to put that team in front of our most senior executives to explain these programs, and they always acquit themselves well. We have the same team dealing with us now that we have had for almost 10 years. They absolutely understand what we want and are willing to customize the information in any way that we request. We have always been very well served by Lynch, and I am delighted with the relationship. Corporate-owned life insurance policies go on for decades, so this relationship will go on through the remainder of my career. But eventually, I am going to retire, and someone else is going to have to take this over. They are going to need Lynch."Utility TestimonialA large East Coast utility engaged Lynch and Associates for its executive compensation plan and was pleased with the work. So when the need arose to restructure a nuclear decommissioning trust, they approached Lynch to bid on the project. It involved a complicated move of the utility from one service agent to another as well as bringing the Trust from a general account program to a separate account program to give the utility more protection. It was a large trust, more than $100 million, with lots of moving parts.

Lynch won the business and immediately went to work sorting out all the component parts, which turned out to be a messy proposition. One of the first things discovered was that some previous insurance carriers handling the NDT accounts had not done their work properly, creating tax liability problems for the utility.

The utility's Treasurer noted how Lynch & Associates not only discovered the problem, but moved quickly to resolve it.

"We had to clean that up with the regulators. They discovered the problem, took the initiative to correct it and got us through it. Kudos to them. They handled things admirably. They stay on top of things."

In addition to this complication, many of the policies under the previous program were not operating at maximum efficiency and effectiveness, and Lynch worked diligently to close out these old policies and transfer cash to a new program for active employees, all the while ensuring that in moving from a general account to a separate account program for active employees, there was enough money left in the old program to protect the company's retirees.

"That is not our area of expertise. It is very technical, and that is why we are very dependent on Lynch & Associates. We are very satisfied with them because they have a lot of expertise. The firm provides tremendous customer service. They are always available when you need them and are very open to discussions. They are friendly, engaging people, and you like working with them."Top 10 U.S. Bank TestimonialThis relationship began after this client’s bank owned life insurance (BOLI) portfolio grew from $2 billion to $4 billion following a material merger. The company realized it was time to reassess the combined portfolio, evaluate its options and ultimately restructure to improve both the economics and risk profile.

According to the bank’s managing director, "We spoke to many consultants and carriers to understand what we needed to do and what type of resources were available. Our $4 billion portfolio involved 17 different carriers and a complexity of products with every bell and whistle you can imagine. If you look at all the different considerations – tax risk, credit risk, regulatory risk, reputation risk, economic and relationship issues – you have all these different dynamics and complexities that need to be managed on a parallel basis. Otherwise, you are not going to get the best result, and you can put yourself in a position to actually increasing your risk instead of mitigating it."

It was critical for the bank and its consultant service provider to be in sync in order to maximize the result.

"What we still ended up with is still 17 different carriers, but the composition and structure is more unique, with improved economics, a lower risk profile, and increased flexibility in the future to manage the investment allocations The objective was to save money, to mitigate credit risks, to not increase tax risks, to improve investment flexibility and to make sure we were compliant from a risk management point of view, which is dictated by banking regulations." 

The bank's major concern in restructuring “was not underestimating or having an accurate analysis of the benefits and the execution risk It was key to have a firm that we were comfortable with at all levels so we could execute the plan. We developed a great relationship with Lynch. Lynch is a breed apart from what is out there in the industry and really sets the standard for what banks and insurance companies need to do with respect to these insurance products."

The bank initially hired Lynch & Associates to re-evaluate and restructure its portfolio, a process that took about two years to complete. Subsequently, Lynch was retained to provide comprehensive administrative, investment analytics, risk management and regulatory compliance services for the entire $4 billion asset portfolio.

"The space that they're in, specific to the services they provide to us, is pretty unique and obscure, and because of that, it presents a significant number of challenges for both insurance carriers and banks to access.. A firm like Lynch & Associates effectively is a conduit that both carriers and banks need to access the bank-owned, corporate-owned life insurance market so we can obtain the best economic benefits and at the same time do it in a way that doesn't introduce risk associated with the accounting and tax aspects and is also regulatory compliant. They are not just brokers. They provide a very unique service to this market space. Their business model is based on that. They are not a commission-driven shop like many of the others in the marketplace are today. They provide real value added, and that is what truly differentiates them from their competition."
Services
Lynch & Associates provides a range of services to support banks and corporations in the ownership of life insurance assets.
Insurance Portfolio Management Insurance Portfolio Management (IPM) defines our approach to servicing our clients. IPM effectively manages and measures the risk, expense and performance of insurance assets to hedge benefit liabilities. The process generates opportunities to mitigate risk, maximize returns and quantitatively benchmark insurance assets.   IPM can include any of these services:

Restructure an existing BOLI portfolio to mitigate credit risk, improve returns or improve asset/liability match
Purchase of new BOLI to hedge an unfunded liability
 Service a BOLI portfolio to provide continuous monitoring, reporting and evolution to current market conditions

The process will:

Reduce the long term costs of benefit plans
Improve return on plan assets
Reduce financial statement risk
Minimize contractual surprises
Regulatory Compliance Regulatory compliance is woven into every aspect of Lynch & Associates' business.
Through its wholly owned broker dealer and insurance agency, the firm must comply with the requirements of the SEC, FINRA and state regulators. These regulators oversee the primary products that Lynch & Associates offers clients to fund and/or hedge their liabilities. With a wholly owned broker dealer, the team working with the clients is the same team assuring the products, business conduct and services are compliant. Areas of compliance for Lynch & Associates include CPA audited financial disclosure product due diligence, communication monitoring, data network security and business continuity planning. Through SSAE No. 16, an annual audit of internal reporting controls and data network integrity is conducted. This report not only provides a snapshot of the firm’s controls, it also provides a strategy for constantly improving reporting, internal audit procedures and risk management tools for clients.
This compliance regimen carries over to our work with clients to meet their needs to comply with their regulators and auditors. For banks, this means compliance with the regulations laid out for Pre and Post BOLI Purchases (i.e. Interagency Bulletin 2004-56), annual program reviews, and Basel III capital risk assessments. Board presentations and audits. For utilities, Lynch & Associates helps clients comply with their rate setting commissions. For all companies, this compliance applies to their internal and external auditors, their boards, risk management executives and ultimately, their public filings.
Lynch & Associates begins its involvement with a pre-purchase analysis (or post-purchase assessment of an existing client portfolio) including plan design, product and service providers, sizing, and risk management parameters. Each client receives an in-depth administration manual delineating the due diligence process, regulatory and corporate compliance, risk monitoring, and monthly reporting parameters. This document serves as the basic manual for the client’s compliance requirements and is supplemented with an in-depth annual review and update.

Please visit our News and Insights page for an in depth view of regulatory compliance.Corporate Governance Support Corporations have a myriad of organizational structures and unique regulatory obligations. These structures and obligations are constantly changing from internal and external mandates. Lynch works with a client to assure its life insurance assets conform to these structures and obligations and change with the times in the following ways:

 

Granular level detail and organization of legal and financial data
Support for all regulatory capital reporting
Board annual due diligence reports
Consultation on mergers and acquisitions
Accounting audit support

News & Insights
VIEW MORE >
Contact
BOSTON535 Boylston St. Suite T2Boston, MA 02116T 617.247.7000F 617.247.7275ST. PETERSBURGOne Progress Plaza Suite 2210St. Petersburg, FL 33701T 727.572.0000F 727.572.9840
 
If you have a question or would like to receive more information, please contact us at mlongino@wjlynch.com.






















 






Lynch Associates | Government Contractor







 








 






  






					Government Contracts				

					Federal Agencies				



				More 





 Search






							Government Contractors							×














 
















Menu


See All Government Contractors
OverviewContractsCategoriesProducts/ServicesPlace of PerformanceVendor Details 








					Lynch Associates				


OverviewContractsCategoriesProducts/ServicesMorePlace of PerformanceVendor Details 








Lynch Associates



Overview




Contracts




Categories




Products/Services




Place of Performance




Vendor Details




References










 See all Government Contractors				

 Research Guide				




Share
















Lynch Associates Government Contractor in Seattle, WA

 






dollars obligated (Latest year)$100,000 United States Dollarslatest fiscal year2015total dollars obligated (Since FY2007)$108,299 United States Dollarsnumber of contracts (Since FY2007)5 

 

See all Contracts for this Company See all Government Contractors 












Advertisement


ShareOverviewSummaryLynch Associates has worked on five contracts worth $108,299 USD in obligations from the federal government since FY2007. In its latest active fiscal year (2015), the organization received a total of $100,000 USD in obligations.The principal agencies it has contracted with are the Department of the Treasury and Department of the Interior.

Principal Agencies
Department of the TreasuryDepartment of the Interior


Principal Category (NAICS)
Marketing Consulting Services (541613)


Principal Product or Service (PSC)
Training/Curriculum Development (U008)


Designations
Small Business, For Profit Organization, and Sole Proprietorship


Organization Type
Sole Proprietorship


Website
ricklynchassociates.com 
Contact

Phone Number
(206) 547-1269
Location
How does Lynch Associates compare to other vendors?A comparison of the amount of contract awards obligated to Lynch Associates since FY2007 with other vendors in its location.Awarded 177% more than average compared to  66 vendors in Zip Code 98122, WA.Awarded 211% more than average compared to  13,313 vendors in Washington.Awarded 194% more than average compared to all  494,388 federal vendors.


Comparison

Vendor NameTotal Dollars Obligated (Since FY2007)ZipcodeIDIDColorLynch Associates$108,299 USDZip Code 98122, WAZip Code 98122, WA Federal Contractors$39,057 USDWashington Federal Contractors$34,802 USDAll Federal Contractors$36,884 USD




ZipStateMoreZip



See all vendors from Zip Code 98122, WA ›State



See all vendors from Washington ›
 





Advertisement


ShareContractsBy Year

The federal government obligated Lynch Associates a high of $100,000 USD in FY2015 and low of $700 USD in FY2008.* Dollars Obligated: The amount of money obligated towards a vendor by a federal agency or agencies to work on a contract.* Base and All Options (Ceiling): The maximum amount that can be awarded to a contract as mutually agreed upon by the vendor and agency.



Fiscal YearTotal Dollars ObligatedTotal Base & All Options (Ceiling)ID2015100,000100,00020097,5997,5992008700700201100

By Date Signed



Contract SearchContracts that Lynch Associates signed from FY2007 onwards.Most Recent

ContractContract DescriptionProduct or Service (PSC)Signed DateCompletion DateAgencyDollars ObligatedPercent ObligatedIDVendor NameINF15PX00861Type: Purchase Order (1 year)AMBASSADOR PROGRAM CUSTOMER SERVICE TRAININGTraining/Curriculum Development (U008)4/9/154/12/16Department of the Interior$100,000 USD100% obligatedINF11PX03891Type: Purchase Order (6 months)DEVELOP A 10YEAR POLICY FOR OUR VOLUNTEERSProgram Review/Development Services (R409)7/14/111/31/12Department of the Interior$0 USD0% obligated of $0INPP8074090138Type: Purchase Order (2 months)ASSESSMENT OF KLSE EMPLOYEES & VOLUNTEERS TO MEET NPS CENTENNIAL GOALS OF INCREASING VOLTEERS AND HOURS.Professional Services (R499)8/10/0910/31/09Department of the Interior$2,999 USD100% obligatedINF525109M016Type: Purchase Order (2 months)VOLUNTEER STRATEGIC PLANData Analyses (Other Than Scientific) (B506)7/20/099/30/09Department of the Interior$4,600 USD100% obligatedTIRMS08P00202Type: Purchase Order (2 months)OFF THE SHELF OUTSIDE SPEAKER.Administrative Support Services (R699)11/16/072/12/08Department of the Treasury$700 USD100% obligated

See all contracts for this vendor ›Related VendorsVendors with the same primary NAICS and PSC categorizations.

Title FieldTotal Dollars Obligated (Since FY2007)IDVendor NameLynch Associates in Seattle, WA Contracts$108,299 USDWest Glen Communications in New York, NY Contracts$40,280 USDFocus Consulting in Lancaster, WI Contracts$750 USDThe Wallinga Group Inc in Chicago, IL Contracts$1,940 USDDecision Leaders, L.L.C. in Washington, DC Contracts$14,083 USD

Help us Improve!




Submit






Submit

 





Advertisement


ShareCategories ProcuredWhen the Federal government intends to acquire goods or services, it identifies the NAICS code that describes the principal purpose of that procurement. NAICS is production oriented (not product oriented) and categorizes businesses with others that have similar methods of production.Since FY2007, Lynch Associates has been engaged in procurements with the following NAICS codes:





Category (NAICS)Total Dollars ObligatedIDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)100,000Administrative Management and General Management Consulting Services (541611)8,299

DestinationThe dollars obligated to Lynch Associates to fulfill procurements by NAICS category, along with the federal agencies that procured them. Hover over the visualization for more detail.





Category (NAICS)Total Dollars ObligatedIDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)100,000Administrative Management and General Management Consulting Services (541611)7,599Administrative Management and General Management Consulting Services (541611)700

Comparison



Vendor NameDollars Obligated (Latest Year)IDIDColorLynch Associatesrstysdqwefzaxreysbtawexwcsay$100,000 USDAll Marketing Consulting Services (541613) Vendors in Washington$10,000 USDAll Marketing Consulting Services (541613) Vendors$10,000 USD




Higher Than AverageThe principal NAICS category of Lynch Associates is Marketing Consulting Services (541613) as measured by the total amount obligated in contract awards to the vendor since FY2007.In its latest full year of contract work (FY2015), Lynch Associates was obligated a total of $100,000, an amount that was far higher than the average vendor from Washington specializing in Marketing Consulting Services and far higher than all vendors in the U.S. classified by this NAICS category.
Other Marketing Consulting Services Vendors in Washington

Vendor NameLocationDollars Obligated (Latest Year)Principal Category (NAICS)Principal Product or Service (PSC)Latest Fiscal YearIDStateLynch AssociatesSeattle, WA$100,000 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2015Danna L MoorePullman, WA$25,000 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Services - Management and Support (AD26)2009Hope Global Consulting, LlcSeattle, WA$25,000 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Market Research and Public Opinion Services (R422)20142020 Development Company, LlcWoodinville, WA$19,990 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Personal Services Contracts (R497)20153sharp LlcRedmond, WA$17,647 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Data Analyses (Other Than Scientific) (B506)2016August Hines, KoreenSeatac, WA$16,426 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Program Management/Support Services (R408)2007Western Washington UniversityBellingham, WA$11,784 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Mobilization/Preparedness Studies (B551)2016Ethereal Inc.Bainbridge Island, WA$10,113 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Education Services (U009)2013Ethereal Inc.Bainbridge Island, WA$10,000 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Professional Services (R499)2012Catalyst Marketing, Inc.Seattle, WA$9,675 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Miscellaneous Printed Matter (7690)2007Still, MelissaMedical Lake, WA$9,250 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Administrative Support Services (R699)2007Washington NamiSeattle, WA$7,500 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Professional Services (R499)2016Leonard Guss Assoc IncWoodinville, WA$6,450 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Books and Pamphlets (7610)2007Social Marketing Services IncMercer Island, WA$4,000 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Program Evaluation Services (R407)2008Brian Bennett (2464)Medical Lake, WA$2,454 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Administrative Support Services (R699)2008Boustead Event ServicesSeattle, WA-$554 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Professional Services (R499)2013PRR Inc.Seattle, WA-$12,398 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Market Research and Public Opinion Services (R422)2016Camber Collective LlcSeattle, WAMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Market Research and Public Opinion Services (R422)

See all Marketing Consulting Services (541613) Vendors in Washington › 

 


InsideGov is a government research site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from government data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareProducts/Services ProcuredProduct Service Codes (PSC) describe products, services, and research and development (R&D) purchased by the federal government. These codes indicate what was bought for each contract action reported in the Federal Procurement Data System (FPDS).Since FY2007, Lynch Associates has been engaged in procurements categorized by the following PSCs:





Product or ServiceTotal Dollars ObligatedIDTraining/Curriculum Development (U008)100,000Data Analyses (Other Than Scientific) (B506)4,600Professional Services (R499)2,999Administrative Support Services (R699)700Program Review/Development Services (R409)0

DestinationThe dollars obligated to Lynch Associates to fulfill procurements by PSC, along with the federal agencies that procured them. Hover over the visualization for more detail.





Product or ServiceTotal Dollars ObligatedIDTraining/Curriculum Development (U008)100,000Data Analyses (Other Than Scientific) (B506)4,600Professional Services (R499)2,999Administrative Support Services (R699)700Program Review/Development Services (R409)0

Comparison



Vendor NameDollars Obligated (Latest Year)IDIDColorLynch Associates$100,000 USDAll Training/Curriculum Development (U008) Vendors in Washington$5,874 USDAll Training/Curriculum Development (U008) Vendors$6,278.50 USD




Higher Than AverageThe principal Product or Service Code (PSC) of Lynch Associates is Training/Curriculum Development (U008) as measured by the total amount obligated in contract awards to the vendor since FY2007.In its latest full year of contract work (FY2015), Lynch Associates was obligated a total of $100,000, an amount that was far higher than the average vendor from Washington specializing in Training/Curriculum Development and far higher than all vendors in the U.S. classified by this PSC.
Other Training/Curriculum Development Vendors in Washington

Vendor NameLocationDollars Obligated (Latest Year)Principal Category (NAICS)Principal Product or Service (PSC)Latest Fiscal YearIDStateS.E.R.E. Solutions, Inc.Spokane, WA$8 million USDAll Other Miscellaneous Schools and Instruction (611699)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2015Npi, Inc.Edmonds, WA$2.66 million USDProfessional and Management Development Training (611430)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2016Strategic Learning Consultants, LlcPort Townsend, WA$375,403 USDColleges, Universities, and Professional Schools (611310)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2016Vital TalkSeattle, WA$207,904 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Schools and Instruction (611699)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2016T.S. Marshall & Associates, Inc.Seattle, WA$114,313 USDProfessional and Management Development Training (611430)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2016Lynch AssociatesSeattle, WA$100,000 USDMarketing Consulting Services (541613)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2015Shana Rae BrownSeattle, WA$47,500 USDIndependent Artists, Writers, and Performers (711510)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2016Lincoln Institute For Collaborative Planning and Cooperative ProblemTacoma, WA$44,640 USDEducational Support Services (611710)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2013Steven D SoltarBainbridge Island, WA$28,571 USDEducational Support Services (611710)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2013Mc Cormick Minds And MediSpokane, WA$26,748 USDProfessional and Management Development Training (611430)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2016GroupwyseBellevue, WA$26,436 USDAdministrative Management and General Management Consulting Services (541611)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2013Geochemistry Services LlcPort Townsend, WA$20,001 USDEngineering Services (541330)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2016Desautal Hege Communications & MarketingSpokane, WA$19,500 USDProfessional and Management Development Training (611430)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2012Evidence-Based Practice Institute, LlcSeattle, WA$19,400 USDProfessional and Management Development Training (611430)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2015Belinda D StewartLacey, WA$18,200 USDProfessional and Management Development Training (611430)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2016Northwest Energy Efficiency CouncilSeattle, WA$16,404 USDProfessional and Management Development Training (611430)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2016Marcelo NovaesSeattle, WA$16,000 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Schools and Instruction (611699)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2007Seismicready ConsultingLacey, WA$14,000 USDOther Scientific and Technical Consulting Services (541690)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2011The Corporation Of Gonzaga UniversitySpokane, WA$13,816 USDColleges, Universities, and Professional Schools (611310)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2012Gregory M WhiteShoreline, WA$13,700 USDAll Other Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services (541990)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2016Vorsite CorporationSeattle, WA$13,550 USDEducational Support Services (611710)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2007Mary C CatlinSeattle, WA$13,506 USDProfessional and Management Development Training (611430)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2010Luminous Works, LlcSeattle, WA$12,600 USDComputer Training (611420)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2015Health Care Conference Administrators, LlcBellevue, WA$12,450 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Schools and Instruction (611699)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2016Matthew L ThomasPort Townsend, WA$12,435 USDOther Scientific and Technical Consulting Services (541690)Training/Curriculum Development (U008)2016

See all Training/Curriculum Development (U008) Vendors in Washington › 





Advertisement


SharePlace of Performance
The locations of the principal plant or place of business where Lynch Associates in Seattle, WA has had their items produced, supplied from stock, or services performed since FY2007.


ZipCongressional DistrictStateMoreZip



Congressional District



State






ZipcodesZip Code 98122, WA, Zip Code 22041, VA, Zip Code 98104, WA, and Zip Code 53203, WICongressional Districts


									Congressional District 8, VA, Congressional District 2, NJ, Congressional District 4, WI, and
									…More

Congressional District 8, VA, Congressional District 2, NJ, Congressional District 4, WI, and Congressional District 7, WA
StatesNew Jersey, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin
 

 







ShareVendor DetailsVisit the full company profile of Lynch Associates.Lynch Associates 

sales volume (Estimated)$100,000 United States Dollarsyear founded1979total employees1employees at this location1


Overview Lynch Associates is a management consulting service in Seattle. This private company was founded in 1979.Revenue The organization generates $100,000 in estimated sales.Employees Lynch Associates employs one person.
 





Advertisement





×






References




Sources: USASpending.gov, D&B, Rob J Hyndman, and Localeze. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacyrstysdqwefzaxreysbtawexwcsay
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 



Lynch Associates                                                                                                         - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Legal Services



Real Estate Law



                            Lynch Associates
                                    



 





















L 


Lynch Associates                                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



205 LEXINGTON AVE FL 6 NEW YORK, NY 10016
Get Directions



(212) 683-4141
www.hmllaw.com                                                                                          





Business Info



 Founded 2002
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $351,961.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Real Estate Law
 Contacts Michael Lynch                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Lynch Associates                                                                                                         is located at 205 Lexington Ave Fl 6 in New York and has been in the business of Real Estate Law since 2002. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




























Lynch & Lynch Associates - Jeffersonville, IN, US 47130




































 




SALE
FREE SHIPPING EVENT


0Sign In 











PHOTOS 



KITCHEN & DINING 

Kitchen 

Dining Room 

Pantry 

Great Room 





Shop Kitchen & Dining 

Kitchen & Dining Furniture 

Bar Stools 

Tile 

Sinks & Faucets 

Appliances 

Tabletop 

Cabinets & Storage 

Knobs & Pulls 

Chandeliers 

Pendant Lights 

Cookware & Bakeware 

Tools & Gadgets 





BED & BATH 

Bathroom 

Powder Room 

Bedroom 

Baby & Kids 





Shop Bed & Bath 

Bathroom Vanities 

Bathroom Lighting 

Bathroom Sinks 

Faucets 

Tile 

Showers 

Bathtubs 

Bath Accessories 

Bedroom Decor 

Beds & Headboards 

Bedding 

Lamps 





LIVING 

Living Room 

Family Room 

Sunroom 

Home Theater 





Shop Living 

Home Decor 

Coffee & Accent Tables 

Rugs 

Sofas & Sectionals 

Armchairs & Accent Chairs 

Lamps 

Artwork 

Media Storage 

Bookcases 

Fireplaces & Accessories 

Decorative Accents 

Pillows & Throws 





OUTDOOR 

Landscape 

Patio 

Deck 

Pool 





Shop Outdoor 

Outdoor Furniture 

Outdoor Decor 

Outdoor Lighting 

Outdoor Lounge Sets 

Pool & Spa 

Lawn & Garden 

Pots & Planters 

Fire Pits & Accessories 

Outdoor Cooking 

Outdoor Structures 

Backyard Play 

Holiday Decor 





MORE ROOMS 

Exterior 

Entry 

Hall 

Home Office 

Staircase 

Basement 

Laundry 

Garage 

Shed 

Gym 

Home Bar 

Storage & Closet 

Kids' Room 

Nursery 

Playroom 

Wine Cellar 

Porch 

Balcony 







SHOP BY DEPARTMENT 




KITCHEN & DINING



Kitchen & Dining Furniture 

Sinks & Faucets 

Kitchen Appliances 

Tabletop 

Cabinets & Storage 

Knobs & Pulls 

Kitchen Lighting 

Tile 

Cookware & Bakeware 

Tools & Gadgets 

View All 




FURNITURE



Living Room 

Kitchen & Dining 

Home Office 

Outdoor 

Bedroom 

Storage 

Bathroom 

View All 






BATH



Bathroom Vanities 

Showers 

Bathtubs 

Bathroom Lighting 

Faucets 

Bathroom Sinks 

Tile 

Bath Accessories 

Bath Linens 

Medicine Cabinets 

View All 




DECOR



Rugs 

Mirrors 

Wall Decor 

Decorative Accents 

Artwork 

Pillows & Throws 

Window Treatments 

View All 






BEDROOM



Beds & Headboards 

Bedding 

Dressers 

Nightstands 

Benches 

Bedroom Decor 

Lamps 

Closet Storage 

Futons 

Chaises 

View All 




HOME IMPROVEMENT



Hardware 

Tile 

Bathroom Fixtures 

Kitchen Fixtures 

Heating & Cooling 

Building Materials 

Tools & Equipment 

View All 






LIVING



Coffee & Accent Tables 

Rugs 

Sofas & Sectionals 

Armchairs & Accent Chairs 

TV Stand & Media Storage 

Home Decor 

Lamps 

Artwork 

Bookcases 

Fireplaces & Accessories 

View All 




OUTDOOR



Outdoor Furniture 

Outdoor Decor 

Outdoor Lighting 

Pool & Spa 

Lawn & Garden 

Outdoor Structures 

Outdoor Cooking 

View All 






LIGHTING



Chandeliers 

Pendant Lights 

Flush-Mounts 

Bathroom & Vanity 

Wall Sconces 

Ceiling Fans 

Table Lamps 

Floor Lamps 

Kitchen & Cabinet 

Outdoor Lighting 

View All 




MORE



Storage & Organization 

Home Office Products 

Baby & Kids 

Home Bar 

Pet Supplies 

Cleaning & Laundry 

Holiday Decor 

View All 







FIND PROFESSIONALS 



DESIGN & REMODELING 

Architects & Building Designers 

Design-Build Firms 

General Contractors 

Home Builders 

Interior Designers 

Kitchen & Bath Designers 

Kitchen & Bath Remodelers 

Landscape Architects & Designers 

Landscape Contractors 

Swimming Pool Builders 





HOME IMPROVEMENT 

Building Supplies 

Cabinets & Cabinetry 

Carpet Dealers 

Deck & Patio Builders 

Door Dealers 

Fireplaces 

Garage Door Sales 

Handyman 

Hardwood Flooring Dealers 

Paint & Wall Coverings 

Siding & Exteriors 

Tile, Stone & Countertops 

Window Dealers 





HOME SERVICES 

Air Conditioning & Heating 

Electricians 

Furniture Repair & Upholstery 

Garage Door Repair 

Gardeners & Lawn Care 

Movers 

Painters 

Pest Control 

Plumbers 

Roofing & Gutters 

Spa & Pool Maintenance 

Tree Services 





CLEANING SERVICES 

Carpet & Upholstery Cleaners 

Chimney Cleaners 

Exterior Cleaners 

House Cleaners 

Stone Cleaners 

Window Cleaners 





View All Pros




STORIES & ADVICE 




STORIES FROM HOUZZ



Most Popular 

Houzz Tours 

Kitchen Guides 

Bathroom Guides 

Decorating Guides 

More Rooms 

Remodeling 

Architecture 

Landscape Design 

Garden Guides 

Fun Houzz 

Life 




HOUZZ TV








HOUZZ DISCUSSIONS



Design Dilemma 

Before & After 

Polls 

Pro-to-Pro 




GARDENWEB DISCUSSIONS



Garden Forums 

Home Forums 

Nature Forums 

Exchanges & Trading 







SALE 





ON SALE - UP TO 75% OFF


Bathroom Vanities


Chandeliers


Bar Stools


Pendant Lights


Rugs


Living Room Chairs


Dining Room Furniture


Wall Lighting


Coffee Tables


Side & End Tables


Home Office Furniture


Sofas


Bedroom Furniture


Lamps


Mirrors





 FREE SHIPPING EVENT







                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Chandeliers & Pendants 







                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Bestselling Vanities 









                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Outdoor Lounge Furniture 







                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Area Rugs 

























 






 

Lynch & Lynch Associates 

Review me 


 












 
Contact Me


    
Click to Call
  
Overview

  
Projects

  
Ideabooks

  
Reviews

  
Questions

  
Activity


 
 







Lynch & Lynch Associates











From















Message





I confirm this is a personal project inquiry and not a promotional message or solicitation.



Please check the checkbox to continue:





















1
					Follower					

0
					Following				

 
Follow
 





				Design and build products no one else will do. Generally 1 of a kind.			
Services Provided
Cabinets and accents
Areas Served
Jeffersonville, Clarksville and New Albany, Indiana 




 




Professionals




Home Automation & Home Media





Contact: Gene M Lynch



Location: Jeffersonville, IN 47130



Typical Job Costs: $100 - $10,000.

 


















 
Professional Categories in Jeffersonville



Jeffersonville Paint & Wall Coverings

 · Jeffersonville Siding & Exteriors

 · Jeffersonville Solar Energy Systems

 · Jeffersonville Staircases & Railings

 · Jeffersonville Stone, Pavers & Concrete

 · Jeffersonville Tile, Stone & Countertops

 · Jeffersonville Window Treatments

 · Jeffersonville Window Dealers

 · Jeffersonville Air Conditioning & Heating

 · Jeffersonville Electricians
 
Home Automation & Home Media near Jeffersonville



Buechel Home Automation & Home Media

 · Middletown Home Automation & Home Media

 · Sellersburg Home Automation & Home Media

 · Douglass Hills Home Automation & Home Media

 · Oak Park Home Automation & Home Media

 · Prospect Home Automation & Home Media

 · Crestwood Home Automation & Home Media

 · Hurstbourne Home Automation & Home Media

 · Graymoor-Devondale Home Automation & Home Media

 · Indian Hills Home Automation & Home Media
 



















United States United Kingdom Australia Deutschland France Россия 日本 Italia España Danmark Sverige Ireland Singapore New Zealand India 


COMPANY

About HouzzIn the NewsPress InfoCareersContact UsTerms & PrivacyCopyright & Trademark 


EXPLORE HOUZZ

Buttons & BadgesMobile AppsAdvertiseFor ProfessionalsSell on HouzzWrite a ReviewFAQs 


CONNECT WITH US

Houzz BlogTwitterFacebookGoogle+YouTubeRSS 



United Kingdom
Australia
Deutschland
France
Россия
日本
Italia
España
Danmark
Sverige
Ireland
Singapore
New Zealand
India


						© 2017 Houzz Inc. Houzz® The new way to design your home™
					




 


















































Best Home Improvement Professionals in Jeffersonville, IN | Houzz








































 




SALE
FREE SHIPPING EVENT


0Sign In 











PHOTOS 



KITCHEN & DINING 

Kitchen 

Dining Room 

Pantry 

Great Room 





Shop Kitchen & Dining 

Kitchen & Dining Furniture 

Bar Stools 

Tile 

Sinks & Faucets 

Appliances 

Tabletop 

Cabinets & Storage 

Knobs & Pulls 

Chandeliers 

Pendant Lights 

Cookware & Bakeware 

Tools & Gadgets 





BED & BATH 

Bathroom 

Powder Room 

Bedroom 

Baby & Kids 





Shop Bed & Bath 

Bathroom Vanities 

Bathroom Lighting 

Bathroom Sinks 

Faucets 

Tile 

Showers 

Bathtubs 

Bath Accessories 

Bedroom Decor 

Beds & Headboards 

Bedding 

Lamps 





LIVING 

Living Room 

Family Room 

Sunroom 

Home Theater 





Shop Living 

Home Decor 

Coffee & Accent Tables 

Rugs 

Sofas & Sectionals 

Armchairs & Accent Chairs 

Lamps 

Artwork 

Media Storage 

Bookcases 

Fireplaces & Accessories 

Decorative Accents 

Pillows & Throws 





OUTDOOR 

Landscape 

Patio 

Deck 

Pool 





Shop Outdoor 

Outdoor Furniture 

Outdoor Decor 

Outdoor Lighting 

Outdoor Lounge Sets 

Pool & Spa 

Lawn & Garden 

Pots & Planters 

Fire Pits & Accessories 

Outdoor Cooking 

Outdoor Structures 

Backyard Play 

Holiday Decor 





MORE ROOMS 

Exterior 

Entry 

Hall 

Home Office 

Staircase 

Basement 

Laundry 

Garage 

Shed 

Gym 

Home Bar 

Storage & Closet 

Kids' Room 

Nursery 

Playroom 

Wine Cellar 

Porch 

Balcony 







SHOP BY DEPARTMENT 




KITCHEN & DINING



Kitchen & Dining Furniture 

Sinks & Faucets 

Kitchen Appliances 

Tabletop 

Cabinets & Storage 

Knobs & Pulls 

Kitchen Lighting 

Tile 

Cookware & Bakeware 

Tools & Gadgets 

View All 




FURNITURE



Living Room 

Kitchen & Dining 

Home Office 

Outdoor 

Bedroom 

Storage 

Bathroom 

View All 






BATH



Bathroom Vanities 

Showers 

Bathtubs 

Bathroom Lighting 

Faucets 

Bathroom Sinks 

Tile 

Bath Accessories 

Bath Linens 

Medicine Cabinets 

View All 




DECOR



Rugs 

Mirrors 

Wall Decor 

Decorative Accents 

Artwork 

Pillows & Throws 

Window Treatments 

View All 






BEDROOM



Beds & Headboards 

Bedding 

Dressers 

Nightstands 

Benches 

Bedroom Decor 

Lamps 

Closet Storage 

Futons 

Chaises 

View All 




HOME IMPROVEMENT



Hardware 

Tile 

Bathroom Fixtures 

Kitchen Fixtures 

Heating & Cooling 

Building Materials 

Tools & Equipment 

View All 






LIVING



Coffee & Accent Tables 

Rugs 

Sofas & Sectionals 

Armchairs & Accent Chairs 

TV Stand & Media Storage 

Home Decor 

Lamps 

Artwork 

Bookcases 

Fireplaces & Accessories 

View All 




OUTDOOR



Outdoor Furniture 

Outdoor Decor 

Outdoor Lighting 

Pool & Spa 

Lawn & Garden 

Outdoor Structures 

Outdoor Cooking 

View All 






LIGHTING



Chandeliers 

Pendant Lights 

Flush-Mounts 

Bathroom & Vanity 

Wall Sconces 

Ceiling Fans 

Table Lamps 

Floor Lamps 

Kitchen & Cabinet 

Outdoor Lighting 

View All 




MORE



Storage & Organization 

Home Office Products 

Baby & Kids 

Home Bar 

Pet Supplies 

Cleaning & Laundry 

Holiday Decor 

View All 







FIND PROFESSIONALS 



DESIGN & REMODELING 

Architects & Building Designers 

Design-Build Firms 

General Contractors 

Home Builders 

Interior Designers 

Kitchen & Bath Designers 

Kitchen & Bath Remodelers 

Landscape Architects & Designers 

Landscape Contractors 

Swimming Pool Builders 





HOME IMPROVEMENT 

Building Supplies 

Cabinets & Cabinetry 

Carpet Dealers 

Deck & Patio Builders 

Door Dealers 

Fireplaces 

Garage Door Sales 

Handyman 

Hardwood Flooring Dealers 

Paint & Wall Coverings 

Siding & Exteriors 

Tile, Stone & Countertops 

Window Dealers 





HOME SERVICES 

Air Conditioning & Heating 

Electricians 

Furniture Repair & Upholstery 

Garage Door Repair 

Gardeners & Lawn Care 

Movers 

Painters 

Pest Control 

Plumbers 

Roofing & Gutters 

Spa & Pool Maintenance 

Tree Services 





CLEANING SERVICES 

Carpet & Upholstery Cleaners 

Chimney Cleaners 

Exterior Cleaners 

House Cleaners 

Stone Cleaners 

Window Cleaners 





View All Pros




STORIES & ADVICE 




STORIES FROM HOUZZ



Most Popular 

Houzz Tours 

Kitchen Guides 

Bathroom Guides 

Decorating Guides 

More Rooms 

Remodeling 

Architecture 

Landscape Design 

Garden Guides 

Fun Houzz 

Life 




HOUZZ TV








HOUZZ DISCUSSIONS



Design Dilemma 

Before & After 

Polls 

Pro-to-Pro 




GARDENWEB DISCUSSIONS



Garden Forums 

Home Forums 

Nature Forums 

Exchanges & Trading 







SALE 





ON SALE - UP TO 75% OFF


Bathroom Vanities


Chandeliers


Bar Stools


Pendant Lights


Rugs


Living Room Chairs


Dining Room Furniture


Wall Lighting


Coffee Tables


Side & End Tables


Home Office Furniture


Sofas


Bedroom Furniture


Lamps


Mirrors





 FREE SHIPPING EVENT







                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Chandeliers & Pendants 







                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Bestselling Vanities 









                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Outdoor Lounge Furniture 







                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Area Rugs 























Home Design & Remodeling
 
 
All Professionals

  
Architects & Building Designers

  
Design-Build Firms

  
General Contractors

  
Home Builders

  
Interior Designers & Decorators

  
Kitchen & Bath Designers

  
Kitchen & Bath Remodelers

  
Landscape Architects & Landscape Designers

  
Landscape Contractors

  
Swimming Pool Builders

 

Home Improvement
 
 
Appliances

  
Artists & Artisans

  
Backyard Courts

  
Bedding & Bath

  
Building Supplies

  
Cabinets & Cabinetry

  
Carpenters

  
Carpet Dealers

  
Closet Designers & Professional Organizers

  
Deck & Patio Builders

  
Door Dealers

  
Driveway Installation & Maintenance

  
Fence Contractors

  
Fireplaces

  
Furniture & Accessories

  
Garage Door Sales

  
Glass & Shower Door Dealers

  
Handyman

  
Hardwood Flooring Dealers

  
Home Automation & Home Media

  
Hot Tub & Spa Dealers

  
Ironwork

  
Kids & Nursery

  
Kitchen & Bath Fixtures

  
Lighting

  
Outdoor Lighting & Audio Visual Systems

  
Outdoor Play Systems

  
Paint & Wall Coverings

  
Siding & Exteriors

  
Solar Energy Systems

  
Specialty Contractors

  
Staircases & Railings

  
Stone, Pavers & Concrete

  
Tile, Stone & Countertops

  
Window Treatments

  
Window Dealers

  
Wine Cellars

 

Home Services
 
 
Air Conditioning & Heating

  
Electricians

  
Environmental Services & Restoration

  
Furniture Repair & Upholstery

  
Garage Door Repair

  
Garden & Landscape Supplies

  
Gardeners & Lawn Care

  
Movers

  
Painters

  
Pest Control

  
Plumbers

  
Roofing & Gutters

  
Septic Tank Systems

  
Spa & Pool Maintenance

  
Tree Services

 

Cleaning Services
 
 
Carpet & Upholstery Cleaners

  
Chimney Cleaners

  
Exterior Cleaners

  
House Cleaners

  
Junk Removal

  
Stone Cleaners

  
Window Cleaners

 

Other
 
 
Home Stagers

  
Media & Bloggers

  
Photographers

  
Real Estate Agents

  
Schools & Organizations

 

Professionals near Jeffersonville 
 
Louisville

  
New Albany

  
Jeffersontown

  
Valley Station

  
Clarksville

  
Newburg

  
Fern Creek

  
Saint Matthews

  
Okolona

  
Shively

  
Highview

  
Lyndon

  
Saint Dennis

  
Hillview

  
Fairdale

  
Charlestown

  
Buechel

  
Middletown

  
Sellersburg

  
Douglass Hills

  
Oak Park

  
Prospect

  
Crestwood

  
Hurstbourne

  
Graymoor-Devondale

  
Indian Hills

  
Brooks

  
Windy Hills

  
Anchorage

  
Galena

  
Hurstbourne Acres

 

 


Discover what your neighbors are doing in the City of Jeffersonville, IN
View City Page 




Get expert help with your home project











Get Started













							Home Design & Remodeling in Jeffersonville, IN 






Architects & Building Designers







Design-Build Firms







General Contractors







Home Builders







Interior Designers & Decorators







Kitchen & Bath Designers







Kitchen & Bath Remodelers







Landscape Architects & Designers







Landscape Contractors







Stone, Pavers & Concrete







Swimming Pool Builders







Tile, Stone & Countertops











							Home Improvement in Jeffersonville, IN 






Cabinets & Cabinetry







Carpet Dealers







Deck & Patio Builders







Door Dealers







Driveway Installation & Maintenance







Fence Contractors







Fireplaces







Furniture & Accessories







Garage Doors Sales







Glass & Shower Door Dealers







Handyman







Hardwood Flooring Dealers







Hot Tub & Spa Dealers







Lighting







Paint & Wallcoverings







Staircases & Railings







Stone, Pavers & Concrete







Tile, Stone & Countertops







Window Dealers







Window Treatments











							Home Services in Jeffersonville, IN 






Air Conditioning & Heating







Electricians







Environmental Services & Restoration







Furniture Repair







Garage Door Repair 







Gardeners







Home Media Design & Installation







Movers







Painters







Pest Control







Plumbers







Roofing & Gutters







Septic Tanks Systems







Siding & Exteriors 







Spa & Pool Maintenance







Tree Services











							Cleaning Services in Jeffersonville, IN 






Carpet Cleaners







Chimney Cleaners







Exterior Cleaners







House Cleaners







Junk Removal







Stone Cleaners







Window Cleaners










25,282 Jeffersonville, IN Home Improvement Pros 










Contact





Rock Paper Hammer
23 Reviews 


Full service architecture and construction company specializing in residential additions, renovations, and new...			Read More




Click to Call(502) 235-8086


3 miles from Jeffersonville, 2 projects in Jeffersonville














Contact





Weddington Custom Homes
8 Reviews



Building new home construction in Kentuckiana area since 2001. At Weddington Custom Homes, we build you what you...			Read More




Click to Call(502) 822-2183


1 project in Jeffersonville














Contact





Pro Painters Plus



Custom Painting and Remodeling			Read More




Click to Call(502) 533-2961


4 projects in Jeffersonville














Contact





The Lee W. Robinson Company
13 Reviews



Residential Design - Architectural Drafting - Renovation - Construction - Interior Design 

Personal By Design...			Read More




Click to Call(502) 890-9223


4 miles from Jeffersonville














Contact





Fackler Homes Inc.
19 Reviews



Residential General Contractor and Home Builder. 

Phil is experienced in luxury home build, complete home...			Read More




Click to Call(502) 912-9007


14 miles from Jeffersonville, 2 projects in Jeffersonville














Contact





Kristen Pawlak-Decorating Den Interiors/Kp Designs
22 Reviews



Full service interior design for residential and commercial. Design makeovers for every room in the home and some...			Read More




Click to Call(502) 245-0052


7 miles from Jeffersonville









List your business here for free - Learn More

But before you start sending out dozens of emails and making phone calls, sit down and think about your project. What's your budget? What is the scope of your project? Will you need more than one type of professional to complete your home improvement project? Can you afford to complete the full project now, or should you tackle it bit by bit?Once you've settled on your project’s priorities, budget and scope, it's time to start researching home design professionals. Don't sell yourself short and settle on the first professional you set your sights on. Make sure that you're working with someone local, who can get to the jobsite easily and efficiently. Look into the person’s reviews, ask to speak with former clients and to see previous jobs in person. Take a good look at their portfolio photos: How similar are these projects to your own? Be honest — that mansion might look beautiful, but it might not have a lot in common with your little bungalow.Reach out to multiple professionals — especially for larger projects — and don't settle for the first bid you hear. Comparing multiple Jeffersonville, IN professionals' bids and experiences can help you find the one that’s best for you. Ask a lot of questions now, so you won't have unexpected answers later.Find a home design professional on Houzz. Narrow down your search by type of professional and location. Browse Jeffersonville, IN portfolio photos, read client reviews and contact each Jeffersonville, IN professional for more information. Check out the information in the specialized professional sections too for tips on how to hire the right professional for your project.  Professional Categories in Jeffersonville

Jeffersonville Residential Contractors · Jeffersonville Architect & Contractors · Jeffersonville Interior Decorators · Jeffersonville Home Designers · Jeffersonville Kitchen Designers · Jeffersonville Kitchen & Bath Remodelers · Jeffersonville House Builders · Jeffersonville Landscapers · Jeffersonville Licensed Landscape Contractors · Jeffersonville Tile Studios · Jeffersonville Cabinets & Cabinetry · Jeffersonville Furniture Makers · Jeffersonville Carpet Installer · Jeffersonville Residential Paint And Wall Coverings · Jeffersonville Decks, Patios & Outdoor Enclosures · Jeffersonville Pool Suppliers · Jeffersonville Carpenters · Jeffersonville Doors · Jeffersonville Garage Doors · Jeffersonville Custom Closet Designers · more...

					 · Jeffersonville Lighting · Jeffersonville Window Treatments · Jeffersonville Windows · Jeffersonville Design Photographers · Jeffersonville Roofing & Gutters · Jeffersonville Siding & Exterior Contractors · Jeffersonville Muralist · Jeffersonville Appliance Distributors · Jeffersonville Bed Linens · Jeffersonville Hardware Supplies · Jeffersonville Carpenters · Jeffersonville Driveways & Paving · Jeffersonville Electrical Contractors · Jeffersonville Environmental Services & Restoration · Jeffersonville Fencing & Gates · Jeffersonville Custom Hearth · Jeffersonville Nursery · Jeffersonville HVAC Contractors · Jeffersonville Sound System Design & Installation · Jeffersonville Residential Stagers · Jeffersonville Ironwork · Jeffersonville Nursery Designers · Jeffersonville Cabinetry · Jeffersonville Lawn & Sprinklers · Jeffersonville Publishers · Jeffersonville Outdoor Audio/Visual · Jeffersonville Outdoor Play Systems · Jeffersonville Plumbing Contractors · Jeffersonville Rubbish Removal · Jeffersonville Septic Tanks and Systems · Jeffersonville Solar Energy Contractors · Jeffersonville Sport Courts · Jeffersonville Staircases · Jeffersonville Stone, Pavers & Concrete · Jeffersonville Tree Services · Jeffersonville Real Estate Agents · Jeffersonville Upholstery · Jeffersonville Wine Cellars Professional Metro Areas

Albuquerque · Atlanta · Austin · Baltimore · Birmingham · Boise · Boston · Bridgeport · Burlington · Cedar Rapids · Charleston · Charlotte · Chicago · Cincinnati · Cleveland · Columbus · Dallas · Dc Metro · Denver · Detroit · Grand Rapids · Hawaii · Houston · Huntington · Indianapolis · Jackson · Jacksonville · Kansas City · Las Vegas · Little Rock · Los Angeles · Louisville · Manchester · Miami · Milwaukee · Minneapolis · Nashville · New Orleans · New York · Newark · Oklahoma City · Omaha · Orange County · Orlando · Philadelphia · Phoenix · Portland · Portland Maine · Providence · Raleigh · Richmond · Sacramento · Salt Lake City · San Diego · San Francisco · San Luis Obispo · Santa Barbara · Seattle · St Louis · Tampa · Wichita · Wilmington · Calgary · Edmonton · Montreal · Ottawa · Toronto · Vancouver 
Find Professional Listings By Name

A · B · C · D · E · F · G · H · I · J · K · L · M · N · O · P · Q · R · S · T · U · V · W · X · Y · Z · Other · Pros By State 


























 








United States United Kingdom Australia Deutschland France Россия 日本 Italia España Danmark Sverige Ireland Singapore New Zealand India 


COMPANY

About HouzzIn the NewsPress InfoCareersContact UsTerms & PrivacyCopyright & Trademark 


EXPLORE HOUZZ

Buttons & BadgesMobile AppsAdvertiseFor ProfessionalsSell on HouzzWrite a ReviewFAQs 


CONNECT WITH US

Houzz BlogTwitterFacebookGoogle+YouTubeRSS 



United Kingdom
Australia
Deutschland
France
Россия
日本
Italia
España
Danmark
Sverige
Ireland
Singapore
New Zealand
India


						© 2017 Houzz Inc. Houzz® The new way to design your home™
					
























Best Home Theater and Home Automation Professionals in Jeffersonville, IN | Houzz

































 




SALE
FREE SHIPPING EVENT


0Sign In 











PHOTOS 



KITCHEN & DINING 

Kitchen 

Dining Room 

Pantry 

Great Room 





Shop Kitchen & Dining 

Kitchen & Dining Furniture 

Bar Stools 

Tile 

Sinks & Faucets 

Appliances 

Tabletop 

Cabinets & Storage 

Knobs & Pulls 

Chandeliers 

Pendant Lights 

Cookware & Bakeware 

Tools & Gadgets 





BED & BATH 

Bathroom 

Powder Room 

Bedroom 

Baby & Kids 





Shop Bed & Bath 

Bathroom Vanities 

Bathroom Lighting 

Bathroom Sinks 

Faucets 

Tile 

Showers 

Bathtubs 

Bath Accessories 

Bedroom Decor 

Beds & Headboards 

Bedding 

Lamps 





LIVING 

Living Room 

Family Room 

Sunroom 

Home Theater 





Shop Living 

Home Decor 

Coffee & Accent Tables 

Rugs 

Sofas & Sectionals 

Armchairs & Accent Chairs 

Lamps 

Artwork 

Media Storage 

Bookcases 

Fireplaces & Accessories 

Decorative Accents 

Pillows & Throws 





OUTDOOR 

Landscape 

Patio 

Deck 

Pool 





Shop Outdoor 

Outdoor Furniture 

Outdoor Decor 

Outdoor Lighting 

Outdoor Lounge Sets 

Pool & Spa 

Lawn & Garden 

Pots & Planters 

Fire Pits & Accessories 

Outdoor Cooking 

Outdoor Structures 

Backyard Play 

Holiday Decor 





MORE ROOMS 

Exterior 

Entry 

Hall 

Home Office 

Staircase 

Basement 

Laundry 

Garage 

Shed 

Gym 

Home Bar 

Storage & Closet 

Kids' Room 

Nursery 

Playroom 

Wine Cellar 

Porch 

Balcony 







SHOP BY DEPARTMENT 




KITCHEN & DINING



Kitchen & Dining Furniture 

Sinks & Faucets 

Kitchen Appliances 

Tabletop 

Cabinets & Storage 

Knobs & Pulls 

Kitchen Lighting 

Tile 

Cookware & Bakeware 

Tools & Gadgets 

View All 




FURNITURE



Living Room 

Kitchen & Dining 

Home Office 

Outdoor 

Bedroom 

Storage 

Bathroom 

View All 






BATH



Bathroom Vanities 

Showers 

Bathtubs 

Bathroom Lighting 

Faucets 

Bathroom Sinks 

Tile 

Bath Accessories 

Bath Linens 

Medicine Cabinets 

View All 




DECOR



Rugs 

Mirrors 

Wall Decor 

Decorative Accents 

Artwork 

Pillows & Throws 

Window Treatments 

View All 






BEDROOM



Beds & Headboards 

Bedding 

Dressers 

Nightstands 

Benches 

Bedroom Decor 

Lamps 

Closet Storage 

Futons 

Chaises 

View All 




HOME IMPROVEMENT



Hardware 

Tile 

Bathroom Fixtures 

Kitchen Fixtures 

Heating & Cooling 

Building Materials 

Tools & Equipment 

View All 






LIVING



Coffee & Accent Tables 

Rugs 

Sofas & Sectionals 

Armchairs & Accent Chairs 

TV Stand & Media Storage 

Home Decor 

Lamps 

Artwork 

Bookcases 

Fireplaces & Accessories 

View All 




OUTDOOR



Outdoor Furniture 

Outdoor Decor 

Outdoor Lighting 

Pool & Spa 

Lawn & Garden 

Outdoor Structures 

Outdoor Cooking 

View All 






LIGHTING



Chandeliers 

Pendant Lights 

Flush-Mounts 

Bathroom & Vanity 

Wall Sconces 

Ceiling Fans 

Table Lamps 

Floor Lamps 

Kitchen & Cabinet 

Outdoor Lighting 

View All 




MORE



Storage & Organization 

Home Office Products 

Baby & Kids 

Home Bar 

Pet Supplies 

Cleaning & Laundry 

Holiday Decor 

View All 







FIND PROFESSIONALS 



DESIGN & REMODELING 

Architects & Building Designers 

Design-Build Firms 

General Contractors 

Home Builders 

Interior Designers 

Kitchen & Bath Designers 

Kitchen & Bath Remodelers 

Landscape Architects & Designers 

Landscape Contractors 

Swimming Pool Builders 





HOME IMPROVEMENT 

Building Supplies 

Cabinets & Cabinetry 

Carpet Dealers 

Deck & Patio Builders 

Door Dealers 

Fireplaces 

Garage Door Sales 

Handyman 

Hardwood Flooring Dealers 

Paint & Wall Coverings 

Siding & Exteriors 

Tile, Stone & Countertops 

Window Dealers 





HOME SERVICES 

Air Conditioning & Heating 

Electricians 

Furniture Repair & Upholstery 

Garage Door Repair 

Gardeners & Lawn Care 

Movers 

Painters 

Pest Control 

Plumbers 

Roofing & Gutters 

Spa & Pool Maintenance 

Tree Services 





CLEANING SERVICES 

Carpet & Upholstery Cleaners 

Chimney Cleaners 

Exterior Cleaners 

House Cleaners 

Stone Cleaners 

Window Cleaners 





View All Pros




STORIES & ADVICE 




STORIES FROM HOUZZ



Most Popular 

Houzz Tours 

Kitchen Guides 

Bathroom Guides 

Decorating Guides 

More Rooms 

Remodeling 

Architecture 

Landscape Design 

Garden Guides 

Fun Houzz 

Life 




HOUZZ TV








HOUZZ DISCUSSIONS



Design Dilemma 

Before & After 

Polls 

Pro-to-Pro 




GARDENWEB DISCUSSIONS



Garden Forums 

Home Forums 

Nature Forums 

Exchanges & Trading 







SALE 





ON SALE - UP TO 75% OFF


Bathroom Vanities


Chandeliers


Bar Stools


Pendant Lights


Rugs


Living Room Chairs


Dining Room Furniture


Wall Lighting


Coffee Tables


Side & End Tables


Home Office Furniture


Sofas


Bedroom Furniture


Lamps


Mirrors





 FREE SHIPPING EVENT







                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Chandeliers & Pendants 







                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Bestselling Vanities 









                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Outdoor Lounge Furniture 







                                                        Free Shipping                                                    

                                                    Area Rugs 























Home Design & Remodeling
 
 
All Professionals

  
Architects & Building Designers

  
Design-Build Firms

  
General Contractors

  
Home Builders

  
Interior Designers & Decorators

  
Kitchen & Bath Designers

  
Kitchen & Bath Remodelers

  
Landscape Architects & Landscape Designers

  
Landscape Contractors

  
Swimming Pool Builders

 

Home Improvement
 
 
Appliances

  
Artists & Artisans

  
Backyard Courts

  
Bedding & Bath

  
Building Supplies

  
Cabinets & Cabinetry

  
Carpenters

  
Carpet Dealers

  
Closet Designers & Professional Organizers

  
Deck & Patio Builders

  
Door Dealers

  
Driveway Installation & Maintenance

  
Fence Contractors

  
Fireplaces

  
Furniture & Accessories

  
Garage Door Sales

  
Glass & Shower Door Dealers

  
Handyman

  
Hardwood Flooring Dealers

  
Home Automation & Home Media

  
Hot Tub & Spa Dealers

  
Ironwork

  
Kids & Nursery

  
Kitchen & Bath Fixtures

  
Lighting

  
Outdoor Lighting & Audio Visual Systems

  
Outdoor Play Systems

  
Paint & Wall Coverings

  
Siding & Exteriors

  
Solar Energy Systems

  
Specialty Contractors

  
Staircases & Railings

  
Stone, Pavers & Concrete

  
Tile, Stone & Countertops

  
Window Treatments

  
Window Dealers

  
Wine Cellars

 

Home Services
 
 
Air Conditioning & Heating

  
Electricians

  
Environmental Services & Restoration

  
Furniture Repair & Upholstery

  
Garage Door Repair

  
Garden & Landscape Supplies

  
Gardeners & Lawn Care

  
Movers

  
Painters

  
Pest Control

  
Plumbers

  
Roofing & Gutters

  
Septic Tank Systems

  
Spa & Pool Maintenance

  
Tree Services

 

Cleaning Services
 
 
Carpet & Upholstery Cleaners

  
Chimney Cleaners

  
Exterior Cleaners

  
House Cleaners

  
Junk Removal

  
Stone Cleaners

  
Window Cleaners

 

Other
 
 
Home Stagers

  
Media & Bloggers

  
Photographers

  
Real Estate Agents

  
Schools & Organizations

 

Home Media Design & Installation near Jeffersonville 
 
Louisville

  
New Albany

  
Jeffersontown

  
Valley Station

  
Clarksville

  
Newburg

  
Fern Creek

  
Saint Matthews

  
Okolona

  
Shively

  
Highview

  
Lyndon

  
Saint Dennis

  
Hillview

  
Fairdale

  
Charlestown

  
Buechel

  
Middletown

  
Sellersburg

  
Douglass Hills

  
Oak Park

  
Prospect

  
Crestwood

  
Hurstbourne

  
Graymoor-Devondale

  
Indian Hills

  
Brooks

  
Windy Hills

  
Anchorage

  
Galena

  
Hurstbourne Acres

 

 


Discover what your neighbors are doing in the City of Jeffersonville, IN
View City Page 




  
All Professionals

 
								/							

US
 
 


Indiana
 
 


Louisville Metro
 
 


Jeffersonville
 
 



Home Automation & Home Media
 
 

clear all




651 Jeffersonville, IN Home Theater and Home Automation ProfessionalsIf you're the kind of person who loves hosting parties where guests watch the Oscars, the Super Bowl, or the latest sitcom, putting the time and effort into creating a cozy media room or theater in your Jeffersonville, IN home could be a good investment. But unless you're a wiring and surround-sound guru, figuring out the technical issues can get a little messy. That's where a home media designer comes in. More 

Get Quotes on These Services





See All Services




Cable Installation


Home Automation


Home Security Companies & Installation


Home Security System Repair


Home Theater Design


Home Theater Installation


Outdoor Audio Installation


Outdoor Lighting Installation


Security Camera Installation


Surround Sound Installation


TV Installation


















Anywhere
Within 100 milesWithin 50 milesWithin 25 milesWithin 10 miles 


Search



View Mountain View, CA professionals 

Best Match
Most Reviewed
Recently Reviewed














Contact





Spectrum Sight & Sound, Inc.
1 Review 


Spectrum Sight & Sound is a custom integration firm specializing in audio and video distribution systems in both...			Read More




Click to Call(502) 749-4700


1 mile from Jeffersonville














Contact





All Pro Satellite & Security



All-Pro Satellite and Security is in the Satellite, Security, and Home Entertainment Business. We have been...			Read More




Click to Call(502) 267-4130


9 miles from Jeffersonville














Contact





RGB Home Theaters LLC
2 Reviews 


Welcome to RGB Home Theaters! Proudly servicing Louisville KY and the surrounding areas. For custom and...			Read More




Click to Call(502) 203-1105


3 miles from Jeffersonville














Contact





Hawkeye Security & Electronics
1 Review 


Hawkeye Security and Electronics serves the Louisville-Metro area for all of your electronics needs including...			Read More




Click to Call(812) 284-3200


Jeffersonville, IN, 47130














Contact





Automated Living LLC



Automated Living provides superior electronic, automation, and integration services for all of our customer’s...			Read More




Click to Call(502) 643-1194


3 miles from Jeffersonville














Contact





Avie Pros







Click to Call(502) 385-0600


48 miles from Jeffersonville














Contact





Hawkeye Security and Electronics, Inc.



Hawkeye Security and electronics specializes on design of custom home audio/video and protection systems. Our...			Read More




Click to Call(812) 284-3200


3 miles from Jeffersonville














Contact





Hawkeye Security and Electronics







Click to Call(812) 284-3200


Jeffersonville, 47130














Contact





Peacock Technologies



Embrace the future with the help of a highly qualified home system installer. Peacock Technologies offers a...			Read More




Click to Call(502) 835-2575


6 miles from Jeffersonville














Contact





Haas Design Company



Haas Design Company provides Audio & Video Systems, Lighting Control Systems, Motorized Shading Solutions,...			Read More




Click to Call(502) 718-1599


21 miles from Jeffersonville














Contact





Audio Video Innovation



System Designs that suit your lifestyle! Audio Video Innovation is a small business that specializes in...			Read More




Click to Call(888) 348-9276


10 miles from Jeffersonville














Contact





Timeless







Click to Call(502) 744-2735


3 miles from Jeffersonville














Contact





Vivid Sight & Sound



Consultation, Sales and installation of residential and commercial entertainment and security system's.			Read More




Click to Call(502) 271-2777


14 miles from Jeffersonville














Contact





Crawford Entertainment Systems Inc



Crawford Entertainment Systems			Read More




Click to Call(502) 297-0029


14 miles from Jeffersonville














Contact





Super Home Systems



We are The Builder's Choice for Over 20 Years!  Call us today and see how our one of a kind service can benefit...			Read More




Click to Call(502) 267-7045


14 miles from Jeffersonville






1234567891011Next Page 


List your business here for free - Learn More

What Is a home media designer?Home media specialists not only can design the seating and decor for your dream home theater, but most of them can help you find specific media control options, conceal your television and various accessories, set up optimal seating, choose and install ideal lighting, and help create the ultimate viewing environment. Some of these Indiana professionals work entirely on their own, while others work with subcontractors to get the job done. Here are some related professionals and vendors to complement the work of home automation & home media: General Contractors, Interior Designers & Decorators, Paint & Wall Covering Dealers, Furniture & Accessories, Specialty Contractors.Before you call a designer, envision how the room will be used. Is it going to be an all-television viewing center or a full home theater? Or do you want it to be more of a central gathering area, where guests can watch TV, play games or just hang out? Do you want it to be used frequently, or just for special occasions? Do you want to use an existing room or build an additional room?Questions to ask a home media designer: What is your involvement with electronics installation? How do you choose and purchase all the electronics needed? How will they be paid for? What kinds of sound systems do you install? What kinds of control systems do you recommend? What can you do to enhance the atmosphere of the room?Find a home media designer on Houzz. Narrow your search in the Professionals section of the website to Jeffersonville, IN home media designers. You can also look through Jeffersonville, IN photos by style to find a room you like, then contact the professional who designed it. You can find more home automation & home media in Louisville, New Albany, Jeffersontown, Valley Station and Clarksville. Professional Categories in Jeffersonville

Jeffersonville Residential Contractors · Jeffersonville Architect & Contractors · Jeffersonville Interior Decorators · Jeffersonville Home Designers · Jeffersonville Kitchen Designers · Jeffersonville Kitchen & Bath Remodelers · Jeffersonville House Builders · Jeffersonville Landscapers · Jeffersonville Licensed Landscape Contractors · Jeffersonville Tile Studios · Jeffersonville Cabinets & Cabinetry · Jeffersonville Furniture Makers · Jeffersonville Carpet Installer · Jeffersonville Residential Paint And Wall Coverings · Jeffersonville Decks, Patios & Outdoor Enclosures · Jeffersonville Pool Suppliers · Jeffersonville Carpenters · Jeffersonville Doors · Jeffersonville Garage Doors · Jeffersonville Custom Closet Designers · more...

					 · Jeffersonville Lighting · Jeffersonville Window Treatments · Jeffersonville Windows · Jeffersonville Design Photographers · Jeffersonville Roofing & Gutters · Jeffersonville Siding & Exterior Contractors · Jeffersonville Muralist · Jeffersonville Appliance Distributors · Jeffersonville Bed Linens · Jeffersonville Hardware Supplies · Jeffersonville Carpenters · Jeffersonville Driveways & Paving · Jeffersonville Electrical Contractors · Jeffersonville Environmental Services & Restoration · Jeffersonville Fencing & Gates · Jeffersonville Custom Hearth · Jeffersonville Nursery · Jeffersonville HVAC Contractors · Jeffersonville Sound System Design & Installation · Jeffersonville Residential Stagers · Jeffersonville Ironwork · Jeffersonville Nursery Designers · Jeffersonville Cabinetry · Jeffersonville Lawn & Sprinklers · Jeffersonville Publishers · Jeffersonville Outdoor Audio/Visual · Jeffersonville Outdoor Play Systems · Jeffersonville Plumbing Contractors · Jeffersonville Rubbish Removal · Jeffersonville Septic Tanks and Systems · Jeffersonville Solar Energy Contractors · Jeffersonville Sport Courts · Jeffersonville Staircases · Jeffersonville Stone, Pavers & Concrete · Jeffersonville Tree Services · Jeffersonville Real Estate Agents · Jeffersonville Upholstery · Jeffersonville Wine Cellars Professional Metro Areas

Albuquerque · Atlanta · Austin · Baltimore · Birmingham · Boise · Boston · Bridgeport · Burlington · Cedar Rapids · Charleston · Charlotte · Chicago · Cincinnati · Cleveland · Columbus · Dallas · Dc Metro · Denver · Detroit · Grand Rapids · Hawaii · Houston · Huntington · Indianapolis · Jackson · Jacksonville · Kansas City · Las Vegas · Little Rock · Los Angeles · Louisville · Manchester · Miami · Milwaukee · Minneapolis · Nashville · New Orleans · New York · Newark · Oklahoma City · Omaha · Orange County · Orlando · Philadelphia · Phoenix · Portland · Portland Maine · Providence · Raleigh · Richmond · Sacramento · Salt Lake City · San Diego · San Francisco · San Luis Obispo · Santa Barbara · Seattle · St Louis · Tampa · Wichita · Wilmington · Calgary · Edmonton · Montreal · Ottawa · Toronto · Vancouver 
Find Professional Listings By Name

A · B · C · D · E · F · G · H · I · J · K · L · M · N · O · P · Q · R · S · T · U · V · W · X · Y · Z · Other · Pros By State 



























 








United States United Kingdom Australia Deutschland France Россия 日本 Italia España Danmark Sverige Ireland Singapore New Zealand India 


COMPANY

About HouzzIn the NewsPress InfoCareersContact UsTerms & PrivacyCopyright & Trademark 


EXPLORE HOUZZ

Buttons & BadgesMobile AppsAdvertiseFor ProfessionalsSell on HouzzWrite a ReviewFAQs 


CONNECT WITH US

Houzz BlogTwitterFacebookGoogle+YouTubeRSS 



United Kingdom
Australia
Deutschland
France
Россия
日本
Italia
España
Danmark
Sverige
Ireland
Singapore
New Zealand
India


						© 2017 Houzz Inc. Houzz® The new way to design your home™
					














Lynch Associates Architects








































Menu






409 E Liberty St
Savannah, GA, 31401
912.349.5116




Your Custom Text Here




































































You must select a collection to display.



















About: C.C. Lynch & Associates, Inc. | The Water Monitoring People




































































24-hour Phone: 800.333.2252 
  





Menu

















C.C. LYNCH & ASSOCIATES, INC. Est. 1966
 
 
 














 
 
 







The Water Monitoring People
 
C.C. LYNCH & ASSOCIATES, INC. has been in continuous operation since 1966. Founded by Chuck Lynch and wife Barbara “Babs” Lynch the company has operated as a manufacturer’s sales rep firm specializing in water and wastewater monitoring instrumentation since the early 1970’s. Beginning in 1992 the company ownership was sold by Chuck and Babs Lynch to sons Malcolm and Kelly Lynch and friends Trey Campbell and Russell Park. Chuck Lynch continued with C.C. Lynch & Associates, Inc. as the CEO until he passed away in 1999. Babs Lynch continued working at C.C. Lynch until she passed away in 2009. In 2001, C.C. Lynch & Associates, Inc. acquired Environmental Monitoring & Sampling Instruments (EMSI) of Houston, Texas. Our central office is located in Pass Christian, Mississippi and we maintain regional offices in Lafayette, Louisiana, Mobile, Birmingham, Baton Rouge, Houston, Austin, and Dallas, Texas.
 
Our core competencies include water level, water flow, and water quality measurement instrumentation for applications found throughout the watershed. The unique approach of servicing the entire watershed has given us the expertise to offer unique, reliable solutions in most any water quality and water quantity measurement application.
 
For over 45 years we’ve provided assistance with design, product selection, installation, equipment start-up and training, repair, field service, and equipment rental. This full service approach helps our customers streamline the management of their projects. Our valued customers can be found in the stats of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and the Panhandle of Florida.
 
Contact Us for More Info >

 
 
 




 


 


 

 






Scroll Up














Lynch Associates, Inc.                                                                                                   - Boston                                            , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Boston



Public Relations Services



Lobbyist



                            Lynch Associates, Inc.
                                    



 





















L 


Lynch Associates, Inc.                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



12 POST OFFICE SQ FL 6 BOSTON, MA 02109
Get Directions



(617) 574-3399
www.lynchassociates.com                                                                                 





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $711,786.00
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Lobbyist
 Contacts Anne Lynch                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Lynch Associates, Inc.                                                                                                   is located at 12 Post Office Sq Fl 6 in Boston and has been in the business of Lobbyist since 2001. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Legal Disclaimer | Paul Lynch and Associates, Inc.

















Paul
Lynch &
Associates, Inc.
Commercial and
Marine Insurance

701 North Federal Highway #401
						Stuart, FL 34994
						772-232-9371
						Fax 772-232-9375
info@insuremarine.com










Home
Marine Related Businesses
						and Scopes of Coverage
Workers'
						Compensation
Commercial Vessels
						and P&I
Private and
						Unique Vessels
Errors & Omission
Specialty
						Contractors










Quick Links:


Legal Information


Contact Us


Applications & Forms


FAQ


Links


Site Map



			 

			


Insurance Products:


Marine Insurance


Workers' Compensation
						State Act, USL&H, Jones Act


P&I/Vessel Liability


Commercial Vessels


Marine/Diving Contractor


Marina and Boat Dealer


Six Pack / Tour Charter


Watercraft Rentals


Yachts and Private Pleasure Craft


Specialty Contractors


Errors and Omission



			 

			
Search our site:

  



Legal Disclaimer:
The product descriptions, examples and sample quotes presented at this site are intended for informational purposes only. They should be used as a quick reference guide concerning the nature and the types of products available through Paul Lynch and Associates, Inc.

			The product descriptions, examples and sample quotes are not intended to be complete descriptions of all terms, exclusions and conditions that apply to actual policies.

			If interested in specific wording or a particular policy, please request a copy by contacting us. Only the actual policy contains a complete and accurate description of the terms and conditions of particular coverages, as well as the applicable deductible.

			Actual policies may differ from state to state. And certain products may not be available in all states.   





Copyright © 2003, 2004 Paul Lynch & Associates, Inc. 
Last updated: September 16, 2013 









Plunkett And Lynch Associates












 About us | Contact us | 212-631-7526 




Home
About Us
Manufacturers
Contact Us
Driving Directions














SIMPLE Menu

 Navigation link 1
Navigation link 2
Navigation link 3
Navigation link 4
Navigation link 5



Styled Menu

Navigation Item Here
Navigation Item Here
Navigation Item Here
Navigation Item Here
Navigation Item Here



Optional Sidebar Info 
Any information can be placed in the sidebar to help your website visitors navigate your site.
To make a boxed heading like the one above, simply apply the H3 tag.
To make a box like this, assign the "sidebarlt" class.

        You can do anything with a sidebar box. Insert images, ads or other web content.

Here's a text link.
To make a box like this, assign the "sidebardk" class.

        You can do anything with a sidebar box. Insert images, ads or other web content.

Here's a text link.




Line Card


DMF Lighting- Extensive selection of recessed, track, and specialty lighting ideal for residential and commercial applications. The brand prides itself on providing value-driven, innovative lighting solutions - delivered on time, within budget. In addition to its standard product offering, DMF is proud to offer custom capabilities. 
http://dmflight.com ElectraLed Lighting - ElectraLED provides  the most economical expertly engineered and rigorously tested LED illumination  products with unparallel led service and product support to our customers  worldwide.
http://www.electraled.com

Energy Owl - Energy Owl  Enterprises is a unique energy company dedicated to bringing you innovative  energy efficient products to save your hard earned money along with the world's  resources for the future. 
http://energy-owl.com

Lumtech Lighting - Residential, Commercial, and Specification Grade Down lights. 
http://www.lum-tech.com 
Spectrum Lighting - Specification  grade down lighting, compact fluorescent, HID, Incandescent and LED lighting. For specification projects please contact International Lights at 212-414-2803.http://www.speclight.com 
SPJ Lighting - Landscape lighting, outdoor lighting, bollards, street lights, led tubes. 
http://www.spjlighting.com 
Stan Pro Emergency Lighting - Emergency lighting, exit signs and ac/dc central systems. 
http://www.stanprols.com 
Varolaux Fluorescent Lighting - Fluorescent specification grade lighting Fixtures.   
       
 



Privacy PolicyCopyright © 2009 Plunkett and Lynch Associates










Clarity in Benefit Finance Structure | Lynch & Associates






































Establishing trust. Optimizing results.

About Us
Lynch & Associates is a well-established boutique financial services firm operating primarily in the bank-owned and corporate-owned life insurance arena.  Innovative, enterprising and proactive, Lynch & Associates is constantly repositioning to remain on the cutting edge of financial strategies and solution-oriented services. For more than two decades, we have been singularly focused on delivering optimal bank-owned and corporate-owned life insurance and investment solutions based on the principles of accuracy, transparency and value-added insight.   Building upon a foundation begun in 1958, Lynch & Associates imbues a culture of longevity. We build long-term, personal relationships with each client, providing guidance and analytics while demystifying regulatory requirements and tax law complexities. Our clients are confident putting their faith in us. Some of our clients have been with us for over twenty years, and half our clients have valued the relationship in excess of ten years. We design, service, and reposition client life insurance assets to weather all economic cycles, outlast successive management teams and the whims of industry fads. Since one does not know how the business environment will change, we apply the same principles and approach throughout the life cycle of the relationship. This long term continuity assures our clients they have made a sound decision by partnering with Lynch & Associates.
 
 
 
Guiding Principles
ACCURACY
Lynch & Associates is committed to providing accurate financial assessments, Insurance Portfolio Management services, consultation, and strategic alternatives to its customers.  When you trust Lynch & Associates to evaluate and optimize an existing insurance portfolio you are rewarded with a comprehensive assessment, explanation of the associated risks, identification of specific areas for potential improvement, and an executable optimization plan. Beyond that plan, we provide ongoing assessments to ensure that your portfolio continues to perform as forecast, delivering full potential from this important asset.
TRANSPARENCY
Lynch & Associates believes clients trust necessitates full transparency. That is why we freely disclose both our fees and the true cost of all transactions. We partner with the best insurance companies, investment managers, and counterparties without bias. This combination of honesty and independence enables us to align our interests with our clients, succeeding as they succeed.
INSIGHT
Our team at Lynch & Associates has extensive connections with senior resources in the financial, accounting, legal, regulatory, tax, insurance and capital markets sectors. These relationships are leveraged to monitor emerging trends and issues, stay abreast of changes and garner information. Additionally, these insights enable us to identify new product development opportunities and investment strategy potential, and tailor our strategies and solutions accordingly. Being part of the innovation and evolution of business-owned life insurance products is a critical component of the long term relationship Lynch & Associates offers its customers and the ability to achieve optimal results.
History
Lynch & Associates is independently owned and operates with a cohesive management team that has been together for over 20 years. Lynch currently manages 80,000 policies placed with over 35 insurance carriers.  These policies have $11.5bn of assets invested with over 30 asset managers and represent $45bn of insurance face amount.
During the 1980s, William J. (Bill) Lynch III, building on the foundation started by his father in 1958, began charting the course for an innovative venture – a business-owned life insurance consultation service that reduced product price, better explained client options and pried open the “black box” of the true cost of insurance.
Since then, Bill has followed his father’s advice, “tell a straight story”.  Lynch & Associates has grown into a market leader, representing and earning the trust of many of the world’s most respected corporations, some for over 20 years.
The Lynch & Associates business model is designed to align it with clients having team objectives and putting full force behind the guiding principles of accuracy, transparency and value-added insight. Since the beginning we have enhanced our reputation by assisting clients through extremely tumultuous financial times and modifying our systems and services to adapt and evolve to the ever-changing market.
Our Team
Lynch & Associates is a highly skilled group of life insurance professionals who average over 20 years in business-owned life insurance and executive benefits. They offer extensive experience and unique insight on the insurance carrier side of the business as well, enabling us to achieve the optimal price and terms for our clients while maximizing potential savings by drilling deep into product design, risk management, and investment strategy.
WILLIAM J. LYNCH Founder & CEOBill Lynch is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Lynch & Associates. He is primarily responsible for refining the strategic direction, identifying market opportunities, cultivating institutional relationships and leading the firm’s highly entrepreneurial management team.

After graduating from Boston College with a degree in finance, Bill began his career in estate planning at his father’s insurance agency. After working up to customizing insurance programs for business clients, Bill left his father’s firm in 1991 to open his own agency offering specialized business-owned life insurance (“BOLI”) products. Through a combination of his innovative institutional BOLI solutions and commitment to transparency and service, Lynch has served as a catalyst for the firm’s transformation into a dominant position in the BOLI market.

Bill has served on the board of TBG Financial, The Hemisphere Group, and Berklee College of Music. He is currently on Berklee’s President’s Advisory Council. Further, Bill is a founding member and former trustee of the Vineyard Golf Club and a founding member and team rider of the North American Speed Sailing Project.MICHAEL L. LONGINO PresidentMike Longino is the President of Lynch & Associates, directing the company’s client focused financial analysis, benefit plan design, asset-liability management and program implementation. He is also the primary executive contact with our clients, insurance companies, investment managers and marketing partners.




Mike has a degree in economics from the University of Connecticut and joined Lynch in 1991, bringing expertise in financial planning, insurance marketing and sales as well as the design of group universal life insurance for large corporate clients. His experience and style was a natural fit with Bill Lynch and his corporate vision. The two have built the firm into a major force in the corporate marketplace. Mike uses his sophisticated qualitative and quantitative skills to work with clients to optimize their complex issues, while connecting with team members from multiple disciplines within the client’s organization.Christopher C. Stulb Chris Stulb is the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer, handling all of the financial and operational responsibilities for Lynch & Associates, its broker dealer operations and compliance, as well as assisting in the financial aspects of transaction design for prospective clients.

 

Chris joined Lynch in 1997 and operates out of the firm’s Boston office. A native of Massachusetts, Chris attended the College of the Holy Cross receiving his degree in economics. He went to graduate school at Boston College earning his MBA in 1991. Chris started his career selling life insurance, and then moved into the financial sector, working for State Street Bank in mutual fund accounting. Immediately prior to joining Lynch & Associates, he was working for Merrill Lynch in real estate finance and operations.

 

Chris was on the board of Courageous Sailing Center for 23 years, and has held leadership and advisory roles in numerous other not for profit organizations.Michael J. Hartnett Mike Hartnett is the Executive Vice President of Lynch & Associates and responsible for product design and structuring, pricing and counterparty negotiations, investment and risk analytics, regulatory compliance activities, institutional client services, account management and business development.

Mike joined the firm in 2004 after seven years at Zurich Benefit Finance where he ultimately served as President and CEO. In this capacity he was responsible for all aspects of Zurich Financial Services Private Placement business owned life insurance program. Graduating from Bowdoin College in 1988 with a liberal arts degree, Mike joined Peat Marwick (KPMG) focusing on tax planning and analysis for public and private clients. He then worked for UNUM as a member of their Financial Management Program, Merrill Lynch as a Financial Consultant, and Chubb Life as a Senior Financial Analyst. Mike transitioned into the bank distribution of Chubb’s marketing organization where he became a Business Development Officer. He was then recruited in 1996 to be a founding member of a senior officer team that developed and implemented Zurich’s BOLI program.Richard J. Coakley Rick Coakley is Vice President, Operations & Financial Services, for Lynch & Associates, working in the firm’s Florida office and is responsible for project management, Insurance Portfolio Management related analysis, annual portfolio reviews, and the firm’s research and marketing activities. Rick also serves on the Supervisory Committee for floridacentral Credit Union reporting to the Board of Directors with internal audit oversight.



After earning his business administration degree from Post University with a focus on management and marketing, Rick joined Lynch & Associates in 1998. Rick spent three years at Pacific Life Insurance Company in Florida working in case design and subsequently as sales director prior to joining Lynch.Lori DeHart, CLU, ChFC Lori DeHart, Vice President, Program Services, is responsible for account management, designing and preparing client periodic reports and managing day-to-day client inquiries.

Lori studied accounting and business administration at Appalachian State University, and spent 12 years with Manulife Financial in Florida before joining Lynch in 1999. On any given day, Lori will work with our clients’ auditors, to get the information our clients need to prepare their accounting reports and regulatory filings, monitor investment performance and facilitate quarterly portfolio reviews and market outlook forecasts. She is responsible for quality control of Lynch’s data receipt, processing and distribution system as well as oversight of the client servicing team. Lori is a Chartered Life Underwriter and a Chartered Financial Consultant.John P. Filosi, Jr. John Filosi is an Investment Analytics/Client Service Associate at Lynch & Associates and operates out of the Boston office. John is responsible for fixed income investment performance monitoring, performance reporting and risk monitoring and reporting. His risk analytics work includes evaluating the impact of stress testing scenarios on fixed income portfolios and producing financial analysis for clients.

Additionally, John is responsible for periodic financial reporting of highly specialized insurance assets including, asset-liability management, performance mismatch, analysis of bank risk based capital implications of asset allocation, and monitoring and reporting of counterparty credit exposures. Before joining Lynch & Associates in January 2012, John earned a degree in Business Management from Bentley University and spent 13 years with State Street Corporation, where he was a Custodial Operations Manager with concentrations in Third Party Foreign Exchange and Derivative SWAP contracts.Karen Sommers Karen Sommers is a Client Services Associate and has worked for Lynch & Associates since 2008.

She supports the senior management in both the St. Petersburg and Boston offices in all aspects of client service activities. She has more than 25 years of administrative experience and has worked in sales, marketing and event planning.MICHAEL J. LYNCH Mike Lynch joined Lynch & Associates in January of 2014 as a Financial Analyst, and currently works in our St. Petersburg office.



Mike has a background in Customer Service, and studied Business Administration at Fordham University from 2007-2010. He provides support for the preparation, processing and distribution of institutional client reports, and is a member of our client service and marketing teams.Acksonephet Saysana Acksonephet ("Tuti") Saysana is an Administrative Assistant for Lynch & Associates and operates out of the St. Petersburg office. She provides comprehensive support to the management team in both the St. Petersburg and Boston offices.

Tuti’s responsibilities include office management, coordinate information technology troubleshooting, and client service support for insurance carrier interactions. Tuti has been in the administrative field since 2001 working in finance. Before joining Lynch & Associates in January 2012, Tuti served as an Administrative Assistant to the Executive Director of Economic Development Washington County, Wisconsin. Tuti studied accounting at the University of Wisconsin and ultimately received her Associates Degree, Administrative Professional, from Waukesha County Technical College in 1998.Amy Caplan Stern Amy Caplan Stern is Senior Vice President and the leader of Lynch & Associates utility practice. Based in Baltimore, Maryland, Amy is primarily responsible for client account management and communicating financial and investment analysis.

Amy joined Lynch & Associates in 2002 after working extensively with Lynch during a shared consultant relationship. She is a graduate of Johns Hopkins University, receiving both a bachelor’s degree in political economy and a graduate diploma from the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies in Bologna, Italy. She began her career as a utilities analyst at Legg Mason where she was recognized by The Wall Street Journal in 1993 as one of Wall Street's “Best Stock Pickers” and the Most Accurate Earnings Estimator.” Prior to joining Lynch & Associates, she worked for Clark Bardes. Stern received her CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst) designation in 1986.Allan T. McLean, CLU,CHFC Allan McLean is Senior Vice President and executive benefits expert for Lynch & Associates, specializing in supplemental retirement and disability plans for executives and group medical, dental, life and disability plans.

Allan began working with Bill’s father in 1967, and then rejoined the company in 1998 after 14 years with Alexander & Alexander Consulting and Aon Consulting. Holding a degree in economics from Boston College and a master’s degree in financial services from The American College, Allan is a Chartered Life Underwriter and a Chartered Financial Consultant. Allan is also an expert in estate planning and insurance advisory services for high net worth individuals as well as in financial restructuring to reduce the cost of corporate medical insurance, with more than 35 years of experience in the corporate insurance and benefit arenas. He is former Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Leonard Morse Hospital, and former Board Chairman of MetroWest Medical Center and MetroWest Health Inc. He is Chairman Emeritus of Berklee College of Music, a director of MetroWest Emergency Physicians Inc. and a trustee of Mary Ann Morse Health Care Corp. A former Marine Corps officer, Allan is also Executive Director of the Marion Bermuda Cruising Yacht Race.Robin F. Kippenberger Robin Kippenberger is a consultant with Lynch & Associates. His main focus is marketing to high net worth clients, senior executives and their advisors to provide innovative life insurance strategies for estate planning, business succession and employee benefit funding. Robin has developed a business network that includes executives at some of the top financial firms in the nation and the Florida banking community. Robin’s unique ability to establish client trust is the key factor to his success. Robin has introduced nationally recognized clients to Lynch that appreciate his and the Lynch approach to business.



Robin has a bachelor of science degree from Florida State University and joined Lynch in 1991. He has been active in the insurance industry since 1977.  Robin is an integral leader in local charities and networking groups.Paula Reeves Paula Reeves is a consultant with Lynch & Associates.  She works, in conjunction with Robin Kippenberger, with high net worth clients and their advisors to provide life insurance strategies for estate planning, business succession and individual needs.

Paula attended St. Petersburg College and joined Lynch & Associates in 1999. She has been active in the insurance industry since 1990.  Paula is active in local charities and networking groups.Tiffany Anning Tiffany Anning joined the Lynch & Associates team as Finance and Operations Specialist in April of 2016. Currently working out of the Boston location, she works closely with the CFO/CCO on all accounting, compliance and operational matters. Tiffany received her Bachelor’s degree from the University of Michigan and her Master’s degree in Public Administration from the University of Louisville. Prior to joining Lynch, she worked as an outreach specialist for numerous non-profit organizations.
Our Advisory Board
Brown, Roger H. 

Roger H. Brown assumed the presidency of Berklee College of Music in 2004. During his tenure, the college has created the world’s largest online music education system, opened a campus in Valencia, Spain, constructed a 16-story residence and recording facility, completed a successful merger with the Boston Conservatory, and expanded its global reach to attract students from 105 countries. Under his leadership, scholarship support has grown from $9 million to $44 million. He is a lifelong music enthusiast and a drummer by avocation. Brown is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Davidson College with a degree in physics, and a graduate of the Yale School of Management. Known as an entrepreneur and philanthropist, Brown cofounded Bright Horizons Family Solutions in 1986 with his wife, Linda Mason, and served as chief executive officer until January 2002. Prior to 1986, he was co-director of the Save the Children relief and development effort in Sudan, and he worked on the border of Thailand with Cambodian refugees for CARE and UNICEF, both with Mason. Brown and Mason coauthored the book Rice, Rivalry, and Politics, which examines the management of emergency relief efforts.

In addition, Brown served as a management consultant for Bain and Company, a global management-consulting firm. He also co-founded Horizons for Homeless Children, which serves the needs of homeless children throughout the Boston area. Brown is an active member of the Bright Horizons Family Solutions board of trustees and the Boston Public School Arts Advisory Board.Douglas, Robert 

Rob Douglas, son of Captain Robert S. Douglas, is CEO of Martha’s Vineyard-based The Black Dog Tavern Company, Inc., a privately held, multi-channeled clothing and restaurant brand. Rob graduated from Eckerd College with a B.A. in Political Science in 1995. Rob earned his multi-engine commercial pilot’s license in 1997 and was a Flight Engineer on DC-8's for Fine Airlines, a Miami-based international cargo company.

Rob enjoys surfing, fishing, and shooting sports. Currently the fastest sailor in American history, Rob has set two outright world speed sailing records, won two kitesurfing speed world championships and seven American speed sailing records.

Rob Douglas is undefeated in international kitesurfing speed competitions since 2011 and has won the Mondial du Vent speed event three years in a row, and the North American Speed Sailing Invitational five years in a row.Pedone, Richard C. 

Rick Pedone is a partner at the global law firm Nixon Peabody LLP and is a member of their Business and Finance Department. Rick represents strategic buyers of financially troubled businesses, purchasers of distressed debt, secured creditors and other parties in the financial restructuring and bankruptcy processes. He also provides corporate governance and liability avoidance advice to private equity firms, directors and officers.

Aside from having published work and periodic high-level speaking engagements, Rick has been selected by his peers for inclusion in The Best Lawyers in America© 2016 in the field of Bankruptcy and Creditor Debtor Rights/Insolvency and Reorganization Law.

Rick is a past president of the board of directors for Courageous Sailing Center in Charlestown, MA, a nonprofit that provides the children of Boston with the opportunity to sail on the ocean free of charge. He is also the president of the board of directors for the Lincoln Maritime Center in Hingham, MA. In addition to his involvement with these organizations, he is a member of the American Bankruptcy Institute, Boston Bar Association and he is a member in and Fellow of INSOL International.

Rick resides in Hingham, Massachusetts, with his wife, Cheryl, and two daughters. He can also often be found sailing along the coast of New England.Stanton, Daniel W. 

Dan was born in upstate New York and grew up in Buffalo. He graduated summa cum laude from Canisius College with an undergraduate degree in Finance. He then pursued his MBA from Columbia University Graduate School of Business, graduating in 1981. Dan started at Goldman Sachs & Co. immediately after Columbia. During his time there, Dan managed the firm’s global private wealth management business, started Global Securities Services (GSS) and served as Head of Equities Institutional Sales. Dan became a Partner at Goldman Sachs in 1994 and was an Advisory Director until the end of 2003.

Dan received an honorary doctorate from Canisius College and also served on the school’s Board of Trustees. For many years, he acted as Chair of the group that provided oversight for the school’s endowment. Dan also served on the Columbia Business School’s Board of Overseers, funded an Endowed Chair at the business school and delivered the commencement address to the graduating class several years ago. He has served, and continues to serve, on a number of other for-profit, non-profit, educational and government sector boards. Dan lives in Palm Beach, FL and in Martha’s Vineyard, MA. He and his wife, Mary have been married for 39 years and have three adult children and one grandson.Tracy, Bonnie 

In 2016 Bonnie retired as a Senior Vice President at Appleton Partners, Inc. She was responsible for their Fixed Income Strategy and was a Senior Portfolio Manager in the Investment Grade Taxable Bond area. In conjunction with the Fixed Income Investment Committee, Ms. Tracy was responsible for setting the overall interest rate strategy for Appleton's client portfolios, focusing on analysis of the yield curve in conjunction with Fed policy. Additionally she oversaw consultant relationships and client service. Before joining Appleton in 2000, Ms. Tracy was a Managing Director of the Global Treasury Division of BankBoston, managing the Bank's proprietary Fixed Income Portfolio and Balance Sheet Securitization teams. Additionally, her team oversaw large balance sheet transactions designed to offer tax and income benefits. Currently, Ms. Tracy is a member of the Appleton Partners Advisory Board.
Bonnie enjoys spending time on Nantucket and looks forward to spending time traveling in Europe. She loves fly fishing and sailing. She looks forward to working with children in some capacity in the future.
Testimonials
Corporate TestimonialThis Fortune 50 global firm's relationship with Lynch & Associates dates back to the late 1990’s. The firm first brought Lynch in to assume broker services for its existing corporate-owned life insurance (COLI) policies that had been purchased to support a deferred compensation plan. Although this initial engagement was one plan only, it was not long before the company turned to Lynch to consolidate its entire portfolio of COLI investments and deferred compensation plans. During a six month review, the Lynch team completed an evaluation of all the different COLIs, spelled out the terms and conditions that were in place, and identified ways to further optimize the programs.

The firm’s Director of Retirement Investments said, "Basically, we hired Lynch as a global COLI oversight adviser. They get a fee based on certain assets under management, and they need to achieve savings in the amount of the fee every year to be paid that fee, so our interests are aligned. Another thing they did was help us gain additional flexibility in one of our larger accounts to more effectively hedge our growing liabilities. They worked with MetLife for probably a year and a half to get this done. I had been trying to accomplish this for two or three years and was never successful. As a result, we got an additional $100 million in variable insurance capacity to hedge our growing mark-to-market equity and fixed income liabilities."

Lynch & Associates took over the company's tracking system and optimized it so the entire deferred compensation program can be viewed across multiple operating companies and tracked against the COLI program to assess the effectiveness of the hedging strategy.

"We're delighted with that. They saved us $1 million in hard costs by reducing expenditures. They restructured an existing set of policies and saved us $17 million present value dollars in premiums. They took all of our insurance policies, ran them in their system and found $7 million in death benefits that had not been obtained by our existing third party administrators. All of that was just in 2010."

The company official believes that Lynch differs from its competitors in the personal and customized service it offers.

"This is a small group that is highly specialized. I am able to put that team in front of our most senior executives to explain these programs, and they always acquit themselves well. We have the same team dealing with us now that we have had for almost 10 years. They absolutely understand what we want and are willing to customize the information in any way that we request. We have always been very well served by Lynch, and I am delighted with the relationship. Corporate-owned life insurance policies go on for decades, so this relationship will go on through the remainder of my career. But eventually, I am going to retire, and someone else is going to have to take this over. They are going to need Lynch."Utility TestimonialA large East Coast utility engaged Lynch and Associates for its executive compensation plan and was pleased with the work. So when the need arose to restructure a nuclear decommissioning trust, they approached Lynch to bid on the project. It involved a complicated move of the utility from one service agent to another as well as bringing the Trust from a general account program to a separate account program to give the utility more protection. It was a large trust, more than $100 million, with lots of moving parts.

Lynch won the business and immediately went to work sorting out all the component parts, which turned out to be a messy proposition. One of the first things discovered was that some previous insurance carriers handling the NDT accounts had not done their work properly, creating tax liability problems for the utility.

The utility's Treasurer noted how Lynch & Associates not only discovered the problem, but moved quickly to resolve it.

"We had to clean that up with the regulators. They discovered the problem, took the initiative to correct it and got us through it. Kudos to them. They handled things admirably. They stay on top of things."

In addition to this complication, many of the policies under the previous program were not operating at maximum efficiency and effectiveness, and Lynch worked diligently to close out these old policies and transfer cash to a new program for active employees, all the while ensuring that in moving from a general account to a separate account program for active employees, there was enough money left in the old program to protect the company's retirees.

"That is not our area of expertise. It is very technical, and that is why we are very dependent on Lynch & Associates. We are very satisfied with them because they have a lot of expertise. The firm provides tremendous customer service. They are always available when you need them and are very open to discussions. They are friendly, engaging people, and you like working with them."Top 10 U.S. Bank TestimonialThis relationship began after this client’s bank owned life insurance (BOLI) portfolio grew from $2 billion to $4 billion following a material merger. The company realized it was time to reassess the combined portfolio, evaluate its options and ultimately restructure to improve both the economics and risk profile.

According to the bank’s managing director, "We spoke to many consultants and carriers to understand what we needed to do and what type of resources were available. Our $4 billion portfolio involved 17 different carriers and a complexity of products with every bell and whistle you can imagine. If you look at all the different considerations – tax risk, credit risk, regulatory risk, reputation risk, economic and relationship issues – you have all these different dynamics and complexities that need to be managed on a parallel basis. Otherwise, you are not going to get the best result, and you can put yourself in a position to actually increasing your risk instead of mitigating it."

It was critical for the bank and its consultant service provider to be in sync in order to maximize the result.

"What we still ended up with is still 17 different carriers, but the composition and structure is more unique, with improved economics, a lower risk profile, and increased flexibility in the future to manage the investment allocations The objective was to save money, to mitigate credit risks, to not increase tax risks, to improve investment flexibility and to make sure we were compliant from a risk management point of view, which is dictated by banking regulations." 

The bank's major concern in restructuring “was not underestimating or having an accurate analysis of the benefits and the execution risk It was key to have a firm that we were comfortable with at all levels so we could execute the plan. We developed a great relationship with Lynch. Lynch is a breed apart from what is out there in the industry and really sets the standard for what banks and insurance companies need to do with respect to these insurance products."

The bank initially hired Lynch & Associates to re-evaluate and restructure its portfolio, a process that took about two years to complete. Subsequently, Lynch was retained to provide comprehensive administrative, investment analytics, risk management and regulatory compliance services for the entire $4 billion asset portfolio.

"The space that they're in, specific to the services they provide to us, is pretty unique and obscure, and because of that, it presents a significant number of challenges for both insurance carriers and banks to access.. A firm like Lynch & Associates effectively is a conduit that both carriers and banks need to access the bank-owned, corporate-owned life insurance market so we can obtain the best economic benefits and at the same time do it in a way that doesn't introduce risk associated with the accounting and tax aspects and is also regulatory compliant. They are not just brokers. They provide a very unique service to this market space. Their business model is based on that. They are not a commission-driven shop like many of the others in the marketplace are today. They provide real value added, and that is what truly differentiates them from their competition."
Services
Lynch & Associates provides a range of services to support banks and corporations in the ownership of life insurance assets.
Insurance Portfolio Management Insurance Portfolio Management (IPM) defines our approach to servicing our clients. IPM effectively manages and measures the risk, expense and performance of insurance assets to hedge benefit liabilities. The process generates opportunities to mitigate risk, maximize returns and quantitatively benchmark insurance assets.   IPM can include any of these services:

Restructure an existing BOLI portfolio to mitigate credit risk, improve returns or improve asset/liability match
Purchase of new BOLI to hedge an unfunded liability
 Service a BOLI portfolio to provide continuous monitoring, reporting and evolution to current market conditions

The process will:

Reduce the long term costs of benefit plans
Improve return on plan assets
Reduce financial statement risk
Minimize contractual surprises
Regulatory Compliance Regulatory compliance is woven into every aspect of Lynch & Associates' business.
Through its wholly owned broker dealer and insurance agency, the firm must comply with the requirements of the SEC, FINRA and state regulators. These regulators oversee the primary products that Lynch & Associates offers clients to fund and/or hedge their liabilities. With a wholly owned broker dealer, the team working with the clients is the same team assuring the products, business conduct and services are compliant. Areas of compliance for Lynch & Associates include CPA audited financial disclosure product due diligence, communication monitoring, data network security and business continuity planning. Through SSAE No. 16, an annual audit of internal reporting controls and data network integrity is conducted. This report not only provides a snapshot of the firm’s controls, it also provides a strategy for constantly improving reporting, internal audit procedures and risk management tools for clients.
This compliance regimen carries over to our work with clients to meet their needs to comply with their regulators and auditors. For banks, this means compliance with the regulations laid out for Pre and Post BOLI Purchases (i.e. Interagency Bulletin 2004-56), annual program reviews, and Basel III capital risk assessments. Board presentations and audits. For utilities, Lynch & Associates helps clients comply with their rate setting commissions. For all companies, this compliance applies to their internal and external auditors, their boards, risk management executives and ultimately, their public filings.
Lynch & Associates begins its involvement with a pre-purchase analysis (or post-purchase assessment of an existing client portfolio) including plan design, product and service providers, sizing, and risk management parameters. Each client receives an in-depth administration manual delineating the due diligence process, regulatory and corporate compliance, risk monitoring, and monthly reporting parameters. This document serves as the basic manual for the client’s compliance requirements and is supplemented with an in-depth annual review and update.

Please visit our News and Insights page for an in depth view of regulatory compliance.Corporate Governance Support Corporations have a myriad of organizational structures and unique regulatory obligations. These structures and obligations are constantly changing from internal and external mandates. Lynch works with a client to assure its life insurance assets conform to these structures and obligations and change with the times in the following ways:

 

Granular level detail and organization of legal and financial data
Support for all regulatory capital reporting
Board annual due diligence reports
Consultation on mergers and acquisitions
Accounting audit support

News & Insights
VIEW MORE >
Contact
BOSTON535 Boylston St. Suite T2Boston, MA 02116T 617.247.7000F 617.247.7275ST. PETERSBURGOne Progress Plaza Suite 2210St. Petersburg, FL 33701T 727.572.0000F 727.572.9840
 
If you have a question or would like to receive more information, please contact us at mlongino@wjlynch.com.















 























































William J Lynch & Associates - 200 Central Ave, Downtown St. Petersburg, Saint Petersburg, FL - Phone Number - Yelp

  





















                        Skip to Search Form
                    drdfarewxtywyyxtdcsq



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

        








            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        











 











200 Central AveSaint Petersburg, FL 33701


        (727) 898-4875
    






            William J Lynch & Associates
        






Unclaimed
        


This business has not yet been claimed by the owner or a representative.
Claim this business to view business statistics, receive messages from prospective customers, and respond to reviews.









        Add
        , Opens a popup

Add categories













Write a Review
    







            Add Photo
    






Share
, Opens a popup







Bookmark
, Opens a popup





















Get directions













































Swap start/end points
Start from












Start from
Swap start/end points











William J Lynch & Associates


        200 Central Ave, Saint Petersburg, FL 33701
    




Get directions


























Edit




        200 Central AveSaint Petersburg, FL 33701
    


            Downtown St. Petersburg        









Get Directions








Phone number

        (727) 898-4875
    








Send to your Phone











Is this your business?
Respond to reviews and customer messages.Claiming is free, and only takes a minute.
Claim This Business

























Ask the Community


                Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about William J Lynch & Associates.
            
Ask a Question













Rating



1 (Eek! Methinks not.)



2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)



3 (A-OK.)



4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)



5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)






                    Hey there trendsetter! You could be the first review for William J Lynch & Associates.
                





Is this your business?






Once you’ve claimed, you can:

Immediately update business information
Respond to reviews and customer messages
See the customer leads your business page generates
Monitor how many people view your business page

Claim This Business









Business info summary











Edit business info








            Hours
        





Add business hours
    


Browse nearby








Restaurants









Nightlife









Shopping









Show all











Rating Details





                    5 stars
                





0






                    4 stars
                





0






                    3 stars
                





0






                    2 stars
                





0






                    1 star
                





0





We calculate the overall star rating using only reviews that our automated software currently recommends. Learn more.




Text to Phone












                    Oops, looks like something’s wrong. Try again!
                


×














                    Are you a human? Please complete the bot challenge below.
                


×














Sent! Check your phone to view the link now!
                


×


















William J Lynch & Associates



Saint Petersburg, FL




Text a link to your phone so you can quickly get directions, see photos, and read reviews on the go!





+1






















Text Link


                            Your carrier’s rates may apply
                        

















About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    


















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


