










 











Thomas J. Lynch - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman at TE Connectivity Ltd.


View Full Profile
Are you Thomas J. Lynch? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Thomas J. Lynch's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Thomas J. Lynch's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Thomas J. Lynch's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Thomas J. Lynch through your network of contacts.
												








Thomas J. Lynch's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Chairman, 
TE Connectivity Ltd.


Past
To view Thomas J. Lynch's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Rider University


Age
62

 
 


Thomas J. Lynch's Biography



Mr. Lynch, age 62, has been a director of the Company since May 2009. In March 2017, he was appointed Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of TE Connectivity Ltd. (formerly Tyco Electronics Ltd.), a global provider of engineered electronic components, network solutions, undersea telecommunication systems and specialty products. He previously was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of TE Connectivity Ltd. He joined Tyco International in 2004 as President of Tyco Engineered Products and Services and was appointed Chief Executive Officer in January 2006, when Tyco Electronics was formed and later became an independent, separately traded ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Lynch, age 62, has been a director of the Company since May 2009. In March 2017, he was appointed Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of TE Connectivity Ltd. (formerly Tyco Electronics Ltd.), a global provider of engineered electronic components, network solutions, undersea telecommunication systems and specialty products. He previously was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of TE Connectivity Ltd. He joined Tyco International in 2004 as President of Tyco Engineered Products and Services and was appointed Chief Executive Officer in January 2006, when Tyco Electronics was formed and later became an independent, separately traded entity and was appointed Chairman in January 2013. Mr. Lynch is also a director of Cummins Inc. We believe that Mr. Lynch is well suited to serve on our Board due to his experience as Chief Executive Officer of a comparably-sized global company.
		
Source: Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. on 01/18/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Thomas J. Lynch's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Thomas J. Lynch. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Thomas J. Lynch's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Thomas J. Lynch's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Thomas J. Lynch through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Thomas J. Lynch


















Thomas J. Lynch's Connections (228)





Sign up now to view Thomas J. Lynch's 228 connections »









Mike S. Zafirovski
Board Member, The Boeing Company









Georgia R. Nelson
Board Member, Cummins Inc.









Stephen P. Kaufman
Former Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer, Arrow Electronics, Inc.









Jim P. Manzi
Board Member, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.









Marijn E. Dekkers
Board Member, General Electric Company









Nelson J. Chai
Former Chief Financial Officer, Merrill Lynch









Juergen W. Gromer
Former Board Member, TE Connectivity Ltd.









Sandra S. Wijnberg
Former Board Member, Johnson Controls International plc









Steven M. Chapman
Group Vice President, Cummins Inc.









George R. Oliver
Dir., President and Chief Operating Officer, Johnson Controls International plc








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Robert D. Perlmutter
Senior EVP and COO, The Macerich Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 


Thomas J. Lynch | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Thomas J. LynchLocationRichmond, Virginia AreaIndustryInformation Technology and ServicesPreviousCWPS, Inc., SAIC, Job SearchRecommendations1 person has recommended Thomas J.500+ connectionsView Thomas J.’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Thomas J.’s Full ProfileExperienceInfromation Secuirty Professional (SME)CWPS, Inc.March 2013  –  July 2014 (1 year 5 months)Information Security Professional - Subject Matter Expertise (SME) provided across PBGC, Office Chief Information Officer supporting:- Task II (October 2013 - Present) Enterprise Information Security Office (EISO) functional areas supporting the implementation of the Cyber Security Security Assessment and Management (CSAM) tool including establishment of an agency-based Common Security Controls program including the conversion the Common Control Matrix (an Excel-base artifact describing the operational and implementation language of NIST SP 800-53 Rev 3 security controls) into CSAM; developing Verification and Validation (V&V) management, operational, and technical testing activities to ensure data integrity of assessed common controls, General Support Systems (GSSs) and business area Information Systems (ISs); identifying gaps in PBGC's library of IS policies, standards, processes and procedures and a plan to correct based on security control baseline defined in NIST SP 800-53 Rev 4; perform security control testing an other V&V functions to independently assess the effectiveness of implemented security controls including planned remediation activities identified in existing Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms) and POA&M process including closures; quality and completeness of IS Assessment & Authorization (A&A) packages; and a core controls defined in the Information Security Continuous Monitoring Program including a subset of CCs. - Task I (April - September 2013): ITIOD Operations Security functional areas supporting the ITIOD Operations Security Team maintain, design and recommend ITIL process improvements to the Patch Management, Security Event identification and Incident Escalation Reporting, Common Control Implementation, POA&M / Audit finding artifact generation and Risk Management processes to enhance the implementation of IT Security Controls based on OMB, FISMA and FIPS regulatory and NIST SP 800 series guidance.IA Subject Matter Expert (SME)SAICOctober 2013  –  June 2014 (9 months)Task 2 - Supporting Office Chief Information Officer (OICO), Enterprise Information Security Office (EISO) functional areas implementing Cyber Security Assessment and Management (CSAM), a centrally managed service-oriented computer web application used to report PBGC Information Security program management goals and automates Office Chief Information Officer (OICO)  information system Assessment and Authorization (A&A) processes including establishing an agency-wide Common Security Controls program and converting PBGC’s Common Control Matrix (an Excel-base artifact describing the operational and implementation language for security controls based on NIST SP 800-53 Rev 3) guidance into CSAM; developing Verification and Validation (V&V) management, operational, and technical testing activities to ensure data integrity of assessed common controls, General Support Systems (GSSs) and business area Information Systems (ISs); identifying gaps in PBGC's security policy framework of IS policies, standards, processes and procedures and developing a plan to update the based on security control baselines defined in NIST SP 800-53 Rev 3; performing security control testing based on NIST SP 800 53A guidance and other Verification and Validation (V&V) practices to independently assess the effectiveness of implemented security controls including planned remediation activities identified in existing Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms) and the EISO managed POA&M process and closure procedures; quality and completeness of PBGC's IS Assessment & Authorization (A&A) packages; and recommending core security controls, including a subset of CCs, defined in the Information Security Continuous Monitoring Program supporting the implementation of NIST’s Risk Management Framework (RMF) guidance.SR Information Security Specialist/SAICApril 2013  –  September 2013 (6 months)Task 1:Supporting  ITIOD Operations Security functional areas specifically the ITIOD Operations Security Team maintain, design and recommend ITILv3 process improvements to the Patch Management, Security Event identification and Incident Escalation Reporting including Government Forum of Incident Response and Security Teams (GFIRST) / US-CERT portal reporting, ITOD's identified security Common Controls Implementation, POA&M / Audit finding artifact generation and Risk Management processes to enhance the implementation of IT Security Controls based on OMB, FISMA and FIPS regulatory requirements, and NIST SP 800 series guidance.Information Security Professional - Subject Matter Expertise (SME)Job SearchJuly 2012  –  March 2013 (9 months)Washington D.C. Metro AreaInformation Security Professional - Subject Matter Expertise (SME) across functional areas implementing IT Security Controls based on OMB, FISMA and FIPS regulatory and NIST SP 800 series guidance.Technical Consultant - SR Certification & Authorization (C&A)TechnicianApex Systems, IncMay 2012  –  June 2012 (2 months)SR C&A Analyst/Engineer supporting the ITSS ISSM for: preparing C&A documentation, examining system/network configurations, boundaries, connectivity, and C&A effort; providing program management, control and and reporting functions to manage and direct accomplishment of efforts required for C&A activities,document inventory and external reporting; and recommending new/enhancements to existing processes, procedures, and tools that can be implemented to enhance the compliance with independent review objectives established for the ITSS system of systems.IT System Specialist / Information Security Professional and IA SMEJob searchMarch 2012  –  June 2012 (4 months)Senior Information Assurance (IA) and Iformation Security Specilaist Subject Matter Expert (SME) commencing job search after C5i deliverable made under BPA  task order with Securities and Exchange Commission.  Currently enrolled in CISSP and Security + directed study programs in prepartion for next available CISSP exam.Project ManagerC5i Federal, Inc.September 2011  –  March 2012 (7 months)Information Security Specialist supporting C5i conduct a review for the Office of Inspector General (OIG) of the US Securities and Exchange (SEC) Commission’s Certification and Accreditation (C&A) processes. An IT Security Subject Matter Expert (SME) serving as the project manager, managing a team of 3 Information Assurance analysts and a Technical Editor, responsible daily operations for conducting the review of three security objectives to determine if the:  SEC has appropriately certified and accredited all its information systems in accordance with industry best practices and guidelines; SEC’s current process for evaluating internal controls and gathering support to provide assurance has been done in accordance with governing federal guidance; and SEC internal controls have been designed to achieve results and safeguard the integrity of the SEC’s programs, activities, and information.  Also served as the IT Security SME advisor to the OIG Point of Contact and to the Contacting Officer’sr Technical Representative (COTR) for the C&A review project deliverables.SrSecurity Operations ManagerElectronic Consulting Services (ECS) Inc.September 2010  –  April 2011 (8 months)ECS served as the Independent Security Controls Assessor of Ginnie Mae Service Contractors, for their information systems and applications processing Ginne Mae data.  As the ECS Senior Security Operations Manager, serves as a IA SeniorAdvisor and supervises a five member staff providing Information System security support services implementing Ginnie Mae Service Contractor assessment, authorization and Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M) processes using the NIST SP 800-37, Rev 1, Risk Management Framework and NIST SP 800-53, Rev 3, Recommended Security Controls for Fedeal Information Systems and Organizations guidance to address regulatory, FISMA, OMB, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), Government Accountability Office (GAO), FISCAM and A123 Financial Audit requirements and remediation activities, Statement on Auditing Standards No. 70 (SAS 70) Service Provider audit requirements and standards from the International Organization for Standardization (IOS) and International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC), ISO/IEC 27001, Information technology – Security techniques – Information security management system - Requirements.IT Security SpecialistMyselfMay 2010  –  September 2010 (5 months)In Job Search Mode and enrolled in CISSP and Security + directed study programs.Senior IA AnalystMissing Link SecuritySeptember 2009  –  July 2010 (11 months)Supporting the C&A Facilities Services Team, served as an IT Security subject matter expert by collaborating with the Facilitation Services Team members and USPTO clients: preparing and delivering FY10 C&A Assessment Security Authorization Served as USPTO liaison between the Center for Internet Security, the Facilitation Services technical team and the OCIO Systems and Network staffs to update/tailor the Center for Internet Security Benchmarks; drafting new USPTO server OS, network devices, and database technical control baselines; and initiating discussions on standardizing the scanning processes using Nessus Vulnerability Scanner Security Management Suite software to perform both  vulnerability and compliance scans using these tailored benchmark baselines.Sr IA AnalystSRA InternationalSeptember 2008  –  September 2009 (1 year 1 month)Information Assurance analysis consultation services supporting:Development and delivery of a Summary report for the HUD of FY03 and FY04 POA&Ms.Performed C&A activities based on NIST SP 800 series guidance and internal Architect of the Capital Agency Administrative Orders. Developed and deliveried Preliminary Risk-based Assessment plan for the AOC to identify IT security vulnerability areas to AOC IG and business units. Evaluated threats, risks and potential security control impacts, co-authored and delivered assement report. Developed mitigation strategies to correct identified weaknesses.FY04 C&A Task Lead and Task Order Manager for USPTO Systems Engineering Technical Assistance (SETA) III contract dentifing security controls weaknesses based on federal regulatory and DoC security policies and directives.Administered the $800K+ budget and managed a team of five security engineers performing security control assessments and recommending corrective actions.Facilitated the development of ST&E plans and reports and proactive POA&Ms to correct security control weaknesses.Prepared remediation plans for FY03 and FY04 common findings and assisted the ITSPO implementing their execution to comply with DoC's IG requirements. Reviewed, analyzed, and updated USPTO’s IT security control Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) based on evolving NIST SP 800 series guidance changes FISMA. Performed security control gap analysis, developed security control processes, and prepared draft TSGs for Testing, Configuration Management, Operational Support, AIS Security Controls, Risk Assessment, System Security Plans, Contingency Plans, and C&A. Drafted remediation processes and practices for Auditing, Contingency Planning, Configuration Management, Patch Management, and Interconnection Security Agreements.SR IT Information Assurance AnalystGovernmentNetworkSolutions, Inc.2007  –  2009 (2 years)Team Lead of four IA Analysts supporting USPTO Agency Information Secuirty Officer and the OCIO IT Security Management Group C&A and CM project managers and their staffs develop and implement a: Defense in Depth secuirty architecture based on evolving FIPS defined security control requirements and NIST SP 800 series guidance supporting a FISMA compliant Authorization process including development of an security control assessment boundary defitions for 31 Master Systems of business essential information systems and general support systems comprised of 99 business appilcation systems; independent contractor supported assessment authorization package IV&V process. Served as the IT Secuirty SME facilitator supporting a  team of Business Area System Owners, OCIO IT Security Management Group, Infrastructure and Engineering and Operations, Network Technologies Division, Network Oprations and Database Support Group staffs and their support contractors develop and  implement NIST Security Content Automation Protocol for FDCC standards, CIS benchmarks, vendor secure baseline and DISA STIGS;  identifying Common and Inherited Controls; enterprise and intranet firewall configuration baselines; standardized server OS (Windows 2000 series, HP UX , AIX and Red Hat Enterprise Linux) and database (Oracle) baseline configurations; VPN. LDAP, DNS and Citrix baselines; Network CISCO OS and device baselines; POA&M remediation process to include defined artifacts for weakness closures for updating DoC's CSAM POA&M management software; and devloped draft IT Security Standards, including facilitating agency-wide vetting, for Security Communication controls, C&A Remediation Process and IT Security Control wavier process.Senior Information Security (IS) Specialist/ Security Enginee/IA AnalystSAICSeptember 2003  –  December 2005 (2 years 4 months)Washington D.C. Metro AreaProvided IT Security Subject Matter Expertise (SME) consultation services, as a contributing member of task teams, completing engagements to:(2005) - Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), developed and delivered a report summarizing Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M)s.(2004) - Architect of the Capital (AOC), developed and delivered, within three months, an initial security vulnerability assessment analysis; developed and delivered a weakness correction strategy; performed a risk-based assessment; developed a weakness mitigation strategy, delivered and participated in vetting draft POA&Ms to Inspector General (IG), Chief Information Security Officer (CISO, and business unit stakeholders.(2003 – 2005) - US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), served as hands-on Project/Team Lead of five IS analyst who performed security control/technical vulnerability assessments, developed and reported Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) analyses reports, formulated and prepared corrective action recommendations, drafted and vetted POA&Ms and provided IT Security consulting services to the Office of Chief IT Office (OCIO), Division of Information Security Program Office (ITSPO) staff, USPTO business unit clients and support contractors. Developed trust-based relationships between system stakeholders involved with system security control assessments, manual analyses and technical staff who performed scans using ISS software to; identify security control vulnerabilities; clarify weaknesses; identify remediation strategies; facilitate POA&M development, corrective action progress monitoring and reporting. Created, delivered and vetted the use of an USPTO’s IT Security Requirements Traceability Matrix (SRTM) based on identified regulatory and  security control ‘best practices from private and public sectors’, prior to issuance of NIST SPs 800-30; 800-37; 800-53; and SP 800-53A guidance.SR Info Security Analyst/ Engineer providing research, analysis, and IT Security consulting servicesSAICSeptember 2000  –  September 2003 (3 years 1 month)(2003) National Science Foundation (NSF) develop a repeatable C&A process including ST&E planning and assessment.(2002) Security Exchange Commission (SEC)-Office of Technical Services (OTS) develope DR Plans based on the OTS recovery strategy for SEC headquarters; conducting a BI Analysis, RA, preparing and delivery a summary SAR and briefing to business unit stake holders.(2002) Department of Interior (DOI), Bureau of Land Management develop, refine and conduct prototype testing of CSEAT IT Security Program assessment toolset for evaluating an agency's IT security management function.(2001) National Institute of Science and Technology (NIST), Information Technology Lab develope and deliver the Computer Security Expert Assist Team (CSEAT) Methodology and a prototype computerized toolset for assessing the state of the organization’s IT security maturity, IT security policies, procedures, and security controls implementation and integration across all business areas; and conducting initial methodology testing and software at FEMA.(2001) Department of Treasury–Bureau of Engraving and Printing performed Technical Vulnerability Analysis (TVA), using ISS and a Janus proprietary system vulnerability technology SW, preparing vulnerability reports, security risk assessments,assessment reports on mainframe-operating environment including and an analysis report of their CA-Top Secret access control implementation posture.(2000) Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) team lead of three IT assurance analysts performing TVA (using Janus proprietary system vulnerability technology and ISS software tools) and Oracle database vulnerability analysis, performing security RA's, defining security requirements, and developing security corrective action plans for Network Support Services (NSS) and the OS390/MVS mainframe operating environment.Senior IT Security Analyst/Engineer, providing  research, analysis and IS Consulting ServicesSAICAugust 1997  –  September 2000 (3 years 2 months)IT Security SME providing IT Security services to private Financial Services Companies:(2000) Wells Fargo Bank, Inc. Office of CIO, Security Services Team evaluating vendor proposals for integrating Tivoli, LDAP, CA-Top Secret technologies into a Access Control hybrid set of security functionality, Identification and Authentication (I&A) and Access Controls supporting Roles-Based Access Control methodology; providing technical configuration definitions based on vendors baselines and 'Best Business Practices' and administrative consulting services to the RBAC Team members and the OCIO technical staffs.(1997–2000) Major international Trading Financial Services Institution, serving as hands-on Task Lead, supervising one security engineer coordinating vendor proof-of-concept testing, and implementation project planning roll out of BindView EMS (NOS-NT) at multiple data center sites throughout the client’s worldwide distributed networked operating environment; integrated COTS IT security products designed to implement the client’s network security architecture across an evolving worldwide distributed networked operating environment; developed IT security product security test plans, coordinated lab testing, generated and delivered test results, prepared and delivered COTS product security impact analysis reports; and participated with contractor system engineers in product evaluation studies.Served as the Lab Manager, supervising one UNIX and Windows system administrator, to design and implement a Network-centric test and product demonstration environment consisting of advancing network and security technologies being evaluated by Global Integrity, Inc’s financial services clients.Volunteer Experience & CausesCauses Thomas J. cares about:Arts and CultureChildrenEconomic EmpowermentEducationHealthHuman RightsScience and TechnologyCoursesAdditional CourseworkIndustrial ManagementIndustrial ManagementRecommendationsA preview of what LinkedIn members have to say about Thomas J.:Tom is a highly professional and dedicated security analyst with outstanding customer service skills who brought a lot of added value to the US Patent and Trademark Office's cyber security division throughout his many years there.  All his government counterparts, and those whom he served, were extremely sad to see him go.  He is one of the few who really have a firm grasp on both networking technology and how to convey security risks to upper management in clear and concise language consistent with federal guidelines.  I would gladly work with Tom on any other project in the future and believe he would be a significant asset to any information system security risk management and system authorization project.See moreSee lessSign up to see who recommended Thomas J.View Thomas J.’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Thomas J. directlyView Thomas J.’s Full ProfileNot the Thomas J. you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)GermanPeople Also ViewedScott MazzeoSystems Administrator at Coach USAPhilip BlaneyPhotographer at HeiltsukstrongWarren SchudySoftware Engineer at Google ResearchWilliam WallCISSP, CCNP, CCDP, CCNA Security - Senior Network EngineerThomas Lynch, P. Eng.Project Manager at H.J.O'Connell LTDThomas OlsonWireless Survey Engineer  at World Wide TechnologyAlexi GirgisPhysicistCourtney Schellhorn, CISSPSenior Information Security Analyst at BroadridgePublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Thomas J. LynchFirst NameLast NameExample:  Thomas J. LynchThomas J. LynchVice President and Portfolio Manager at Haverford Trust CompanyUnited StatesThomas J. Lynch, CPCU, SCLA, AMIM, MLADirector of Claims and Recovery at CSL,N.A.United StatesThomas J. Lynch--United StatesThomas J. LynchDirector of Claims and Recoveries at CSL N.A..United StatesMore professionals named Thomas J. LynchLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country



























LYNCH, Thomas J. – Heafey Heafey Hoffmann Dworak Cutler




















































































                Proudly serving our community for more than 132 years            

12100 West Center Road, Omaha NE 68144






Search




 







 



  







(402) 391-3900
Get in touch with us





New Construction
Our new facility at 78th and West Center Road










 LYNCH, Thomas J.

 January 9, 2017

Thomas J. Lynch  Aug 25, 1927  Jul 28, 2016    Member, Knights of Columbus-Fourth Degree and Ancient Order of Hibernians. Preceded in death by wife of 60 years, Jean E. Lynch. Survived by daughters: Kim Spargen (Mel), Jana Hrabik (Matt), and Patti Butzin (Jeff); seven grandchildren; eight great-grandchildren.    The family will receive friends Monday, August 1st, from 5pm to 7pm, with VIGIL SERVICE at 7pm, all at the Bel Air Chapel, 12100 W. Center Rd.  MASS OF CHRISTIAN BURIAL Tuesday, August 2nd at 10am at St. Robert Bellarmine Catholic Church. Interment, Calvary Cemetery with full military honors.     Memorials may be directed to the family.
HEAFEY-HOFFMANN DWORAK & CUTLER   BEL AIR CHAPEL  12100 West Center Road    Omaha, Nebraska 68114  (402) 391-3900
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)

Related

  
  

Sign Guestbook


 Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Name
Email
Website
Your Message 

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 




  
 

                Subscribe to The Journey newsletter            


                Receive emails when we publish our monthly newsletter.            

Subscribe 

 

Pre-Planning



                Questions and Answers            

  
 
 
 


Heafey-Hoffmann-Dworak-Cutler Mortuaries © 2017 All Rights Reserved Terms of Use and Privacy Policy 

 
 







































 






Bristol-Myers Squibb Appoints Dr. Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer | BMS Newsroom




































































 






Login



Home



 







Press ReleaseSee All Press Releases      Sign up for Email Alerts      Press Release RSS 








              Bristol-Myers Squibb Appoints Dr. Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer            




      Category:          

Corporate/Financial News 



    Wednesday, March 8, 2017 12:24 pm EST  



      Dateline:          




                    NEW YORK        






EmailPDFPrintRSS 



      Public Company Information:          




NYSE:BMY 






NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Bristol-Myers 
      Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) today announced that it has appointed Dr. 
      Thomas J. Lynch, Jr., 56, executive vice president and chief scientific 
      officer, effective March 16, 2017. He succeeds Dr. Francis Cuss, 62, who 
      will retire from the company. Dr. Cuss will serve as an advisor to the 
      company for the next three months to ensure a seamless transition. In 
      connection with today’s announcement, Dr. Lynch will step down from the 
      Board of Directors of Bristol-Myers Squibb, effective March 15, 2017.
    

      Dr. Lynch has more than 30 years of medical, management and leadership 
      experience, including more than 23 years at Massachusetts General 
      Hospital (MGH). He served as chairman and chief executive officer of 
      Massachusetts General Physicians Organization and as a member of the MGH 
      Board from 2015 to 2017. Before returning to MGH, Dr. Lynch served as 
      the director of Yale Cancer Center and was the Richard and Jonathan 
      Sackler Professor of Internal Medicine at the Yale School of Medicine 
      from 2009 to 2015. While at MGH in 2004, Dr. Lynch was part of the team 
      credited with the significant discovery that certain genetic mutations 
      in lung cancer patients caused therapies to work for some individuals 
      and not for others.
    

      “We are pleased to welcome Tom to the leadership team at Bristol-Myers 
      Squibb,” said Giovanni 
      Caforio, M.D., chief executive officer and chairman designate of 
      Bristol-Myers Squibb. “Tom is an internationally recognized oncologist 
      known for his leadership in the treatment of lung cancer and has made 
      significant contributions to the field of targeted therapies throughout 
      his career. Tom brings deep industry knowledge and a sophisticated 
      understanding of the Bristol-Myers Squibb Research & Development program 
      from his experience as a member of our Board. As we transition to our 
      next phase of growth, we are confident Tom is the right person to lead 
      our dynamic R&D organization as we focus on accelerating the development 
      of our Immuno-Oncology medicines and fully realizing the extraordinary 
      potential of our diverse, innovative pipeline. With deep experience as a 
      clinical researcher, leader of large research centers and a practicing 
      physician, Tom brings unique, important and timely perspectives to the 
      business.”
    

      Dr. Lynch said, “Throughout my career, I have been devoted to advancing 
      oncology research, with a particular focus on lung cancer. I have seen 
      firsthand Bristol-Myers Squibb’s commitment to making a meaningful 
      difference in the lives of patients, and I am honored to lead the 
      company’s R&D program, where lung cancer research is a core area of 
      focus in a highly successful Immuno-Oncology development program. I have 
      a strong appreciation for the depth of Bristol-Myers Squibb’s portfolio 
      and rich pipeline in oncology as well as in the fields of cardiovascular 
      diseases, immunoscience and fibrosis. We have a number of significant 
      opportunities and are uniquely positioned to transform cancer care. I am 
      confident that our team will continue to discover and develop innovative 
      medicines that address serious diseases in areas of significant unmet 
      medical need.”
    

      Caforio concluded, “On behalf of the Board and leadership team, I want 
      to thank Francis for his hard work and dedication to Bristol-Myers 
      Squibb for more than 13 years. Our portfolio and pipeline have been 
      significantly strengthened during his time leading Discovery and R&D, 
      and we wish him the best in his retirement.”
    

      “It has been an honor to lead Bristol-Myers Squibb’s talented R&D team 
      during such a transformative period for the company,” said Cuss. “Today, 
      Bristol-Myers Squibb is creating unprecedented opportunities to address 
      some of the most challenging disease areas in ways we never thought 
      possible even five years ago. I’ve come to know Tom well in his capacity 
      as a board member and I am confident that under his leadership the team 
      will continue to flourish and find new ways to discover, develop and 
      deliver innovative medicines that make a difference in the lives of 
      patients.”
    

About Dr. Thomas J. Lynch, Jr.


      Dr. Lynch has served as chairman and chief executive officer of 
      Massachusetts General Physicians Organization and a member of the 
      Massachusetts General Hospital Board since 2015. From 2009 to 2015, Dr. 
      Lynch was director of Yale Cancer Center and was the Richard and 
      Jonathan Sackler Professor of Internal Medicine, Yale Cancer Center, 
      Yale School of Medicine. He has also served as the Physician in Chief of 
      Smilow Cancer Hospital, Yale-New Haven, since 2009. Prior to 2009, Dr. 
      Lynch was Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School and chief of 
      Hematology/Oncology at Massachusetts General Hospital. Dr. Lynch is a 
      member of the American Association for Cancer Research, the American 
      Society of Clinical Oncology, and the International Association for the 
      Study of Lung Cancer.
    


About Bristol-Myers Squibb



      Bristol-Myers Squibb is a global biopharmaceutical company whose mission 
      is to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help 
      patients prevail over serious diseases. For more information about 
      Bristol-Myers Squibb, visit us at BMS.com 
      or follow us on LinkedIn, 
      Twitter, 
      YouTube 
      and Facebook.
    


Statement on Cautionary Factors



      This Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the 
      meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
      regarding, among other things, statements relating to goals, plans and 
      projections regarding the company’s financial position, results of 
      operations, market position, product development and business strategy. 
      These statements may be identified by the fact that they use words such 
      as "anticipate", "estimates", "should", "expect", "guidance", "project", 
      "intend", "plan", "believe" and other words and terms of similar meaning 
      in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial 
      performance. Such forward-looking statements are based on current 
      expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including 
      factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause 
      actual outcomes and results to differ materially from current 
      expectations.
    

      These factors include, among other things, effects of the continuing 
      implementation of governmental laws and regulations related to Medicare, 
      Medicaid, Medicaid managed care organizations and entities under the 
      Public Health Service 340B program, pharmaceutical rebates and 
      reimbursement, market factors, competitive product development and 
      approvals, pricing controls and pressures (including changes in rules 
      and practices of managed care groups and institutional and governmental 
      purchasers), economic conditions such as interest rate and currency 
      exchange rate fluctuations, judicial decisions, claims and concerns that 
      may arise regarding the safety and efficacy of in-line products and 
      product candidates, changes to wholesaler inventory levels, variability 
      in data provided by third parties, changes in, and interpretation of, 
      governmental regulations and legislation affecting domestic or foreign 
      operations, including tax obligations, changes to business or tax 
      planning strategies, difficulties and delays in product development, 
      manufacturing or sales including any potential future recalls, patent 
      positions, the ultimate outcome of any litigation matter, our level of 
      indebtedness and risks, disruption, costs and uncertainty caused by or 
      related to the actions of stockholders. These factors also include the 
      Company’s ability to execute successfully its strategic plans, including 
      its business development strategy, the expiration of patents or data 
      protection on certain products, including assumptions about the 
      Company’s ability to retain patent exclusivity of certain products, and 
      the impact and result of governmental investigations. There can be no 
      guarantees with respect to pipeline products that future clinical 
      studies will support the data described in this release, that the 
      compounds will receive necessary regulatory approvals, or that they will 
      prove to be commercially successful; nor are there guarantees that 
      regulatory approvals will be sought, or sought within currently expected 
      timeframes, or that contractual milestones will be achieved. For further 
      details and a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, see 
      the Company's periodic reports, including the annual report on Form 
      10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, 
      filed with or furnished to the SEC. The Company undertakes no obligation 
      to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of 
      new information, future events or otherwise.
    





 






      Contact:          




       Bristol-Myers Squibb  Media: Laura Hortas,        609-252-4587 laura.hortas@bms.com or Investors: John        Elicker, 609-252-4611 john.elicker@bms.com 









      $Cashtags          

$BMY 







 



 

Business Wire NewsHQsm
















Thomas J. Lynch - Senior Vice President-Compliance, Regulatory & Public Affairs at Grifols Therapeutics, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Thomas J. Lynch
Senior Vice President-Compliance, Regulatory & Public Affairs at Grifols Therapeutics, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees 


Thomas J. Lynch
Senior Vice President-Compliance, Regulatory & Public Affairs at Grifols Therapeutics, Inc.



 Overview



Age



66
                                  (Born 1951)
                                              




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 777 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




The Washington Post
January 16, 2013





                        Thomas headed back to Va. Tech                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Bruce Nogales

Senior Vice President & General Manager-Talecris Plasma Resources at Grifols Therapeutics, Inc.




Joel E. Abelson

Senior Vice President & General Manager-International Business at Grifols Therapeutics, Inc.





Stephen R. Petteway, Jr.

Executive Vice President-Research & Development at Talecris Biotherapeutics Holdings Corp.




John Malcolm Hanson

Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President at Grifols Therapeutics, Inc.





Mary J. Kuhn

Executive Vice President at Grifols, Inc.




John Richard Perkins

Chief Executive Officer at Bio Products Laboratory Holdings Ltd.





Joseph A. Akers

Former President at Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Reinaldo M. Diaz

Managing Director-Investments & Business Development, US at Auven Therapeutics Management LLLP





Pierre Alary

Chief Financial Officer at Bombardier Transportation (Holdings) USA, Inc.




Paul Baehr

Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at IBEX Technologies, Inc.







See 767 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 767 More 


 


 Paths to Thomas J. Lynch



            Thomas J. Lynch          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Thomas J. Lynch






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Thomas J. Lynch.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Georgetown University

                  Georgetown University is a private research university in Washington, D.C. Founded in 1789, it is the oldest Jesuit and Catholic university in the United States. Georgetown's main campus, located in Washington's Georgetown neighborhood, is noted for Healy Hall, a National Historic Landmark in the Romanesque revival style. Georgetown operates a law center on Capitol Hill and auxiliary campuses in Italy, Turkey, and Qatar.                




 


Wayne State University - Michigan

                  Wayne State University (WSU) is a public research university located in Detroit, Michigan, United States, in the city's Midtown Cultural Center Historic District and Wayne State University Buildings Historic District. Founded in 1868, WSU consists of 13 schools and colleges offering 370 programs to nearly 28,000 graduate and undergraduate students. It is currently Michigan's fourth-largest university and one of the 100 largest universities in the United States.

The WSU main campus encompasses 203 acres (822,000 m²) linking more than 100 education and research buildings in the heart of Detroit. It also has six extension centers in the metro Detroit area providing access to a limited selection of courses. The institution is a notable engine in metro Detroit's educational, cultural and economic landscape, as manifested through efforts such as its thriving research and technology park and hosting of the Detroit Windsor International Film Festival.                





 Career History



Senior Vice President-Compliance, Regulatory & Public Affairs

                                    2005 - Current                


Grifols Therapeutics, Inc.


                  Grifols Therapeutics, Inc. specialized in the pharmaceutical-hospital services. The company was founded on March 7, 2005 and is headquartered in Research Triangle Park, NC.                




Senior Vice President-Compliance, Regulatory & Public Affairs

                                    2005 - Current                


Talecris Biotherapeutics Holdings Corp.


                  Talecris Biotherapeutics Holdings Corp. develops and markets plasma-derived protein therapy products. The company was founded in 1942 and is headquartered in Research Triangle Park, NC.                




Vice President, Regulatory Affairs & Quality Assurance

                                    2003 - 2005                


CryoLife, Inc.


                  CryoLife, Inc. is a medical devices company. It engages in the processing and distribution of implantable human tissues for use in cardiac and vascular surgeries. The company operates in two segments: Medical Devices and Preservation Services. The Medical Devices segment includes external revenues from product sales of BioGlue, BioFoam, PerClot, CardioGenesis cardiac laser therapy, HeRO Graft, and ProCol. The Preservation Services segment offers external services revenues from the preservation of cardiac and vascular tissues. CryoLife was founded by Steven G. Anderson on January 19, 1984 and is headquartered in Kennesaw, GA.                




Senior Vice President-Regulatory Affairs & Quality Assurance

                                    2000 - 2003                


Clearant, Inc.


                  Clearant, Inc. produces tissue allograft implants, plasma therapies, blood and recombinant products. The company was founded on April 30, 1999 and is headquartered in Orlando, FL.                




Deputy Director-Hematology Division

                                    Prior                


U.S. Food and Drug Administration


                  The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or USFDA) is an agency of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, one of the United States federal executive departments. The FDA is responsible for protecting and promoting public health through the regulation and supervision of food safety, tobacco products, dietary supplements, prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceutical drugs (medications), vaccines, biopharmaceuticals, blood transfusions, medical devices, electromagnetic radiation emitting devices (ERED), and veterinary products.

The FDA also enforces other laws, notably Section 361 of the Public Health Service Act and associated regulations, many of which are not directly related to food or drugs. These include sanitation requirements on interstate travel and control of disease on products ranging from certain household pets to sperm donation for assisted reproduction.

The FDA is led by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, appointed by the President with the advice and consent of the Senate. The Commissioner reports to the Secretary of Health and Human Services. The 21st and current Commissioner is Dr. Margaret A. Hamburg. She has served as Commissioner since May 2009.

The FDA has its headquarters in unincorporated White Oak, Maryland. The agency also has 223 field offices and 13 laboratories located throughout the 50 states, the United States Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico. In 2008, the FDA started opening offices in foreign countries, including China, India, Costa Rica, Chile, Belgium, and the United Kingdom.

In June 1906, President Theodore Roosevelt signed into law the Food and Drug Act, also known as the "Wiley Act" after its chief advocate Dr. Harvey Washington Wiley who riveted the country's and eventually congress's attention with public hygiene demonstrations. This act was the basis for the modern USFDA, being originally given the name of the Food, Drug, and Insecticide organization. The name eventually was shortened to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) a few years later.                




Research Scientist

                                    Prior                


National Institutes of Health


                  NIH is the largest source of funding for medical research in the world, creating hundreds of thousands of high-quality jobs by funding thousands of scientists in universities and research institutions in every state across America and around the globe.

NIH is made up of 27 Institutes and Centers, each with a specific research agenda, often focusing on particular diseases or body systems. NIH leadership plays an active role in shaping the agency's research planning, activities, and outlook.

The Office of the Director is the central office at NIH, responsible for setting policy for NIH and for planning, managing, and coordinating the programs and activities of all the NIH components. The NIH Director, with a unique and critical perspective on the entire agency, is responsible for providing leadership to the Institutes and for constantly identifying needs and opportunities, especially for efforts that involve multiple Institutes. The NIH Director is assisted by the NIH Deputy Directors including the Principal Deputy Director, who shares in the overall direction of the agency's activities.

NIH is responsive to Congressional legislation that adjusts NIH's programs to meet changing research needs. As a result of the NIH reauthorization process, NIH is able to respond strategically in an era when medical research requires constant innovation and increased interdisciplinary efforts.

More than 80% of the NIH's budget goes to more than 300,000 research personnel at over 2,500 universities and research institutions. In addition, about 6,000 scientists work in NIH’s own Intramural Research laboratories, most of which are on the NIH main campus in Bethesda, Maryland. The main campus is also home to the NIH Clinical Center, the largest hospital in the world totally dedicated to clinical research.

Successful biomedical research depends on the talent and dedication of the scientific workforce. NIH supports many innovative training programs and funding mechanisms that foster scientific creativity and exploration. The goal is to strengthen our nation’s research capacity, broaden our research base, and inspire a passion for science in current and future generations of researchers.

NIH encourages and depends on public involvement in federally supported research and activities. NIH’s wide-ranging public efforts include outreach and education, nationwide events, requests for public input on NIH projects, and special programs designed specifically to involve public representatives in clinical research                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    2008 - 2013                  


Haemacure Corp.

                    Haemacure Corp. is engaged in the development, marketing and sales of surgical sealants and related medical devices. Its primary product is a fibrin sealant, a tissue sealant comprised of fibrinogen and thrombin extracted from human plasma. The fibrin sealant is used in surgical procedures to arrest bleeding and as an adjunct to wound healing. It was founded on August 19, 1991 and is headquartered in Montreal, Canada.                  





 Other Affiliations




              Thomas J. Lynch is affiliated with
                            Grifols Therapeutics, Inc., Talecris Biotherapeutics Holdings Corp., CryoLife, Inc., Clearant, Inc., U.S. Food and Drug Administration, National Institutes of Health, Haemacure Corp..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤





















Thomas J Lynch - Pilot Profile -  Thomas Lynch















 Order Helpline (UK) : 01436 820269


You currently have no items in your basket



Buy with confidence and security!Publishing historical art since 1985


















Don't Miss Any Special Deals - Sign Up To Our Newsletter!




AircraftSearch


SquadronSearch


ArtistSearch


SignatureSearch




Product Search         











Click Here For Full Artist Print Indexes


Aviation History Archive







 
        Thomas J Lynch         
		No Photo Available
	
 
Victories : 20        -----------------------------
        Country : US        Fought in : WW2        Fought for : Allied                                

        		
        
         
 
 



Latest Allied Aviation Artwork ! Destination Tokyo by Anthony Saunders. Guardians of the Beaches by Ivan Berryman. (PC) No Way Back by Ivan Berryman. (PC) Tragedy at the Eder by Ivan Berryman. (PC)

Thomas J Lynch

Aircraft for : Thomas J LynchA list of all aircraft associated with Thomas J Lynch.  A profile page including a list of all art prints for the aircraft is available by clicking the aircraft name.SquadronInfoLightningClick the name above to see prints featuring Lightning aircraft.Manufacturer : LockheedLightningDesigned by Kelly Johnson the P38 made its maiden flight on the 27th January 1939 and introduced into service in 1941. they cost $134,284 at the time each and a total of 10,037 were built. The Lockheed P-38 was introduced as a inceptor fighter but soon proved a valuable long range bomber escort for the 8thUS Air Force's B-17 and-24 bombers as they bombed targets further into Germany.


See our aviation history timeline for all today's historical aviation events - air victories, aircraft losses and pilot
details.




RECENT UPDATES TO OUR AVIATION HISTORY DATABASES C. B. Parris added to aircrew database.Updates made to Aircrew database for : 1st Lieutenant Lavern R Alcorn : Squadrons updated (added 388th Fighter Squadron), Squadron service dates updatedUpdates made to Airframes database for : Hampden AD753 : Manchester Mk.I L7302 of No.207 Sqn RAF added to the airframes database.388th Fighter Squadron added to the squadrons database.Updates made to Airframes database for : Hampden AD899 : Updates made to Airframes database for : Blenheim L9386 : 387th Fighter Squadron added to the squadrons database.Updates made to Aircrew database for : Group Captain Dennis David : New victory claim added : Me109 claimed on 11th May 1942 by Squadron Leader A. R. H. Barton of No.126 Sqn RAFSEARCH OUR AVIATION HISTORY DATABASES
 







Contact Details
Shipping Info
Terms and Conditions
Classified Ads
Valuations






Sign Up To Our Newsletter!
Stay up to date with all our latest offers, deals and events as well as new releases and exclusive subscriber content!
This website is owned by
        Cranston Fine Arts.  Torwood House, Torwoodhill Road, Rhu,
        Helensburgh, Scotland, G848LE
Contact: Tel: (+44) (0) 1436 820269.  Fax:
        (+44) (0) 1436 820473. Email: 


 








Return to Home Page




THOMAS J LYNCH - NEW LONDON, MN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MN



NEW LONDON



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            THOMAS J LYNCH
                                    



 





















T 


THOMAS J LYNCH
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



12891 212TH AVE NE NEW LONDON, MN 56273
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $67,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts THOMAS LYNCH







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Thomas J Lynch was founded in 2004. Thomas J Lynch specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. Thomas J Lynch has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $67,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.






















John J Lynch - Pilot Profile -  John Lynch









Customer Helpline (UK) : 01436 820269


You currently have no items in your basket



Buy with confidence and security!Publishing historical art since 1985



















Valuations
Classified
          Ads
Terms
          and Conditions
Shipping
          Info
Contact
          Details









AircraftSearch


SquadronSearch


ArtistSearch


SignatureSearch



Air ForceSearch



 SPECIAL OFFERS



Product Search         









 
        John J Lynch         
		No Photo Available
	
 
Victories : 13        -----------------------------
        Country : US        Fought in : WW2        Fought for : Allied                                		 
        		
        
         
 
 



Latest Allied Aviation Artwork ! Destination Tokyo by Anthony Saunders. Guardians of the Beaches by Ivan Berryman. (PC) No Way Back by Ivan Berryman. (PC) Tragedy at the Eder by Ivan Berryman. (PC)

John J Lynch

Aircraft for : John J LynchA list of all aircraft associated with John J Lynch.  A profile page including a list of all art prints for the aircraft is available by clicking the aircraft name.SquadronInfoSpitfireClick the name above to see prints featuring Spitfire aircraft.Manufacturer : SupermarineProduction Began : 1936Retired : 1948Number Built : 20351SpitfireRoyal Air Force fighter aircraft, maximum speed for mark I Supermarine Spitfire, 362mph up to The Seafire 47 with a top speed of 452mph. maximum ceiling for Mk I 34,000feet up to 44,500 for the mark XIV.  Maximum range for MK I 575 miles . up to  1475 miles for the Seafire 47. Armament for the various Marks of Spitfire. for MK I, and II . eight fixed .303 browning Machine guns, for MKs V-IX and XVI two 20mm Hispano cannons and four .303 browning machine guns. and on later Marks, six to eight Rockets under the wings or a maximum bomb load of 1,000 lbs.  Designed by R J Mitchell, The proto type Spitfire first flew on the 5th March 1936. and entered service with the Royal Air Force in August 1938, with 19 squadron based and RAF Duxford. by the outbreak of World war two, there were twelve squadrons with a total of 187 spitfires, with another 83 in store. Between 1939 and 1945, a large variety of modifications and developments produced a variety of MK,s from I to XVI.  The mark II came into service in late 1940, and in March 1941, the Mk,V came into service.  To counter the Improvements in fighters of the Luftwaffe especially the FW190, the MK,XII was introduced with its Griffin engine.  The Fleet Air Arm used the Mk,I and II and were named Seafires.  By the end of production in 1948 a total of 20,351 spitfires had been made and 2408 Seafires.  The most produced variant was the Spitfire Mark V, with a total of 6479 spitfires produced.  The Royal Air Force kept Spitfires in front line use until April 1954. 

Aviation History Timeline : 21st JulyDAYMONTHYEARDETAILS21July1916Otto Parschau, a WW1 Ace with 8.00 victories, died on this day21July1918Otto Esswein, a WW1 Ace with 12.00 victories, died on this day21July1940British Battle of Britain pilot,  P/O R. A. De mancha of  43 Squadron, was Killed.21July1940Hauptmann Alois Lindmayr of 7./Kampfgeschwader 26 was awarded the Knight's Cross21July1940Hauptmann Egon Thiem of 5.(S)/Lehrgeschwader 2 was awarded the Knight's Cross21July1940Hauptmann Friedrich-Karl Freiherr von Dalwigk zu Lichtenfels of I./Sturzkampfgeschwader 77 was awarded the Knight's Cross21July1940Hauptmann Hubertus Hitschhold of I./Sturzkampfgeschwader 2 was awarded the Knight's Cross21July1940Hauptmann Walter Enneccerus of II./Sturzkampfgeschwader 2 was awarded the Knight's Cross21July1940Hauptmann Walter Sigel of I./Sturzkampfgeschwader 3 was awarded the Knight's Cross21July1940Major Clemens Graf von Sch�nborn-Wiesentheid of Sturzkampfgeschwader 77 was awarded the Knight's Cross21July1940Major Walter Hagen of III./Sturzkampfgeschwader 1 was awarded the Knight's Cross21July1940Oberleutnant Horst Freiherr Grote of 4./(S)Lehrgeschwader 2 was posthumously awarded the Knight's Cross21July1940Oberleutnant Karl G�tze of 1./Flak-Abteilung 37 (mot.) was awarded the Knight's Cross21July1940Oberleutnant Wolfdietrich Peitsmeyer of 6.(S)/Lehrgeschwader 2 was awarded the Knight's Cross21July1940Oberstleutnant Carl-August Schumacher of Jagdgeschwader 1 was awarded the Knight's Cross21July1941Former British Battle of Britain pilot,  P/O T. G. F. Ritchie of  602 Squadron, was Killed.21July1952Fritz Lorzer, a WW1 Ace with 11.00 victories, died on this day21July1964Michael Hutterer, a WW1 Ace with 6.00 victories, died on this day21July1972W Harvey, a WW1 Ace with 8.00 victories, died on this day21July1975A Hepburn, a WW1 Ace with 23.00 victories, died on this day21July1993Alfred Heckmann, a WW2 Ace with 71.00 victories, died on this day21July1993Knight's Cross recipient Alfred Heckmann of 4./Jagdgeschwader 3 died on this day21July2002Former British Battle of Britain pilot,  F/Lt. J. Cunningham of  604 Squadron, Passed away.21July2002Group Captain John Cunningham CBE DSO DFC AE DL FRAeS, whose signature is on some of our aviation art, died on this day21July2002John Cunningham, a WW2 Ace with 20.00 victories, died on this day21July2006Knight's Cross recipient Karl Schmid of 14. (Eis)/Kampfgeschwader 27 died on this day
This website is owned by
        Cranston Fine Arts.  Torwood House, Torwoodhill Road, Rhu,
        Helensburgh, Scotland, G848LE
Contact: Tel: (+44) (0) 1436 820269.  Fax:
        (+44) (0) 1436 820473. Email: 


 
Subscribe to our newsletterReturn to Front Page
Return to Home Page





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























SpyFly


































































Spy Fly
















facebook
twitter
google_plus




Member Login



 




Find Out Everything
Quick and easy public record checks









First Name



Last Name



Select a State

- Select State -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming 














Phone and Email Records
SpyFly strives to provide accurate and up-to-date phone and email records  that you can rely on. 
View Records


Address History
SpyFly's address history lists current and past locations featuring an interactive map.
View Records


Career, Lifestyle, and More
With SpyFly you can access career and lifestyle info, relatives, associates, and much more.
View Records






DISCLAIMER: SpyFly provides affordable, immediate access to public record information. It is PROHIBITED by law to use our service or the information contained on our website to make decisions about employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly does not provide private investigator services, consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Please be EXTREMELY careful when reviewing a person’s criminal history. Please DO NOT use this information without further investigating the accuracy of the information. The information available on our website may not be complete, accurate, or current. For more information, please review SpyFly Terms of Use.
 










WARNING!
The website you are about to access contains public records that may include phone numbers, email addresses, contact information, address history, careeer info, relatives, associates, and criminal records (DUI/DWI, felonies, misdemeanors, theft, sex crimes, etc.). 
					
					By clicking "Continue" you agree to not use our service or our information to make decisions about  employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
					

Continue

open lightbox
open lightbox



Creating private search...


1. Your Search is private 
2. We never notify the person you are searching 
3. We don't share search history with third-parties 

Establishing a private connection




Connecting to secure GEO database...




.


Optimizing Network Connection



Accessing Secure Connection...



Connecting to Federal, State, and County databases...



Establishing Privacy Protocol. Your search will be anonymous...








One Moment...



Ready to Search all available databases

Continue







Searching for   of ...
Please wait while we retrieve city, county, and state records.









Initiating Nationwide Search...
Searching through millions of public records 



Screening State and County Archives...
Identifying possible subjects that match search criteria...



Downloading matches from Database... 
Isolating possible subject matches




facebook

Person A, Somewhere
Testimonial One...



facebook

Person B, Somewhere
Testimonial Two...



facebook

Person C, Somewhere
Testimonial Three...




SEARCH COMPLETE!


Please enter your email address below to immediately view results











Privacy Policy | 
			Terms of Use




SEARCH COMPLETE!







 












Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















