

Lynch, Kevin W Chiropractor DC                                                                                           - Salem                                             , NH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NH



Salem



offices and Clinics of Chiropractors



Offices And Clinics Of Chiropractors



                            Lynch, Kevin W Chiropractor DC
                                    



 





















L 


Lynch, Kevin W Chiropractor DC                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



289 LAWRENCE RD SALEM, NH 03079
Get Directions



(603) 890-1123
www.idealbodyandwellnesscenter.com                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded 1997
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $186,960.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Offices And Clinics Of Chiropractors
 Contacts Kevin Lynch                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Lynch, Kevin W Chiropractor Dc                                                                                           was founded in 1997. Lynch, Kevin W Chiropractor Dc                                                                                           specializes in Offices And Clinics Of Chiropractors. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 


Biography of Kevin Lynch
























Login
The STANDS4 Network☰

ABBREVIATIONS
ANAGRAMS
BIOGRAPHIES
CONVERSIONS
DEFINITIONS
GRAMMAR
LYRICS
PHRASES
POETRY
QUOTES
REFERENCES
RHYMES
SCRIPTS
SYMBOLS
SYNONYMS
USZIP

 









Search


#ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ NEWRANDOM
 








Search



 








Kevin Lynch
Organization leader 
    


Who is Kevin Lynch?
Kevin Lynch is the executive vice president and chief softwarearchitect for Macromedia. Lynch has been instrumental in shaping theMacromedia product family since joining the company in 1996. Mostrecently, Lynch has led the MX initiative at Macromedia, currently asgeneral manager for MX products, which unified its tool, server andplayer software. As chief software architect, Lynch is responsible forensuring Macromedia products are practical, powerful, and enjoyable fortheir customers.      Lynch's career has enabled him to participate in the emergence        and rapid growth of the personal computer industry that began in the late 1970s,        through the graphical user interface revolution in the 80s, to the convergence        of content, applications, and communications on the profoundly networked        systems of today.      Lynch defined and led the initial development of Macromedia        Dreamweaver, one of the company's core products which leads the market among        professional web developers. Prior to joining Macromedia, Lynch pioneered        a navigational user interface for handheld communicators at General Magic.        He also designed the user interface and developed the first Macintosh        release of FrameMaker for Frame Technology.      Lynch studied interactive computer graphics at the University        of Illinois, working with artists and engineers in the Electronic Visualization        Laboratory. While he was in school, the first Macintosh was introduced,        and Lynch began at his first startup as vice president of product development.        He developed and shipped some of the first Macintosh applications, including        a graphical adventure game in 1984, a 3D graphics package in 1985, and        a desktop publishing application in 1987, which introduced user interface        elements in common use today.

Discuss this Kevin Lynch biography with the community:





Citation
Use the citation below to add to a bibliography:


Style:MLAChicagoAPA
"Kevin Lynch." Biographies.net. STANDS4 LLC, 2017. Web. 23 Jul 2017. <http://www.biographies.net/bio/m/03bvhpd>.





Also known as
Kevin W Lynch
Employment
Executive Vice President and Chief Software Architect, MacromediaApple Inc.








The Web's Largest Resource for
Biographies & History
 A Member Of The STANDS4 Network







 
 











 


















	SEA DOG TRADING Trademark of Lynch, Kevin W. Serial Number: 85749785 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Clothing Products
SEA DOG TRADING










 
Get FREE email alerts













SEA DOG TRADING  Trademark Information
 Lynch, Kevin W
polo shirts with trademark on chest, tee shirts logo on front and back, shorts with logo on bottom of cuff, hoodie logo on front and back, baseball hat logo on front




Perfect for these industries

Clothing Products





Words that describe this mark
polo   shirts   trademark   chest      tee   shirts   logo      shorts   logo   cuff      hoodie   logo      baseball   hat   logo    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SEA DOG TRADING trademark by Lynch, Kevin W 
                                in Chevy Chase, MD, 20815.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SEA DOG TRADING trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Lynch, Kevin W of the SEA DOG TRADING trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SEA DOG TRADING trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, October 9, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SEA DOG TRADING by 
                        Lynch, Kevin W, Chevy Chase, MD  20815.
                        The USPTO has given the SEA DOG TRADING 
                        trademark serial  number of  85749785.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for SEA DOG TRADING is 
                        
                        
                                            LYNCH KEVIN W of 
                                            3913 PARSONS RD,  CHEVY CHASE, MD 20815-6732,  
                                .
                            The SEA DOG TRADING trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Clothing Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SEA DOG TRADING 
                            is polo shirts with trademark on chest, tee shirts logo on front and back, shorts with logo on bottom of cuff, hoodie logo on front and back, baseball hat logo on front. 
                            





Word mark:
 SEA DOG TRADING


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

4/18/2014






  Serial Number:  
85749785


  Filing Date:  
10/9/2012


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
polo shirts with trademark on chest, tee shirts logo on front and back, shorts with logo on bottom of cuff, hoodie logo on front and back, baseball hat logo on front


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of A Dalmation dog with black spots and grey shading, red and white bandana tied in the back of head, black eye patch on right eye, brown wooden right rear leg with brown belt and buckle to hold leg. Dog is standing errect with a side view, dog has an errect white tail and no spots, black nose and mouth shut, dog is in a pointer position.


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Lynch, Kevin WChevy Chase, MD  20815
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Dogs  (Animals  -  Cats, dogs, wolves, foxes, bears, lions, tigers ) see more design...


                                                    Costumed animals and those with human attributes in this division (cats, dogs, wolves, foxes, bears, lions or tigers) (Animals  -  Cats, dogs, wolves, foxes, bears, lions, tigers ) see more design...


                                                     Scarves, bandanas, neckerchiefs, and other neckwear (Textile, Clothing, Headwear, Footwear & Sewing accessories.  -  Clothing) see more design...


                                                    Belts, belt buckles  (Textile, Clothing, Headwear, Footwear & Sewing accessories.  -  Clothing) see more design...


                                                    Eyeglasses, eyeglass frames, sunglasses, goggles and safety goggles (Telecommunications, sound recording or reproduction equipment; photography, cinematography and optics   -  Photography, cinematography, optics) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


LYNCH KEVIN W
3913 PARSONS RD
CHEVY CHASE, MD 20815-6732







 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (025) - Clothing, footwear, headgear. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SEA DOG TRADING trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/18/2014
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



LYNCH KEVIN W


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SEA DOG TRADING trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search seadogtrading on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SEA DOG TRADING 




SEA DOG TRADING is providing polo shirts with trademark on chest, tee shirts logo on front and back, shorts with logo on bottom of cuff, hoodie logo on front and back, baseball hat logo on front.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 














































































 
















HomeWorking with us


                        Working with us
                    



It starts with you
For us, success is about helping you reach your goals, not a number.
See how we work















Life Priority Tool






Assessment Tool








ML® solutions







About ML®





Your life priorities

 Your life priorities
                    



What’s important to you?
You have priorities and we have the insights you need to keep them front and center.
See how














Finances





Home





Health





Family





Leisure





Giving





Work





Research & insights


                        Our insights
                    



A real advantage
Industry-leading research and expert analysis are here to help you stay ahead.
Explore our insights

















Markets








People








Innovation








Government








Earth





View your advisor




Get the right guidance for you
Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.
Contact a financial advisor



Not who you're looking for?
Get to know some of our other financial advisors.
Find another advisor

















Search by Name







Search by Location









Search by LinkedIn




Your recently viewed advisor











Visit our page


















Find an advisor 

                                Contact Us 

Client login 












The Kolmer Group 
            








Global Wealth Management
300 WEST STATE ST.
                  Floor No. 02, 
                MEDIA, 
              
                PA 
              
                19063Get directions
            

Phone:
						(800) 881-9863
Email: 

              Learn more about an advisor’s  background on FINRA’s  BrokerCheck








Professional Staff

Wealth Management Advisor

Senior Vice President - Investments


Senior Vice President


						(610) 565-9813

Wealth Management Advisor

Assistant Vice President


Vice President


						(610) 565-9836

Wealth Management Advisor

Vice President


Senior Vice President


						(610) 565-9939

Financial Advisor

						(610) 565-9098

Client Associate

						(610) 565-9935

Registered Client Associate

						(610) 891-7733







                Professional Profile
              
The Kolmer Group, we help families, retired persons, business owners, and professionals make intelligent financial decisions through a wide array of financial resources and research services. With the support of a team of Product Specialists, we put effective investment and credit management at your finger tips. We focus on developing long-term financial goals and custom investment, retirement, and estate strategies.Kevin W. Kolmer Sr.Senior Vice President- Wealth ManagementWealth Management Advisor- Bachelor’s Degree in Finance from Villanova University- Over 30 years experience in financial services- Joined Merrill Lynch in 1985- Has been named among the top advisors in Pennsylvania on the Barron’s Magazine’s America’s Top Advisor: State-by-State Top Advisor List in February 2009 and 2010, its annual ranking of the top 1,000 financial advisors from across the countryDylan Atkins, CRPC®, CFP® CAP®Assistant Vice PresidentWealth Management Advisor- Bachelor’s Degree in Economics from University of Arizona- Joined Merrill Lynch in 1998- Certified Financial Planner™ Certificant (a certification awarded by the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards, Inc.) - Chartered Retirement Planning Counselorsm - Chartered Advisor in Philanthropy®Kevin W. Kolmer Jr., CRPC®, CFP®Vice PresidentWealth Management Advisor- Bachelor’s Degree in Business Management  from Gettysburg College- Joined Merrill Lynch in 2004- Certified Financial Planner™ Certificant (a certification awarded by the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards, Inc.) - Chartered Retirement Planning CounselorsmChristopher R. KolmerFinancial Advisor- Bachelor’s Degree in Finance from Villanova University- Spent 9 years at Deutsche Bank in New York City as a Vice President in Fixed Income Sales - Joined Merrill Lynch in 2015
Lisa Maiura- Senior Client Associate- Joined Merrill Lynch in 1990- Her primary focus for the team is providing client and administrative support with a goal towards building strong client relationshipChristina M. McGinn-Registered Client AssociateCertified Financial Planner Board of Standards, Inc. owns the certification marks CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNERTM and CFP® in the U.S., which it awards to individuals who successfully complete CFP Board’s initial and ongoing certification requirements. CAP® and Chartered Advisor in Philanthropy® are the property of The American College, which reserves the sole rights to its use, and is used by permission.Chartered Retirement Planning CounselorSM and CRPC® are registered service marks of the College for Financial PlanningBarron’s “America’s Top 1,000 Advisors: State-by-State” list, February 22, 2010. For information about the selection criteria, go to Barron’s Top Financial Advisors page. Barron’s is a trademark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All rights reserved




Client Commitment
 











Kevin Kolmer is registered to do business in : AK, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, IL, IN, LA, MA, MD, MI, MT, NC, NH, NJ, NM, NV, NY, OK, OR, PA, SC, TN, TX, VA, VT, WV, WY
Dylan R Atkins is registered to do business in : AK, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, IL, MD, MT, NC, NH, NJ, NM, NY, OH, PA, SC, TX, VA, VT
Kevin W Kolmer Jr. is registered to do business in : AK, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DE, FL, GA, IL, IN, LA, MA, MD, MI, MT, NC, NJ, NM, NV, NY, OK, OR, PA, SC, TN, TX, VA, VT, WV, WY
Christopher R. Kolmer is registered to do business in : AK, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, IL, IN, LA, MA, MD, MI, MT, NC, NJ, NM, NV, NY, OK, OR, PA, SC, TN, TX, VA, VT, WV, WY

For questions regarding registration information please contact your Financial Advisor.





















Top







Information for:
Corporations & Institutions Job Seekers Media & Journalists Shareholders










Discover Merrill Lynch:
About Us Working With Us Our Solutions Research & Insights Merrill Lynch Social Media










GET IN TOUCH:
Contact Us1.866.706.8321 9a.m. - 9p.m. EST (Mon-Fri)
CONNECT WITH US:


Flipboard


LinkedIn


Twitter


Youtube


















Site Map



Privacy & Security



Legal Information



MLPF&S Financial




BrokerCheck














Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Asset allocation, diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
Investment products, insurance and annuity products:

Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity


Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.

Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S"). Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, or U.S. Trust Company of Delaware. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.











Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
MLPF&S and U.S. Trust make available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation or in which Bank of America Corporation has a substantial economic interest.








            ©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
            











65BF8328 (JCF*******802)









   




















Kevin W Lynch | Free Public Records | PublicRecords360
















Login | Register








Search Options




First Name *



Middle Name



Last Name *



City



State

All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 








 


Safe Search


Your search is confidential. Kevin W Lynch will not be notified of your purchase.

 

Connect With Us











25 Matching Results!Showing Top 20. Use filters to see more.
Filter By Age:All Ages20 - 2930 - 3940 - 4950 - 5960 - 69Has lived in:All CitiesAL - Fort RuckerAL - MobileAZ - TucsonCA - NorthridgeCA - South PasadenaCA - TujungaCT - East HartfordCT - HartfordCT - KentCT - MorrisCT - SimsburyCT - W HartfordFL - HolidayFL - Lake WorthFL - NaplesFL - New Port RicheyFL - RiverviewGA - CantonGA - GainesvilleGA - GuytonGA - MariettaIL - ChicagoIL - RocktonLA - AlexandriaLA - BoyceLA - LeesvilleLA - PinevilleMA - HaverhillMD - BethesdaMD - Chevy ChaseMD - EssexMD - Glen BurnieMD - HyattsvilleMD - KensingtonMD - LaurelMD - ParkvilleMD - TowsonMI - Ann ArborMI - BrightonMI - JacksonMI - RedfordMN - ChanhassenMN - Eden PrairieMN - MoundMS - GautierMS - LucedaleMS - PascagoulaNH - DerryNH - EppingNH - ExeterNH - ManchesterNH - SalemNJ - AudubonNJ - CamdenNJ - Cherry HillNJ - CollingswoodNJ - Franklin ParkNJ - Haddon HeightsNJ - RidgefieldNV - RenoNV - SparksNY - AlbanyNY - AltamontNY - Del MarNY - EastchesterNY - LathamNY - MineolaNY - Pine PlainsNY - Rockville CentreNY - SlingerlandsNY - WatertownNY - WatervlietOH - Avon LakeOH - ClevelandOH - DaytonOH - WestlakePA - FairfieldPA - HarrisburgPA - PaoliPA - PhiladelphiaPA - WorcesterSC - CharlestonSC - Goose CreekSC - GreenvilleSC - GreerSC - HemingwaySC - JohnsonvilleSC - Lake CitySC - Moncks CornerSC - MooreSC - ScrantonSC - SimpsonvilleTN - MaryvilleTX - AddisonTX - AustinTX - CarrolltonTX - DallasTX - IrvingTX - WacoVA - ChesterfieldVA - SuffolkVA - Virginia BeachVA - YorktownWY - Encampment




Select a record below to get Complete Report
Aliases
Has lived in
Related to




 


View Details


Kevin W LynchAge 45


Lake City, SCScranton, SCWorcester, PAEastchester, NYPhiladelphia, PAJohnsonville, SCHemingway, SC
Wendell LynchAmelia LynchKyle LynchJimmy LynchWillie Lynch


 


View Details


Kevin W LynchAge 64

Kevin C LynchKevin P Lynch
Westlake, OHNaples, FLAnn Arbor, MICleveland, OHDayton, OHAvon Lake, OHBrighton, MI
Janis LynchTim LynchLeila LynchLarry LynchRichard Lynch


 


View Details


Kevin William LynchAge 63


Paoli, PAPhiladelphia, PACherry Hill, NJHarrisburg, PACamden, NJChicago, ILRiverview, FL
Mary LynchThomas Lynch


 


View Details


Kevin Worms LynchAge 58

Kevin C Worms-lynch
Eden Prairie, MNMound, MNChanhassen, MN
Katherine Worms-lynch


 


View Details


Kevin Warren LynchAge 63


Pascagoula, MSMobile, ALGautier, MSLucedale, MS
Christopher LynchWarren LynchJill LynchAnna LynchJennifer Lister


 


View Details


Kevin W LynchAge 49


Canton, GASalem, NHDerry, NHMaryville, TNHaverhill, MAMarietta, GA
Gayle LynchWilliam LynchKeith LynchFam LynchJacquelyn Lynch


 


View Details


Kevin LynchAge 30


Northridge, CASouth Pasadena, CAAustin, TXTujunga, CA
Sean LynchMichael LynchErin Lynch


 


View Details


Alvin Lloyd LynchAge 46


Waco, TXDallas, TXIrving, TXAddison, TXCarrollton, TX
Heaven LynchJoann LynchJeffrey LynchStacy RodriguezKevin Lynch


 


View Details


Kevin Wayne LynchAge 43


Waco, TXAustin, TXDallas, TXAddison, TXCarrollton, TX
Al LynchJoann LynchStacy RodriguezLinda Brekel


 


View Details


Kevin William LynchAge 65


Altamont, NYWatervliet, NYDel Mar, NYAlbany, NYChesterfield, VALatham, NYLake Worth, FL
Kathleen HoganRachel LynchIsaiah LynchBrianna LynchSharon Lynch


 


View Details


Kevin Wayne LynchAge 46


Greer, SCGreenville, SCGuyton, GASimpsonville, SCCharleston, SCGoose Creek, SCMoore, SC
Joan LynchRonald LynchVenita LynchScott Young


 


View Details


Kevin W LynchAge 50


W Hartford, CTHartford, CTRockton, ILMorris, CTPine Plains, NYKent, CTEast Hartford, CT
Alice LynchDeborah LynchAmy LynchPatricia FaganDebbie Lynch


 


View Details


Kevin Wayne LynchAge 61


Tucson, AZParkville, MDTowson, MDEssex, MD
Franches LynchFrances LynchBradley Lynch


 


View Details


Kevin W LynchAge 38


Leesville, LAExeter, NHEpping, NHFort Rucker, ALWatertown, NYManchester, NHYorktown, VA
Keith LynchClarence LynchHerbert LynchBell LynchLois Lynch


 


View Details


Kevin W LynchAge 46

Kevin M Lynch
Virginia Beach, VADel Mar, NYSuffolk, VAChesterfield, VA
Sharon LynchIsaiah LynchBrianna LynchRachel LynchLathan Porter


 


View Details


Kevin Wesley LynchAge 60


Bethesda, MDFairfield, PAKensington, MDChevy Chase, MD
Karen McgettiganJeannine LynchMaurice LynchKim LynchJohn Lynch


 


View Details


Kevin Wayne LynchAge 56

Kevin L Lynch
Greer, SCSimpsonville, SCGreenville, SCGoose Creek, SCMoncks Corner, SCCharleston, SC
Venita Lynch


 


View Details


Kevin W LynchAge 56


Laurel, MDFranklin Park, NJRidgefield, NJ
Joann LynchRobert LynchSusan PattersonMichael LynchAngele Lynch


 


View Details


Kevin W LynchAge 32


Redford, MIJackson, MIGainesville, GA
Deborah LynchHoward Lynch


 


View Details


Kevin Wylie LynchAge 41


Pineville, LABoyce, LAAlexandria, LA
Melissa LynchCharlotte LynchLeonard Lynch




 

PublicRecords360
is designed to help you safely find people and learn about others. PublicRecords360
does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual's eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA.
Learn more about FCRA restrictions. By using our website you agree to our Terms
of Service and Privacy Policy.









© copyright 2012 - 2017 PublicRecords360.com

Home

Notes

Terms

Privacy

Contact
























 





Kevin W. Lynch - a Mt. Laurel, New Jersey (NJ) Family Law Lawyer
      




FindLaw


Are you a legal Professional?
Visit our professional site
Law firm marketing






Updated 04/04/2011Your profile? Update now

Lynch, Kevin W.
Romando Zirulnik Sherlock & DeMille


309 Fellowship Road, Suite 330Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054




Phones: (856) 778-3220


Fax: (856) 778-3222





When viewing a listing, consider the state advertising restrictions to which lawyers and law firms must adhere, as well as our West Legal Directory disclaimers. Some lawyers publish comparative information regarding the services that they provide which may be subject to specific comparative communications restrictions.







Map Location

      		Please enable JavaScript to view the map.                    
	
View larger map/Directions »

How do I choose a lawyer?Consider the following: 
Comfort Level - Are you comfortable telling the lawyer personal
information? Does the lawyer seem interested in solving your problem? 
Credentials - How long has the lawyer been in practice? Has
the lawyer worked on other cases similar to yours? 
Cost - How are the lawyer's fees structured - hourly or flat
fee? Can the lawyer estimate the cost of your case? 
City - Is the lawyer's office conveniently located?
Not sure what questions to ask a lawyer?Here are a few to get you started:

How long have you been in practice?
How many cases like mine have you handled?
How often do you settle cases out of court?
What are your fees and costs?
What are the next steps?

Want to check lawyer discipline?Research
Lawyer Discipline.








Kevin A. Lynch - Wikipedia






















 






Kevin A. Lynch

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people called Kevin Lynch, see Kevin Lynch (disambiguation).


Kevin Lynch





Born
Kevin Andrew Lynch
(1918-01-07)January 7, 1918
Chicago, Illinois, United States


Died
April 25, 1984(1984-04-25) (aged 66)
Aquinnah, Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, United States


Occupation
Urban planner, scholar, writer


Awards
Rexford G. Tugwell Award (1984)





Academic background


Alma mater
Massachusetts Institute of Technology


Influences
Frank Lloyd Wright


Academic work


Institutions
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1949–1978)


Main interests
Urban planning; environmental psychology; urban form


Notable works
The Image of the City
What Time is This Place?
A Theory of Good Urban Form


Notable ideas
Mental mapping; wayfinding; imageability





Kevin Andrew Lynch (January 7, 1918 – April 25, 1984) was an American urban planner and author. He is known for his work on the perceptual form of urban environments and was an early proponent of mental mapping. His most influential books include The Image of the City (1960), a seminal work on the perceptual form of urban environments, and What Time is This Place? (1972), which theorizes how the physical environment captures and refigures temporal processes.
A student of architect Frank Lloyd Wright before training in city planning, Lynch spent his academic career at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, teaching there from 1948 to 1978. He practiced site planning and urban design professionally with Carr/Lynch Associates, later known as Carr, Lynch, and Sandell.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life and education
1.2 Academic career
1.3 Later life


2 The Image of the City
3 Personal life
4 Bibliography

4.1 Books
4.2 Selected articles
4.3 Book chapters
4.4 Edited volumes
4.5 Anthologies


5 Notes
6 References

6.1 References
6.2 Works Cited


7 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life and education[edit]
Lynch was born as the youngest child of an Irish American family on January 7, 1918.[1] He was raised in the Hazel Avenue neighborhood on the North Side of Chicago.[2] After graduating from the Francis Parker School in 1935, Lynch matriculated at Yale University intending to study architecture.[3] Finding its pedagogy too conservative, he left to study under Frank Lloyd Wright at Taliesin in Wisconsin.[4] Lynch later stated that Wright was a great influence, but disagreed with his individualistic social philosophy.[5] Leaving Wright after a year and a half, he enrolled Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York to study engineering in 1939, but did not complete the program and went to work for Chicago architect Paul Schweikher. In 1941, Lynch married Anne Borders, a fellow graduate of the Parker School.[6]
Three weeks after his wedding, Lynch was drafted into the Army Corps of Engineers, serving in the Philippines and Japan through 1944.[7] After the war, he completed his undergraduate education at MIT and received a Bachelor's degree in City Planning in 1947.[8]
Academic career[edit]
After graduation, Lynch began work in Greensboro, North Carolina as an urban planner but was soon recruited to teach at MIT by Lloyd Rodwin. He began lecturing at MIT the following year, becoming an assistant professor in 1949, a tenured associate professor in 1955, and a full professor in 1963.[8]
In 1954, after receiving a grant from the Ford Foundation to study urban form in Italy, Lynch and his MIT teaching colleague Gyorgy Kepes were awarded a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation to study perceptions of the urban environment and urban form.[n 1] Lynch and Kepes' research was published in 1960 as Lynch's book The Image of the City.[9] In 1970, Lynch received funding from UNESCO to study the use of cities by young people in urban areas of Salta, Melbourne, Toluca, and Krakow, a project summarized in his book Growing Up in Cities (1977).[10]
Lynch provided seminal contributions to the field of city planning through empirical research on how individuals perceive and navigate the urban landscape.[11] His books explore the presence of time and history in the urban environment, how urban environments affect children, and how to harness human perception of the physical form of cities and regions as the conceptual basis for good urban design.
Parallel to his academic work, Lynch practiced planning and urban design in partnership with Stephen Carr, with whom he founded Carr/Lynch Associates in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Later life[edit]
Lynch became professor emeritus in 1978, but continued to write and practice architecture.[11] He died of a heart attack at his summer home at Gay Head on Martha's Vineyard on April 25, 1984.[11]
The Image of the City[edit]
Lynch's most famous work, The Image of the City (1960), is the result of a five-year study on how observers take in information of the city. Using three American cities as examples (Boston, Jersey City and Los Angeles), Lynch reported that users understood their surroundings in consistent and predictable ways, forming mental maps with five elements:

paths, the streets, sidewalks, trails, and other channels in which people travel;
edges, perceived boundaries such as walls, buildings, and shorelines;
districts, relatively large sections of the city distinguished by some identity or character;
nodes, focal points, intersections or loci;
landmarks, readily identifiable objects which serve as external reference points.

In the same book, Lynch also coined the words "imageability" and "wayfinding". Image of the City has had important and durable influence in the fields of urban planning and environmental psychology.
Personal life[edit]
Anne Borders Lynch and Kevin Lynch were married in 1941 and had four children.[6] The Lynches were long-term residents of Martha's Vineyard, where Anne continued spending her summers until her death in 2011.[6]
Bibliography[edit]

Books[edit]

Lynch, Kevin (1960). The Image of the City. Cambridge MA: MIT Press. OL 5795447M. 
Lynch, Kevin; Hack, Gary (1962). Site Planning. MIT Press.  (2nd ed. 1971; 3rd ed. 1984)
Appleyard, Donald; Lynch, Kevin; Myer, John R (1964). The View from the Road. MIT Press. 
Lynch, Kevin (1972). What Time is this Place?. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12061-5. 
——— (1976). Managing the Sense of a Region. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12072-0.  (2nd ed. 1980)
——— (1981). A Theory of Good City Form. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12085-2.  (2nd ed. Good City Form 1984)
——— (1990). Southworth, Michael, ed. Wasting Away. San Francisco: Sierra Club Books. ISBN 0-87156-675-3. 

Selected articles[edit]

——— (April 1954). "The Form of Cities". Scientific American. 190 (4): 54–63. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0454-54. 
——— (1961). "The Pattern of the Metropolis". Daedalus. 90 (1): 79–98. 
——— (January 1961). "How We See Our Cities". MIT Technology Review. 63: 19–21. 
——— (September 1965). "The City as Environment". Scientific American. 213 (3): 209–219. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0965-209. 
——— (1984). "The Immature Arts of City Design". Places. 1 (3): 10–21. 

Book chapters[edit]

——— (1976). "Grounds for Utopia". EDRA 6: Responding to Social Change (PDF). The Environmental Design Research Association. pp. 27–46. 
——— (1984). "Reconsidering the Image of the City". In Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael. Cities of the Mind: Environment, Development, and Public Policy. Springer. pp. 151–161. 

Edited volumes[edit]

———, ed. (1977). Growing Up in Cities. MIT Press. ISBN 026212078X. 

Anthologies[edit]

——— (1990). Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael, eds. City Sense and City Design: Writings and Projects of Kevin Lynch. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12143-3. 


Notes[edit]



^ The Rockefeller Foundation grant was the first in a series of awards made during the 1950s and early 1960s to researchers studying urban design. Other recipients included Jane Jacobs, Ian McHarg and Edmund Bacon.



References[edit]
References[edit]


^ Andrade, Leonardo M.V. (2005). "Lynch, Kevin". In Caves, Roger W. Encyclopedia of the City. Routledge. pp. 297–298. ISBN 9780415252256. Retrieved 18 May 2015. 
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 10.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 10–12.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 12, 16.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 16.
^ a b c "Anne B. Lynch Loved Her Summers in Aquinnah". Vineyard Gazette. 17 March 2011. Retrieved 20 May 2015. 
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 19.
^ a b "Preliminary Inventory to the Papers of Kevin Lynch". MIT Libraries. Retrieved 17 May 2015. 
^ Laurence, Peter (2006). "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955-1965". Journal of Urban Design. 11 (2): 145–172. doi:10.1080/13574800600644001. 
^ Chawla, Louise (1997). "Growing up in cities: a report on research under way" (PDF). Environment & Urbanization. 9 (2). 
^ a b c Severo, Richard (3 May 1984). "Kevin A. Lynch, Pioneer Urban Theorist". New York Times. Retrieved 20 May 2015. 


Works Cited[edit]


Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael (1995). "Kevin Lynch: His Life and Works". In Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael. City Sense and City Design: Writings and Projects of Kevin Lynch. MIT Press. pp. 1–29. ISBN 978-0-262-62095-6. 


External links[edit]

"Kevin Andrew Lynch, 1918-1984, Papers, 1934-1988." at the MIT Institute Archives and Special Collections.
The Perceptual Form of the City Materials from Kevin Lynch and Gyorgy Kepes' Rockefeller-funded study of Boston, 1954-1959







v
t
e


Urban planning



General



Land use
Planning
Planning and zoning commission
Growth management
Development economics
Social sciences
Public policy





Major
branches




Urban



Land-use planning
Comprehensive planning (US)
Spatial planning (Eur)
Planned cities
Planned community / Model village
Redevelopment
Urban design





Rural



Conservation development
Preservation development
Rural housing
Village design statement (UK)





Regional



Regional Planning Association of America





Environmental



Environmental design
Environmental impact assessment
Environmental planning
Recreation resource planning
Sustainable development





Transportation planning



Transportation forecasting
Trip distribution
Rational planning model
Transit-oriented development
Professional transportation planner
Urban freight distribution





Economic Development



Community economic development








Concepts/
theories




Movements



Athens Charter
Car-free movement
City Beautiful movement
Dark-sky movement
Garden city movement
Indigenous planning
New Urbanism
Settlement movement
Smart Growth
Structuralism
Transition towns





Theories



Collaborative planning
Context theory
Ekistics
Intelligent urbanism
Livable streets
Radical planning
Urban acupuncture
Urban renewal





Concepts



Affordable housing
Cityscape
Cluster development
Creative city
Company town
Complete Communities
Eminent domain (US)
Gentrification
Infill
Healthy cities / Healthy community design
LEED-ND
Mixed-use development
Model cities
New town
Placemaking
Planned community
Planning gain
Planning Permission (U.K.)
Suburbia
Temporary use
Third place
Urban sprawl
Urbanization
Zoning








People




Theorists/
practitioners



Thomas Adams
Donald Appleyard
Edmund Bacon
Guy Benveniste
Colin Buchanan
Daniel Burnham
Peter Calthorpe
Konstantinos Doxiadis
Andrés Duany
Patrick Geddes
Ebenezer Howard
Kevin A. Lynch
Ian McHarg
Clarence Perry
James Rouse
Clarence Stein
Raymond Unwin
List of urban theorists
List of urban planners








Critics



Elizabeth Farrelly
Jane Jacobs
James Howard Kunstler
Lewis Mumford
Randal O'Toole








Related
disciplines



Architecture
Civil engineering
Urban ecology
Geography
Land development
Landscape architecture
Marine spatial planning
Public health
Real estate development








 Category
Index of urban planning articles
List of planned cities
List of planning journals
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 76390028
LCCN: n50043038
ISNI: 0000 0001 1448 4729
GND: 118966391
SUDOC: 032379501
BNF: cb12342050t (data)
ULAN: 500107647
NDL: 00448273










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kevin_A._Lynch&oldid=764657362"					
Categories: 1918 births1984 deathsEnvironmental psychologistsUrban theoristsAmerican architecture writersAmerican male writersAmerican academicsRensselaer Polytechnic Institute alumniMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniMIT School of Architecture and Planning faculty20th-century American writersHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةتۆرکجهČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoLietuvių日本語PortuguêsSlovenčinaکوردیSvenskaTiếng Việt 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 February 2017, at 04:44.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Kevin A. Lynch - Wikipedia






















 






Kevin A. Lynch

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people called Kevin Lynch, see Kevin Lynch (disambiguation).


Kevin Lynch





Born
Kevin Andrew Lynch
(1918-01-07)January 7, 1918
Chicago, Illinois, United States


Died
April 25, 1984(1984-04-25) (aged 66)
Aquinnah, Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, United States


Occupation
Urban planner, scholar, writer


Awards
Rexford G. Tugwell Award (1984)





Academic background


Alma mater
Massachusetts Institute of Technology


Influences
Frank Lloyd Wright


Academic work


Institutions
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1949–1978)


Main interests
Urban planning; environmental psychology; urban form


Notable works
The Image of the City
What Time is This Place?
A Theory of Good Urban Form


Notable ideas
Mental mapping; wayfinding; imageability





Kevin Andrew Lynch (January 7, 1918 – April 25, 1984) was an American urban planner and author. He is known for his work on the perceptual form of urban environments and was an early proponent of mental mapping. His most influential books include The Image of the City (1960), a seminal work on the perceptual form of urban environments, and What Time is This Place? (1972), which theorizes how the physical environment captures and refigures temporal processes.
A student of architect Frank Lloyd Wright before training in city planning, Lynch spent his academic career at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, teaching there from 1948 to 1978. He practiced site planning and urban design professionally with Carr/Lynch Associates, later known as Carr, Lynch, and Sandell.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life and education
1.2 Academic career
1.3 Later life


2 The Image of the City
3 Personal life
4 Bibliography

4.1 Books
4.2 Selected articles
4.3 Book chapters
4.4 Edited volumes
4.5 Anthologies


5 Notes
6 References

6.1 References
6.2 Works Cited


7 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life and education[edit]
Lynch was born as the youngest child of an Irish American family on January 7, 1918.[1] He was raised in the Hazel Avenue neighborhood on the North Side of Chicago.[2] After graduating from the Francis Parker School in 1935, Lynch matriculated at Yale University intending to study architecture.[3] Finding its pedagogy too conservative, he left to study under Frank Lloyd Wright at Taliesin in Wisconsin.[4] Lynch later stated that Wright was a great influence, but disagreed with his individualistic social philosophy.[5] Leaving Wright after a year and a half, he enrolled Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York to study engineering in 1939, but did not complete the program and went to work for Chicago architect Paul Schweikher. In 1941, Lynch married Anne Borders, a fellow graduate of the Parker School.[6]
Three weeks after his wedding, Lynch was drafted into the Army Corps of Engineers, serving in the Philippines and Japan through 1944.[7] After the war, he completed his undergraduate education at MIT and received a Bachelor's degree in City Planning in 1947.[8]
Academic career[edit]
After graduation, Lynch began work in Greensboro, North Carolina as an urban planner but was soon recruited to teach at MIT by Lloyd Rodwin. He began lecturing at MIT the following year, becoming an assistant professor in 1949, a tenured associate professor in 1955, and a full professor in 1963.[8]
In 1954, after receiving a grant from the Ford Foundation to study urban form in Italy, Lynch and his MIT teaching colleague Gyorgy Kepes were awarded a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation to study perceptions of the urban environment and urban form.[n 1] Lynch and Kepes' research was published in 1960 as Lynch's book The Image of the City.[9] In 1970, Lynch received funding from UNESCO to study the use of cities by young people in urban areas of Salta, Melbourne, Toluca, and Krakow, a project summarized in his book Growing Up in Cities (1977).[10]
Lynch provided seminal contributions to the field of city planning through empirical research on how individuals perceive and navigate the urban landscape.[11] His books explore the presence of time and history in the urban environment, how urban environments affect children, and how to harness human perception of the physical form of cities and regions as the conceptual basis for good urban design.
Parallel to his academic work, Lynch practiced planning and urban design in partnership with Stephen Carr, with whom he founded Carr/Lynch Associates in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Later life[edit]
Lynch became professor emeritus in 1978, but continued to write and practice architecture.[11] He died of a heart attack at his summer home at Gay Head on Martha's Vineyard on April 25, 1984.[11]
The Image of the City[edit]
Lynch's most famous work, The Image of the City (1960), is the result of a five-year study on how observers take in information of the city. Using three American cities as examples (Boston, Jersey City and Los Angeles), Lynch reported that users understood their surroundings in consistent and predictable ways, forming mental maps with five elements:

paths, the streets, sidewalks, trails, and other channels in which people travel;
edges, perceived boundaries such as walls, buildings, and shorelines;
districts, relatively large sections of the city distinguished by some identity or character;
nodes, focal points, intersections or loci;
landmarks, readily identifiable objects which serve as external reference points.

In the same book, Lynch also coined the words "imageability" and "wayfinding". Image of the City has had important and durable influence in the fields of urban planning and environmental psychology.
Personal life[edit]
Anne Borders Lynch and Kevin Lynch were married in 1941 and had four children.[6] The Lynches were long-term residents of Martha's Vineyard, where Anne continued spending her summers until her death in 2011.[6]
Bibliography[edit]

Books[edit]

Lynch, Kevin (1960). The Image of the City. Cambridge MA: MIT Press. OL 5795447M. 
Lynch, Kevin; Hack, Gary (1962). Site Planning. MIT Press.  (2nd ed. 1971; 3rd ed. 1984)
Appleyard, Donald; Lynch, Kevin; Myer, John R (1964). The View from the Road. MIT Press. 
Lynch, Kevin (1972). What Time is this Place?. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12061-5. 
——— (1976). Managing the Sense of a Region. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12072-0.  (2nd ed. 1980)
——— (1981). A Theory of Good City Form. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12085-2.  (2nd ed. Good City Form 1984)
——— (1990). Southworth, Michael, ed. Wasting Away. San Francisco: Sierra Club Books. ISBN 0-87156-675-3. 

Selected articles[edit]

——— (April 1954). "The Form of Cities". Scientific American. 190 (4): 54–63. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0454-54. 
——— (1961). "The Pattern of the Metropolis". Daedalus. 90 (1): 79–98. 
——— (January 1961). "How We See Our Cities". MIT Technology Review. 63: 19–21. 
——— (September 1965). "The City as Environment". Scientific American. 213 (3): 209–219. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0965-209. 
——— (1984). "The Immature Arts of City Design". Places. 1 (3): 10–21. 

Book chapters[edit]

——— (1976). "Grounds for Utopia". EDRA 6: Responding to Social Change (PDF). The Environmental Design Research Association. pp. 27–46. 
——— (1984). "Reconsidering the Image of the City". In Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael. Cities of the Mind: Environment, Development, and Public Policy. Springer. pp. 151–161. 

Edited volumes[edit]

———, ed. (1977). Growing Up in Cities. MIT Press. ISBN 026212078X. 

Anthologies[edit]

——— (1990). Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael, eds. City Sense and City Design: Writings and Projects of Kevin Lynch. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12143-3. 


Notes[edit]



^ The Rockefeller Foundation grant was the first in a series of awards made during the 1950s and early 1960s to researchers studying urban design. Other recipients included Jane Jacobs, Ian McHarg and Edmund Bacon.



References[edit]
References[edit]


^ Andrade, Leonardo M.V. (2005). "Lynch, Kevin". In Caves, Roger W. Encyclopedia of the City. Routledge. pp. 297–298. ISBN 9780415252256. Retrieved 18 May 2015. 
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 10.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 10–12.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 12, 16.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 16.
^ a b c "Anne B. Lynch Loved Her Summers in Aquinnah". Vineyard Gazette. 17 March 2011. Retrieved 20 May 2015. 
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 19.
^ a b "Preliminary Inventory to the Papers of Kevin Lynch". MIT Libraries. Retrieved 17 May 2015. 
^ Laurence, Peter (2006). "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955-1965". Journal of Urban Design. 11 (2): 145–172. doi:10.1080/13574800600644001. 
^ Chawla, Louise (1997). "Growing up in cities: a report on research under way" (PDF). Environment & Urbanization. 9 (2). 
^ a b c Severo, Richard (3 May 1984). "Kevin A. Lynch, Pioneer Urban Theorist". New York Times. Retrieved 20 May 2015. 


Works Cited[edit]


Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael (1995). "Kevin Lynch: His Life and Works". In Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael. City Sense and City Design: Writings and Projects of Kevin Lynch. MIT Press. pp. 1–29. ISBN 978-0-262-62095-6. 


External links[edit]

"Kevin Andrew Lynch, 1918-1984, Papers, 1934-1988." at the MIT Institute Archives and Special Collections.
The Perceptual Form of the City Materials from Kevin Lynch and Gyorgy Kepes' Rockefeller-funded study of Boston, 1954-1959







v
t
e


Urban planning



General



Land use
Planning
Planning and zoning commission
Growth management
Development economics
Social sciences
Public policy





Major
branches




Urban



Land-use planning
Comprehensive planning (US)
Spatial planning (Eur)
Planned cities
Planned community / Model village
Redevelopment
Urban design





Rural



Conservation development
Preservation development
Rural housing
Village design statement (UK)





Regional



Regional Planning Association of America





Environmental



Environmental design
Environmental impact assessment
Environmental planning
Recreation resource planning
Sustainable development





Transportation planning



Transportation forecasting
Trip distribution
Rational planning model
Transit-oriented development
Professional transportation planner
Urban freight distribution





Economic Development



Community economic development








Concepts/
theories




Movements



Athens Charter
Car-free movement
City Beautiful movement
Dark-sky movement
Garden city movement
Indigenous planning
New Urbanism
Settlement movement
Smart Growth
Structuralism
Transition towns





Theories



Collaborative planning
Context theory
Ekistics
Intelligent urbanism
Livable streets
Radical planning
Urban acupuncture
Urban renewal





Concepts



Affordable housing
Cityscape
Cluster development
Creative city
Company town
Complete Communities
Eminent domain (US)
Gentrification
Infill
Healthy cities / Healthy community design
LEED-ND
Mixed-use development
Model cities
New town
Placemaking
Planned community
Planning gain
Planning Permission (U.K.)
Suburbia
Temporary use
Third place
Urban sprawl
Urbanization
Zoning








People




Theorists/
practitioners



Thomas Adams
Donald Appleyard
Edmund Bacon
Guy Benveniste
Colin Buchanan
Daniel Burnham
Peter Calthorpe
Konstantinos Doxiadis
Andrés Duany
Patrick Geddes
Ebenezer Howard
Kevin A. Lynch
Ian McHarg
Clarence Perry
James Rouse
Clarence Stein
Raymond Unwin
List of urban theorists
List of urban planners








Critics



Elizabeth Farrelly
Jane Jacobs
James Howard Kunstler
Lewis Mumford
Randal O'Toole








Related
disciplines



Architecture
Civil engineering
Urban ecology
Geography
Land development
Landscape architecture
Marine spatial planning
Public health
Real estate development








 Category
Index of urban planning articles
List of planned cities
List of planning journals
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 76390028
LCCN: n50043038
ISNI: 0000 0001 1448 4729
GND: 118966391
SUDOC: 032379501
BNF: cb12342050t (data)
ULAN: 500107647
NDL: 00448273










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kevin_A._Lynch&oldid=764657362"					
Categories: 1918 births1984 deathsEnvironmental psychologistsUrban theoristsAmerican architecture writersAmerican male writersAmerican academicsRensselaer Polytechnic Institute alumniMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniMIT School of Architecture and Planning faculty20th-century American writersHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةتۆرکجهČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoLietuvių日本語PortuguêsSlovenčinaکوردیSvenskaTiếng Việt 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 February 2017, at 04:44.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Kevin A. Lynch - Wikipedia






















 






Kevin A. Lynch

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people called Kevin Lynch, see Kevin Lynch (disambiguation).


Kevin Lynch





Born
Kevin Andrew Lynch
(1918-01-07)January 7, 1918
Chicago, Illinois, United States


Died
April 25, 1984(1984-04-25) (aged 66)
Aquinnah, Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, United States


Occupation
Urban planner, scholar, writer


Awards
Rexford G. Tugwell Award (1984)





Academic background


Alma mater
Massachusetts Institute of Technology


Influences
Frank Lloyd Wright


Academic work


Institutions
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1949–1978)


Main interests
Urban planning; environmental psychology; urban form


Notable works
The Image of the City
What Time is This Place?
A Theory of Good Urban Form


Notable ideas
Mental mapping; wayfinding; imageability





Kevin Andrew Lynch (January 7, 1918 – April 25, 1984) was an American urban planner and author. He is known for his work on the perceptual form of urban environments and was an early proponent of mental mapping. His most influential books include The Image of the City (1960), a seminal work on the perceptual form of urban environments, and What Time is This Place? (1972), which theorizes how the physical environment captures and refigures temporal processes.
A student of architect Frank Lloyd Wright before training in city planning, Lynch spent his academic career at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, teaching there from 1948 to 1978. He practiced site planning and urban design professionally with Carr/Lynch Associates, later known as Carr, Lynch, and Sandell.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life and education
1.2 Academic career
1.3 Later life


2 The Image of the City
3 Personal life
4 Bibliography

4.1 Books
4.2 Selected articles
4.3 Book chapters
4.4 Edited volumes
4.5 Anthologies


5 Notes
6 References

6.1 References
6.2 Works Cited


7 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life and education[edit]
Lynch was born as the youngest child of an Irish American family on January 7, 1918.[1] He was raised in the Hazel Avenue neighborhood on the North Side of Chicago.[2] After graduating from the Francis Parker School in 1935, Lynch matriculated at Yale University intending to study architecture.[3] Finding its pedagogy too conservative, he left to study under Frank Lloyd Wright at Taliesin in Wisconsin.[4] Lynch later stated that Wright was a great influence, but disagreed with his individualistic social philosophy.[5] Leaving Wright after a year and a half, he enrolled Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York to study engineering in 1939, but did not complete the program and went to work for Chicago architect Paul Schweikher. In 1941, Lynch married Anne Borders, a fellow graduate of the Parker School.[6]
Three weeks after his wedding, Lynch was drafted into the Army Corps of Engineers, serving in the Philippines and Japan through 1944.[7] After the war, he completed his undergraduate education at MIT and received a Bachelor's degree in City Planning in 1947.[8]
Academic career[edit]
After graduation, Lynch began work in Greensboro, North Carolina as an urban planner but was soon recruited to teach at MIT by Lloyd Rodwin. He began lecturing at MIT the following year, becoming an assistant professor in 1949, a tenured associate professor in 1955, and a full professor in 1963.[8]
In 1954, after receiving a grant from the Ford Foundation to study urban form in Italy, Lynch and his MIT teaching colleague Gyorgy Kepes were awarded a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation to study perceptions of the urban environment and urban form.[n 1] Lynch and Kepes' research was published in 1960 as Lynch's book The Image of the City.[9] In 1970, Lynch received funding from UNESCO to study the use of cities by young people in urban areas of Salta, Melbourne, Toluca, and Krakow, a project summarized in his book Growing Up in Cities (1977).[10]
Lynch provided seminal contributions to the field of city planning through empirical research on how individuals perceive and navigate the urban landscape.[11] His books explore the presence of time and history in the urban environment, how urban environments affect children, and how to harness human perception of the physical form of cities and regions as the conceptual basis for good urban design.
Parallel to his academic work, Lynch practiced planning and urban design in partnership with Stephen Carr, with whom he founded Carr/Lynch Associates in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Later life[edit]
Lynch became professor emeritus in 1978, but continued to write and practice architecture.[11] He died of a heart attack at his summer home at Gay Head on Martha's Vineyard on April 25, 1984.[11]
The Image of the City[edit]
Lynch's most famous work, The Image of the City (1960), is the result of a five-year study on how observers take in information of the city. Using three American cities as examples (Boston, Jersey City and Los Angeles), Lynch reported that users understood their surroundings in consistent and predictable ways, forming mental maps with five elements:

paths, the streets, sidewalks, trails, and other channels in which people travel;
edges, perceived boundaries such as walls, buildings, and shorelines;
districts, relatively large sections of the city distinguished by some identity or character;
nodes, focal points, intersections or loci;
landmarks, readily identifiable objects which serve as external reference points.

In the same book, Lynch also coined the words "imageability" and "wayfinding". Image of the City has had important and durable influence in the fields of urban planning and environmental psychology.
Personal life[edit]
Anne Borders Lynch and Kevin Lynch were married in 1941 and had four children.[6] The Lynches were long-term residents of Martha's Vineyard, where Anne continued spending her summers until her death in 2011.[6]
Bibliography[edit]

Books[edit]

Lynch, Kevin (1960). The Image of the City. Cambridge MA: MIT Press. OL 5795447M. 
Lynch, Kevin; Hack, Gary (1962). Site Planning. MIT Press.  (2nd ed. 1971; 3rd ed. 1984)
Appleyard, Donald; Lynch, Kevin; Myer, John R (1964). The View from the Road. MIT Press. 
Lynch, Kevin (1972). What Time is this Place?. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12061-5. 
——— (1976). Managing the Sense of a Region. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12072-0.  (2nd ed. 1980)
——— (1981). A Theory of Good City Form. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12085-2.  (2nd ed. Good City Form 1984)
——— (1990). Southworth, Michael, ed. Wasting Away. San Francisco: Sierra Club Books. ISBN 0-87156-675-3. 

Selected articles[edit]

——— (April 1954). "The Form of Cities". Scientific American. 190 (4): 54–63. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0454-54. 
——— (1961). "The Pattern of the Metropolis". Daedalus. 90 (1): 79–98. 
——— (January 1961). "How We See Our Cities". MIT Technology Review. 63: 19–21. 
——— (September 1965). "The City as Environment". Scientific American. 213 (3): 209–219. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0965-209. 
——— (1984). "The Immature Arts of City Design". Places. 1 (3): 10–21. 

Book chapters[edit]

——— (1976). "Grounds for Utopia". EDRA 6: Responding to Social Change (PDF). The Environmental Design Research Association. pp. 27–46. 
——— (1984). "Reconsidering the Image of the City". In Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael. Cities of the Mind: Environment, Development, and Public Policy. Springer. pp. 151–161. 

Edited volumes[edit]

———, ed. (1977). Growing Up in Cities. MIT Press. ISBN 026212078X. 

Anthologies[edit]

——— (1990). Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael, eds. City Sense and City Design: Writings and Projects of Kevin Lynch. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12143-3. 


Notes[edit]



^ The Rockefeller Foundation grant was the first in a series of awards made during the 1950s and early 1960s to researchers studying urban design. Other recipients included Jane Jacobs, Ian McHarg and Edmund Bacon.



References[edit]
References[edit]


^ Andrade, Leonardo M.V. (2005). "Lynch, Kevin". In Caves, Roger W. Encyclopedia of the City. Routledge. pp. 297–298. ISBN 9780415252256. Retrieved 18 May 2015. 
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 10.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 10–12.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 12, 16.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 16.
^ a b c "Anne B. Lynch Loved Her Summers in Aquinnah". Vineyard Gazette. 17 March 2011. Retrieved 20 May 2015. 
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 19.
^ a b "Preliminary Inventory to the Papers of Kevin Lynch". MIT Libraries. Retrieved 17 May 2015. 
^ Laurence, Peter (2006). "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955-1965". Journal of Urban Design. 11 (2): 145–172. doi:10.1080/13574800600644001. 
^ Chawla, Louise (1997). "Growing up in cities: a report on research under way" (PDF). Environment & Urbanization. 9 (2). 
^ a b c Severo, Richard (3 May 1984). "Kevin A. Lynch, Pioneer Urban Theorist". New York Times. Retrieved 20 May 2015. 


Works Cited[edit]


Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael (1995). "Kevin Lynch: His Life and Works". In Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael. City Sense and City Design: Writings and Projects of Kevin Lynch. MIT Press. pp. 1–29. ISBN 978-0-262-62095-6. 


External links[edit]

"Kevin Andrew Lynch, 1918-1984, Papers, 1934-1988." at the MIT Institute Archives and Special Collections.
The Perceptual Form of the City Materials from Kevin Lynch and Gyorgy Kepes' Rockefeller-funded study of Boston, 1954-1959







v
t
e


Urban planning



General



Land use
Planning
Planning and zoning commission
Growth management
Development economics
Social sciences
Public policy





Major
branches




Urban



Land-use planning
Comprehensive planning (US)
Spatial planning (Eur)
Planned cities
Planned community / Model village
Redevelopment
Urban design





Rural



Conservation development
Preservation development
Rural housing
Village design statement (UK)





Regional



Regional Planning Association of America





Environmental



Environmental design
Environmental impact assessment
Environmental planning
Recreation resource planning
Sustainable development





Transportation planning



Transportation forecasting
Trip distribution
Rational planning model
Transit-oriented development
Professional transportation planner
Urban freight distribution





Economic Development



Community economic development








Concepts/
theories




Movements



Athens Charter
Car-free movement
City Beautiful movement
Dark-sky movement
Garden city movement
Indigenous planning
New Urbanism
Settlement movement
Smart Growth
Structuralism
Transition towns





Theories



Collaborative planning
Context theory
Ekistics
Intelligent urbanism
Livable streets
Radical planning
Urban acupuncture
Urban renewal





Concepts



Affordable housing
Cityscape
Cluster development
Creative city
Company town
Complete Communities
Eminent domain (US)
Gentrification
Infill
Healthy cities / Healthy community design
LEED-ND
Mixed-use development
Model cities
New town
Placemaking
Planned community
Planning gain
Planning Permission (U.K.)
Suburbia
Temporary use
Third place
Urban sprawl
Urbanization
Zoning








People




Theorists/
practitioners



Thomas Adams
Donald Appleyard
Edmund Bacon
Guy Benveniste
Colin Buchanan
Daniel Burnham
Peter Calthorpe
Konstantinos Doxiadis
Andrés Duany
Patrick Geddes
Ebenezer Howard
Kevin A. Lynch
Ian McHarg
Clarence Perry
James Rouse
Clarence Stein
Raymond Unwin
List of urban theorists
List of urban planners








Critics



Elizabeth Farrelly
Jane Jacobs
James Howard Kunstler
Lewis Mumford
Randal O'Toole








Related
disciplines



Architecture
Civil engineering
Urban ecology
Geography
Land development
Landscape architecture
Marine spatial planning
Public health
Real estate development








 Category
Index of urban planning articles
List of planned cities
List of planning journals
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 76390028
LCCN: n50043038
ISNI: 0000 0001 1448 4729
GND: 118966391
SUDOC: 032379501
BNF: cb12342050t (data)
ULAN: 500107647
NDL: 00448273










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kevin_A._Lynch&oldid=764657362"					
Categories: 1918 births1984 deathsEnvironmental psychologistsUrban theoristsAmerican architecture writersAmerican male writersAmerican academicsRensselaer Polytechnic Institute alumniMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniMIT School of Architecture and Planning faculty20th-century American writersHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةتۆرکجهČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoLietuvių日本語PortuguêsSlovenčinaکوردیSvenskaTiếng Việt 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 February 2017, at 04:44.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Kevin A. Lynch - Wikipedia






















 






Kevin A. Lynch

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people called Kevin Lynch, see Kevin Lynch (disambiguation).


Kevin Lynch





Born
Kevin Andrew Lynch
(1918-01-07)January 7, 1918
Chicago, Illinois, United States


Died
April 25, 1984(1984-04-25) (aged 66)
Aquinnah, Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, United States


Occupation
Urban planner, scholar, writer


Awards
Rexford G. Tugwell Award (1984)





Academic background


Alma mater
Massachusetts Institute of Technology


Influences
Frank Lloyd Wright


Academic work


Institutions
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1949–1978)


Main interests
Urban planning; environmental psychology; urban form


Notable works
The Image of the City
What Time is This Place?
A Theory of Good Urban Form


Notable ideas
Mental mapping; wayfinding; imageability





Kevin Andrew Lynch (January 7, 1918 – April 25, 1984) was an American urban planner and author. He is known for his work on the perceptual form of urban environments and was an early proponent of mental mapping. His most influential books include The Image of the City (1960), a seminal work on the perceptual form of urban environments, and What Time is This Place? (1972), which theorizes how the physical environment captures and refigures temporal processes.
A student of architect Frank Lloyd Wright before training in city planning, Lynch spent his academic career at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, teaching there from 1948 to 1978. He practiced site planning and urban design professionally with Carr/Lynch Associates, later known as Carr, Lynch, and Sandell.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life and education
1.2 Academic career
1.3 Later life


2 The Image of the City
3 Personal life
4 Bibliography

4.1 Books
4.2 Selected articles
4.3 Book chapters
4.4 Edited volumes
4.5 Anthologies


5 Notes
6 References

6.1 References
6.2 Works Cited


7 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life and education[edit]
Lynch was born as the youngest child of an Irish American family on January 7, 1918.[1] He was raised in the Hazel Avenue neighborhood on the North Side of Chicago.[2] After graduating from the Francis Parker School in 1935, Lynch matriculated at Yale University intending to study architecture.[3] Finding its pedagogy too conservative, he left to study under Frank Lloyd Wright at Taliesin in Wisconsin.[4] Lynch later stated that Wright was a great influence, but disagreed with his individualistic social philosophy.[5] Leaving Wright after a year and a half, he enrolled Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York to study engineering in 1939, but did not complete the program and went to work for Chicago architect Paul Schweikher. In 1941, Lynch married Anne Borders, a fellow graduate of the Parker School.[6]
Three weeks after his wedding, Lynch was drafted into the Army Corps of Engineers, serving in the Philippines and Japan through 1944.[7] After the war, he completed his undergraduate education at MIT and received a Bachelor's degree in City Planning in 1947.[8]
Academic career[edit]
After graduation, Lynch began work in Greensboro, North Carolina as an urban planner but was soon recruited to teach at MIT by Lloyd Rodwin. He began lecturing at MIT the following year, becoming an assistant professor in 1949, a tenured associate professor in 1955, and a full professor in 1963.[8]
In 1954, after receiving a grant from the Ford Foundation to study urban form in Italy, Lynch and his MIT teaching colleague Gyorgy Kepes were awarded a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation to study perceptions of the urban environment and urban form.[n 1] Lynch and Kepes' research was published in 1960 as Lynch's book The Image of the City.[9] In 1970, Lynch received funding from UNESCO to study the use of cities by young people in urban areas of Salta, Melbourne, Toluca, and Krakow, a project summarized in his book Growing Up in Cities (1977).[10]
Lynch provided seminal contributions to the field of city planning through empirical research on how individuals perceive and navigate the urban landscape.[11] His books explore the presence of time and history in the urban environment, how urban environments affect children, and how to harness human perception of the physical form of cities and regions as the conceptual basis for good urban design.
Parallel to his academic work, Lynch practiced planning and urban design in partnership with Stephen Carr, with whom he founded Carr/Lynch Associates in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Later life[edit]
Lynch became professor emeritus in 1978, but continued to write and practice architecture.[11] He died of a heart attack at his summer home at Gay Head on Martha's Vineyard on April 25, 1984.[11]
The Image of the City[edit]
Lynch's most famous work, The Image of the City (1960), is the result of a five-year study on how observers take in information of the city. Using three American cities as examples (Boston, Jersey City and Los Angeles), Lynch reported that users understood their surroundings in consistent and predictable ways, forming mental maps with five elements:

paths, the streets, sidewalks, trails, and other channels in which people travel;
edges, perceived boundaries such as walls, buildings, and shorelines;
districts, relatively large sections of the city distinguished by some identity or character;
nodes, focal points, intersections or loci;
landmarks, readily identifiable objects which serve as external reference points.

In the same book, Lynch also coined the words "imageability" and "wayfinding". Image of the City has had important and durable influence in the fields of urban planning and environmental psychology.
Personal life[edit]
Anne Borders Lynch and Kevin Lynch were married in 1941 and had four children.[6] The Lynches were long-term residents of Martha's Vineyard, where Anne continued spending her summers until her death in 2011.[6]
Bibliography[edit]

Books[edit]

Lynch, Kevin (1960). The Image of the City. Cambridge MA: MIT Press. OL 5795447M. 
Lynch, Kevin; Hack, Gary (1962). Site Planning. MIT Press.  (2nd ed. 1971; 3rd ed. 1984)
Appleyard, Donald; Lynch, Kevin; Myer, John R (1964). The View from the Road. MIT Press. 
Lynch, Kevin (1972). What Time is this Place?. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12061-5. 
——— (1976). Managing the Sense of a Region. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12072-0.  (2nd ed. 1980)
——— (1981). A Theory of Good City Form. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12085-2.  (2nd ed. Good City Form 1984)
——— (1990). Southworth, Michael, ed. Wasting Away. San Francisco: Sierra Club Books. ISBN 0-87156-675-3. 

Selected articles[edit]

——— (April 1954). "The Form of Cities". Scientific American. 190 (4): 54–63. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0454-54. 
——— (1961). "The Pattern of the Metropolis". Daedalus. 90 (1): 79–98. 
——— (January 1961). "How We See Our Cities". MIT Technology Review. 63: 19–21. 
——— (September 1965). "The City as Environment". Scientific American. 213 (3): 209–219. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0965-209. 
——— (1984). "The Immature Arts of City Design". Places. 1 (3): 10–21. 

Book chapters[edit]

——— (1976). "Grounds for Utopia". EDRA 6: Responding to Social Change (PDF). The Environmental Design Research Association. pp. 27–46. 
——— (1984). "Reconsidering the Image of the City". In Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael. Cities of the Mind: Environment, Development, and Public Policy. Springer. pp. 151–161. 

Edited volumes[edit]

———, ed. (1977). Growing Up in Cities. MIT Press. ISBN 026212078X. 

Anthologies[edit]

——— (1990). Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael, eds. City Sense and City Design: Writings and Projects of Kevin Lynch. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12143-3. 


Notes[edit]



^ The Rockefeller Foundation grant was the first in a series of awards made during the 1950s and early 1960s to researchers studying urban design. Other recipients included Jane Jacobs, Ian McHarg and Edmund Bacon.



References[edit]
References[edit]


^ Andrade, Leonardo M.V. (2005). "Lynch, Kevin". In Caves, Roger W. Encyclopedia of the City. Routledge. pp. 297–298. ISBN 9780415252256. Retrieved 18 May 2015. 
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 10.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 10–12.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 12, 16.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 16.
^ a b c "Anne B. Lynch Loved Her Summers in Aquinnah". Vineyard Gazette. 17 March 2011. Retrieved 20 May 2015. 
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 19.
^ a b "Preliminary Inventory to the Papers of Kevin Lynch". MIT Libraries. Retrieved 17 May 2015. 
^ Laurence, Peter (2006). "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955-1965". Journal of Urban Design. 11 (2): 145–172. doi:10.1080/13574800600644001. 
^ Chawla, Louise (1997). "Growing up in cities: a report on research under way" (PDF). Environment & Urbanization. 9 (2). 
^ a b c Severo, Richard (3 May 1984). "Kevin A. Lynch, Pioneer Urban Theorist". New York Times. Retrieved 20 May 2015. 


Works Cited[edit]


Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael (1995). "Kevin Lynch: His Life and Works". In Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael. City Sense and City Design: Writings and Projects of Kevin Lynch. MIT Press. pp. 1–29. ISBN 978-0-262-62095-6. 


External links[edit]

"Kevin Andrew Lynch, 1918-1984, Papers, 1934-1988." at the MIT Institute Archives and Special Collections.
The Perceptual Form of the City Materials from Kevin Lynch and Gyorgy Kepes' Rockefeller-funded study of Boston, 1954-1959







v
t
e


Urban planning



General



Land use
Planning
Planning and zoning commission
Growth management
Development economics
Social sciences
Public policy





Major
branches




Urban



Land-use planning
Comprehensive planning (US)
Spatial planning (Eur)
Planned cities
Planned community / Model village
Redevelopment
Urban design





Rural



Conservation development
Preservation development
Rural housing
Village design statement (UK)





Regional



Regional Planning Association of America





Environmental



Environmental design
Environmental impact assessment
Environmental planning
Recreation resource planning
Sustainable development





Transportation planning



Transportation forecasting
Trip distribution
Rational planning model
Transit-oriented development
Professional transportation planner
Urban freight distribution





Economic Development



Community economic development








Concepts/
theories




Movements



Athens Charter
Car-free movement
City Beautiful movement
Dark-sky movement
Garden city movement
Indigenous planning
New Urbanism
Settlement movement
Smart Growth
Structuralism
Transition towns





Theories



Collaborative planning
Context theory
Ekistics
Intelligent urbanism
Livable streets
Radical planning
Urban acupuncture
Urban renewal





Concepts



Affordable housing
Cityscape
Cluster development
Creative city
Company town
Complete Communities
Eminent domain (US)
Gentrification
Infill
Healthy cities / Healthy community design
LEED-ND
Mixed-use development
Model cities
New town
Placemaking
Planned community
Planning gain
Planning Permission (U.K.)
Suburbia
Temporary use
Third place
Urban sprawl
Urbanization
Zoning








People




Theorists/
practitioners



Thomas Adams
Donald Appleyard
Edmund Bacon
Guy Benveniste
Colin Buchanan
Daniel Burnham
Peter Calthorpe
Konstantinos Doxiadis
Andrés Duany
Patrick Geddes
Ebenezer Howard
Kevin A. Lynch
Ian McHarg
Clarence Perry
James Rouse
Clarence Stein
Raymond Unwin
List of urban theorists
List of urban planners








Critics



Elizabeth Farrelly
Jane Jacobs
James Howard Kunstler
Lewis Mumford
Randal O'Toole








Related
disciplines



Architecture
Civil engineering
Urban ecology
Geography
Land development
Landscape architecture
Marine spatial planning
Public health
Real estate development








 Category
Index of urban planning articles
List of planned cities
List of planning journals
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 76390028
LCCN: n50043038
ISNI: 0000 0001 1448 4729
GND: 118966391
SUDOC: 032379501
BNF: cb12342050t (data)
ULAN: 500107647
NDL: 00448273










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kevin_A._Lynch&oldid=764657362"					
Categories: 1918 births1984 deathsEnvironmental psychologistsUrban theoristsAmerican architecture writersAmerican male writersAmerican academicsRensselaer Polytechnic Institute alumniMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniMIT School of Architecture and Planning faculty20th-century American writersHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةتۆرکجهČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoLietuvių日本語PortuguêsSlovenčinaکوردیSvenskaTiếng Việt 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 February 2017, at 04:44.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Kevin A. Lynch - Wikipedia






















 






Kevin A. Lynch

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people called Kevin Lynch, see Kevin Lynch (disambiguation).


Kevin Lynch





Born
Kevin Andrew Lynch
(1918-01-07)January 7, 1918
Chicago, Illinois, United States


Died
April 25, 1984(1984-04-25) (aged 66)
Aquinnah, Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, United States


Occupation
Urban planner, scholar, writer


Awards
Rexford G. Tugwell Award (1984)





Academic background


Alma mater
Massachusetts Institute of Technology


Influences
Frank Lloyd Wright


Academic work


Institutions
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1949–1978)


Main interests
Urban planning; environmental psychology; urban form


Notable works
The Image of the City
What Time is This Place?
A Theory of Good Urban Form


Notable ideas
Mental mapping; wayfinding; imageability





Kevin Andrew Lynch (January 7, 1918 – April 25, 1984) was an American urban planner and author. He is known for his work on the perceptual form of urban environments and was an early proponent of mental mapping. His most influential books include The Image of the City (1960), a seminal work on the perceptual form of urban environments, and What Time is This Place? (1972), which theorizes how the physical environment captures and refigures temporal processes.
A student of architect Frank Lloyd Wright before training in city planning, Lynch spent his academic career at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, teaching there from 1948 to 1978. He practiced site planning and urban design professionally with Carr/Lynch Associates, later known as Carr, Lynch, and Sandell.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life and education
1.2 Academic career
1.3 Later life


2 The Image of the City
3 Personal life
4 Bibliography

4.1 Books
4.2 Selected articles
4.3 Book chapters
4.4 Edited volumes
4.5 Anthologies


5 Notes
6 References

6.1 References
6.2 Works Cited


7 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life and education[edit]
Lynch was born as the youngest child of an Irish American family on January 7, 1918.[1] He was raised in the Hazel Avenue neighborhood on the North Side of Chicago.[2] After graduating from the Francis Parker School in 1935, Lynch matriculated at Yale University intending to study architecture.[3] Finding its pedagogy too conservative, he left to study under Frank Lloyd Wright at Taliesin in Wisconsin.[4] Lynch later stated that Wright was a great influence, but disagreed with his individualistic social philosophy.[5] Leaving Wright after a year and a half, he enrolled Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York to study engineering in 1939, but did not complete the program and went to work for Chicago architect Paul Schweikher. In 1941, Lynch married Anne Borders, a fellow graduate of the Parker School.[6]
Three weeks after his wedding, Lynch was drafted into the Army Corps of Engineers, serving in the Philippines and Japan through 1944.[7] After the war, he completed his undergraduate education at MIT and received a Bachelor's degree in City Planning in 1947.[8]
Academic career[edit]
After graduation, Lynch began work in Greensboro, North Carolina as an urban planner but was soon recruited to teach at MIT by Lloyd Rodwin. He began lecturing at MIT the following year, becoming an assistant professor in 1949, a tenured associate professor in 1955, and a full professor in 1963.[8]
In 1954, after receiving a grant from the Ford Foundation to study urban form in Italy, Lynch and his MIT teaching colleague Gyorgy Kepes were awarded a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation to study perceptions of the urban environment and urban form.[n 1] Lynch and Kepes' research was published in 1960 as Lynch's book The Image of the City.[9] In 1970, Lynch received funding from UNESCO to study the use of cities by young people in urban areas of Salta, Melbourne, Toluca, and Krakow, a project summarized in his book Growing Up in Cities (1977).[10]
Lynch provided seminal contributions to the field of city planning through empirical research on how individuals perceive and navigate the urban landscape.[11] His books explore the presence of time and history in the urban environment, how urban environments affect children, and how to harness human perception of the physical form of cities and regions as the conceptual basis for good urban design.
Parallel to his academic work, Lynch practiced planning and urban design in partnership with Stephen Carr, with whom he founded Carr/Lynch Associates in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Later life[edit]
Lynch became professor emeritus in 1978, but continued to write and practice architecture.[11] He died of a heart attack at his summer home at Gay Head on Martha's Vineyard on April 25, 1984.[11]
The Image of the City[edit]
Lynch's most famous work, The Image of the City (1960), is the result of a five-year study on how observers take in information of the city. Using three American cities as examples (Boston, Jersey City and Los Angeles), Lynch reported that users understood their surroundings in consistent and predictable ways, forming mental maps with five elements:

paths, the streets, sidewalks, trails, and other channels in which people travel;
edges, perceived boundaries such as walls, buildings, and shorelines;
districts, relatively large sections of the city distinguished by some identity or character;
nodes, focal points, intersections or loci;
landmarks, readily identifiable objects which serve as external reference points.

In the same book, Lynch also coined the words "imageability" and "wayfinding". Image of the City has had important and durable influence in the fields of urban planning and environmental psychology.
Personal life[edit]
Anne Borders Lynch and Kevin Lynch were married in 1941 and had four children.[6] The Lynches were long-term residents of Martha's Vineyard, where Anne continued spending her summers until her death in 2011.[6]
Bibliography[edit]

Books[edit]

Lynch, Kevin (1960). The Image of the City. Cambridge MA: MIT Press. OL 5795447M. 
Lynch, Kevin; Hack, Gary (1962). Site Planning. MIT Press.  (2nd ed. 1971; 3rd ed. 1984)
Appleyard, Donald; Lynch, Kevin; Myer, John R (1964). The View from the Road. MIT Press. 
Lynch, Kevin (1972). What Time is this Place?. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12061-5. 
——— (1976). Managing the Sense of a Region. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12072-0.  (2nd ed. 1980)
——— (1981). A Theory of Good City Form. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12085-2.  (2nd ed. Good City Form 1984)
——— (1990). Southworth, Michael, ed. Wasting Away. San Francisco: Sierra Club Books. ISBN 0-87156-675-3. 

Selected articles[edit]

——— (April 1954). "The Form of Cities". Scientific American. 190 (4): 54–63. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0454-54. 
——— (1961). "The Pattern of the Metropolis". Daedalus. 90 (1): 79–98. 
——— (January 1961). "How We See Our Cities". MIT Technology Review. 63: 19–21. 
——— (September 1965). "The City as Environment". Scientific American. 213 (3): 209–219. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0965-209. 
——— (1984). "The Immature Arts of City Design". Places. 1 (3): 10–21. 

Book chapters[edit]

——— (1976). "Grounds for Utopia". EDRA 6: Responding to Social Change (PDF). The Environmental Design Research Association. pp. 27–46. 
——— (1984). "Reconsidering the Image of the City". In Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael. Cities of the Mind: Environment, Development, and Public Policy. Springer. pp. 151–161. 

Edited volumes[edit]

———, ed. (1977). Growing Up in Cities. MIT Press. ISBN 026212078X. 

Anthologies[edit]

——— (1990). Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael, eds. City Sense and City Design: Writings and Projects of Kevin Lynch. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12143-3. 


Notes[edit]



^ The Rockefeller Foundation grant was the first in a series of awards made during the 1950s and early 1960s to researchers studying urban design. Other recipients included Jane Jacobs, Ian McHarg and Edmund Bacon.



References[edit]
References[edit]


^ Andrade, Leonardo M.V. (2005). "Lynch, Kevin". In Caves, Roger W. Encyclopedia of the City. Routledge. pp. 297–298. ISBN 9780415252256. Retrieved 18 May 2015. 
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 10.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 10–12.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 12, 16.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 16.
^ a b c "Anne B. Lynch Loved Her Summers in Aquinnah". Vineyard Gazette. 17 March 2011. Retrieved 20 May 2015. 
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 19.
^ a b "Preliminary Inventory to the Papers of Kevin Lynch". MIT Libraries. Retrieved 17 May 2015. 
^ Laurence, Peter (2006). "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955-1965". Journal of Urban Design. 11 (2): 145–172. doi:10.1080/13574800600644001. 
^ Chawla, Louise (1997). "Growing up in cities: a report on research under way" (PDF). Environment & Urbanization. 9 (2). 
^ a b c Severo, Richard (3 May 1984). "Kevin A. Lynch, Pioneer Urban Theorist". New York Times. Retrieved 20 May 2015. 


Works Cited[edit]


Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael (1995). "Kevin Lynch: His Life and Works". In Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael. City Sense and City Design: Writings and Projects of Kevin Lynch. MIT Press. pp. 1–29. ISBN 978-0-262-62095-6. 


External links[edit]

"Kevin Andrew Lynch, 1918-1984, Papers, 1934-1988." at the MIT Institute Archives and Special Collections.
The Perceptual Form of the City Materials from Kevin Lynch and Gyorgy Kepes' Rockefeller-funded study of Boston, 1954-1959







v
t
e


Urban planning



General



Land use
Planning
Planning and zoning commission
Growth management
Development economics
Social sciences
Public policy





Major
branches




Urban



Land-use planning
Comprehensive planning (US)
Spatial planning (Eur)
Planned cities
Planned community / Model village
Redevelopment
Urban design





Rural



Conservation development
Preservation development
Rural housing
Village design statement (UK)





Regional



Regional Planning Association of America





Environmental



Environmental design
Environmental impact assessment
Environmental planning
Recreation resource planning
Sustainable development





Transportation planning



Transportation forecasting
Trip distribution
Rational planning model
Transit-oriented development
Professional transportation planner
Urban freight distribution





Economic Development



Community economic development








Concepts/
theories




Movements



Athens Charter
Car-free movement
City Beautiful movement
Dark-sky movement
Garden city movement
Indigenous planning
New Urbanism
Settlement movement
Smart Growth
Structuralism
Transition towns





Theories



Collaborative planning
Context theory
Ekistics
Intelligent urbanism
Livable streets
Radical planning
Urban acupuncture
Urban renewal





Concepts



Affordable housing
Cityscape
Cluster development
Creative city
Company town
Complete Communities
Eminent domain (US)
Gentrification
Infill
Healthy cities / Healthy community design
LEED-ND
Mixed-use development
Model cities
New town
Placemaking
Planned community
Planning gain
Planning Permission (U.K.)
Suburbia
Temporary use
Third place
Urban sprawl
Urbanization
Zoning








People




Theorists/
practitioners



Thomas Adams
Donald Appleyard
Edmund Bacon
Guy Benveniste
Colin Buchanan
Daniel Burnham
Peter Calthorpe
Konstantinos Doxiadis
Andrés Duany
Patrick Geddes
Ebenezer Howard
Kevin A. Lynch
Ian McHarg
Clarence Perry
James Rouse
Clarence Stein
Raymond Unwin
List of urban theorists
List of urban planners








Critics



Elizabeth Farrelly
Jane Jacobs
James Howard Kunstler
Lewis Mumford
Randal O'Toole








Related
disciplines



Architecture
Civil engineering
Urban ecology
Geography
Land development
Landscape architecture
Marine spatial planning
Public health
Real estate development








 Category
Index of urban planning articles
List of planned cities
List of planning journals
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 76390028
LCCN: n50043038
ISNI: 0000 0001 1448 4729
GND: 118966391
SUDOC: 032379501
BNF: cb12342050t (data)
ULAN: 500107647
NDL: 00448273










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kevin_A._Lynch&oldid=764657362"					
Categories: 1918 births1984 deathsEnvironmental psychologistsUrban theoristsAmerican architecture writersAmerican male writersAmerican academicsRensselaer Polytechnic Institute alumniMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniMIT School of Architecture and Planning faculty20th-century American writersHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةتۆرکجهČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoLietuvių日本語PortuguêsSlovenčinaکوردیSvenskaTiếng Việt 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 February 2017, at 04:44.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Kevin A. Lynch - Wikipedia






















 






Kevin A. Lynch

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people called Kevin Lynch, see Kevin Lynch (disambiguation).


Kevin Lynch





Born
Kevin Andrew Lynch
(1918-01-07)January 7, 1918
Chicago, Illinois, United States


Died
April 25, 1984(1984-04-25) (aged 66)
Aquinnah, Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, United States


Occupation
Urban planner, scholar, writer


Awards
Rexford G. Tugwell Award (1984)





Academic background


Alma mater
Massachusetts Institute of Technology


Influences
Frank Lloyd Wright


Academic work


Institutions
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1949–1978)


Main interests
Urban planning; environmental psychology; urban form


Notable works
The Image of the City
What Time is This Place?
A Theory of Good Urban Form


Notable ideas
Mental mapping; wayfinding; imageability





Kevin Andrew Lynch (January 7, 1918 – April 25, 1984) was an American urban planner and author. He is known for his work on the perceptual form of urban environments and was an early proponent of mental mapping. His most influential books include The Image of the City (1960), a seminal work on the perceptual form of urban environments, and What Time is This Place? (1972), which theorizes how the physical environment captures and refigures temporal processes.
A student of architect Frank Lloyd Wright before training in city planning, Lynch spent his academic career at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, teaching there from 1948 to 1978. He practiced site planning and urban design professionally with Carr/Lynch Associates, later known as Carr, Lynch, and Sandell.



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life and education
1.2 Academic career
1.3 Later life


2 The Image of the City
3 Personal life
4 Bibliography

4.1 Books
4.2 Selected articles
4.3 Book chapters
4.4 Edited volumes
4.5 Anthologies


5 Notes
6 References

6.1 References
6.2 Works Cited


7 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life and education[edit]
Lynch was born as the youngest child of an Irish American family on January 7, 1918.[1] He was raised in the Hazel Avenue neighborhood on the North Side of Chicago.[2] After graduating from the Francis Parker School in 1935, Lynch matriculated at Yale University intending to study architecture.[3] Finding its pedagogy too conservative, he left to study under Frank Lloyd Wright at Taliesin in Wisconsin.[4] Lynch later stated that Wright was a great influence, but disagreed with his individualistic social philosophy.[5] Leaving Wright after a year and a half, he enrolled Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York to study engineering in 1939, but did not complete the program and went to work for Chicago architect Paul Schweikher. In 1941, Lynch married Anne Borders, a fellow graduate of the Parker School.[6]
Three weeks after his wedding, Lynch was drafted into the Army Corps of Engineers, serving in the Philippines and Japan through 1944.[7] After the war, he completed his undergraduate education at MIT and received a Bachelor's degree in City Planning in 1947.[8]
Academic career[edit]
After graduation, Lynch began work in Greensboro, North Carolina as an urban planner but was soon recruited to teach at MIT by Lloyd Rodwin. He began lecturing at MIT the following year, becoming an assistant professor in 1949, a tenured associate professor in 1955, and a full professor in 1963.[8]
In 1954, after receiving a grant from the Ford Foundation to study urban form in Italy, Lynch and his MIT teaching colleague Gyorgy Kepes were awarded a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation to study perceptions of the urban environment and urban form.[n 1] Lynch and Kepes' research was published in 1960 as Lynch's book The Image of the City.[9] In 1970, Lynch received funding from UNESCO to study the use of cities by young people in urban areas of Salta, Melbourne, Toluca, and Krakow, a project summarized in his book Growing Up in Cities (1977).[10]
Lynch provided seminal contributions to the field of city planning through empirical research on how individuals perceive and navigate the urban landscape.[11] His books explore the presence of time and history in the urban environment, how urban environments affect children, and how to harness human perception of the physical form of cities and regions as the conceptual basis for good urban design.
Parallel to his academic work, Lynch practiced planning and urban design in partnership with Stephen Carr, with whom he founded Carr/Lynch Associates in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Later life[edit]
Lynch became professor emeritus in 1978, but continued to write and practice architecture.[11] He died of a heart attack at his summer home at Gay Head on Martha's Vineyard on April 25, 1984.[11]
The Image of the City[edit]
Lynch's most famous work, The Image of the City (1960), is the result of a five-year study on how observers take in information of the city. Using three American cities as examples (Boston, Jersey City and Los Angeles), Lynch reported that users understood their surroundings in consistent and predictable ways, forming mental maps with five elements:

paths, the streets, sidewalks, trails, and other channels in which people travel;
edges, perceived boundaries such as walls, buildings, and shorelines;
districts, relatively large sections of the city distinguished by some identity or character;
nodes, focal points, intersections or loci;
landmarks, readily identifiable objects which serve as external reference points.

In the same book, Lynch also coined the words "imageability" and "wayfinding". Image of the City has had important and durable influence in the fields of urban planning and environmental psychology.
Personal life[edit]
Anne Borders Lynch and Kevin Lynch were married in 1941 and had four children.[6] The Lynches were long-term residents of Martha's Vineyard, where Anne continued spending her summers until her death in 2011.[6]
Bibliography[edit]

Books[edit]

Lynch, Kevin (1960). The Image of the City. Cambridge MA: MIT Press. OL 5795447M. 
Lynch, Kevin; Hack, Gary (1962). Site Planning. MIT Press.  (2nd ed. 1971; 3rd ed. 1984)
Appleyard, Donald; Lynch, Kevin; Myer, John R (1964). The View from the Road. MIT Press. 
Lynch, Kevin (1972). What Time is this Place?. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12061-5. 
——— (1976). Managing the Sense of a Region. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12072-0.  (2nd ed. 1980)
——— (1981). A Theory of Good City Form. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12085-2.  (2nd ed. Good City Form 1984)
——— (1990). Southworth, Michael, ed. Wasting Away. San Francisco: Sierra Club Books. ISBN 0-87156-675-3. 

Selected articles[edit]

——— (April 1954). "The Form of Cities". Scientific American. 190 (4): 54–63. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0454-54. 
——— (1961). "The Pattern of the Metropolis". Daedalus. 90 (1): 79–98. 
——— (January 1961). "How We See Our Cities". MIT Technology Review. 63: 19–21. 
——— (September 1965). "The City as Environment". Scientific American. 213 (3): 209–219. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0965-209. 
——— (1984). "The Immature Arts of City Design". Places. 1 (3): 10–21. 

Book chapters[edit]

——— (1976). "Grounds for Utopia". EDRA 6: Responding to Social Change (PDF). The Environmental Design Research Association. pp. 27–46. 
——— (1984). "Reconsidering the Image of the City". In Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael. Cities of the Mind: Environment, Development, and Public Policy. Springer. pp. 151–161. 

Edited volumes[edit]

———, ed. (1977). Growing Up in Cities. MIT Press. ISBN 026212078X. 

Anthologies[edit]

——— (1990). Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael, eds. City Sense and City Design: Writings and Projects of Kevin Lynch. MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-12143-3. 


Notes[edit]



^ The Rockefeller Foundation grant was the first in a series of awards made during the 1950s and early 1960s to researchers studying urban design. Other recipients included Jane Jacobs, Ian McHarg and Edmund Bacon.



References[edit]
References[edit]


^ Andrade, Leonardo M.V. (2005). "Lynch, Kevin". In Caves, Roger W. Encyclopedia of the City. Routledge. pp. 297–298. ISBN 9780415252256. Retrieved 18 May 2015. 
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 10.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 10–12.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 12, 16.
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 16.
^ a b c "Anne B. Lynch Loved Her Summers in Aquinnah". Vineyard Gazette. 17 March 2011. Retrieved 20 May 2015. 
^ Banerjee & Southworth 1996, pp. 19.
^ a b "Preliminary Inventory to the Papers of Kevin Lynch". MIT Libraries. Retrieved 17 May 2015. 
^ Laurence, Peter (2006). "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955-1965". Journal of Urban Design. 11 (2): 145–172. doi:10.1080/13574800600644001. 
^ Chawla, Louise (1997). "Growing up in cities: a report on research under way" (PDF). Environment & Urbanization. 9 (2). 
^ a b c Severo, Richard (3 May 1984). "Kevin A. Lynch, Pioneer Urban Theorist". New York Times. Retrieved 20 May 2015. 


Works Cited[edit]


Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael (1995). "Kevin Lynch: His Life and Works". In Banerjee, Tridib; Southworth, Michael. City Sense and City Design: Writings and Projects of Kevin Lynch. MIT Press. pp. 1–29. ISBN 978-0-262-62095-6. 


External links[edit]

"Kevin Andrew Lynch, 1918-1984, Papers, 1934-1988." at the MIT Institute Archives and Special Collections.
The Perceptual Form of the City Materials from Kevin Lynch and Gyorgy Kepes' Rockefeller-funded study of Boston, 1954-1959







v
t
e


Urban planning



General



Land use
Planning
Planning and zoning commission
Growth management
Development economics
Social sciences
Public policy





Major
branches




Urban



Land-use planning
Comprehensive planning (US)
Spatial planning (Eur)
Planned cities
Planned community / Model village
Redevelopment
Urban design





Rural



Conservation development
Preservation development
Rural housing
Village design statement (UK)





Regional



Regional Planning Association of America





Environmental



Environmental design
Environmental impact assessment
Environmental planning
Recreation resource planning
Sustainable development





Transportation planning



Transportation forecasting
Trip distribution
Rational planning model
Transit-oriented development
Professional transportation planner
Urban freight distribution





Economic Development



Community economic development








Concepts/
theories




Movements



Athens Charter
Car-free movement
City Beautiful movement
Dark-sky movement
Garden city movement
Indigenous planning
New Urbanism
Settlement movement
Smart Growth
Structuralism
Transition towns





Theories



Collaborative planning
Context theory
Ekistics
Intelligent urbanism
Livable streets
Radical planning
Urban acupuncture
Urban renewal





Concepts



Affordable housing
Cityscape
Cluster development
Creative city
Company town
Complete Communities
Eminent domain (US)
Gentrification
Infill
Healthy cities / Healthy community design
LEED-ND
Mixed-use development
Model cities
New town
Placemaking
Planned community
Planning gain
Planning Permission (U.K.)
Suburbia
Temporary use
Third place
Urban sprawl
Urbanization
Zoning








People




Theorists/
practitioners



Thomas Adams
Donald Appleyard
Edmund Bacon
Guy Benveniste
Colin Buchanan
Daniel Burnham
Peter Calthorpe
Konstantinos Doxiadis
Andrés Duany
Patrick Geddes
Ebenezer Howard
Kevin A. Lynch
Ian McHarg
Clarence Perry
James Rouse
Clarence Stein
Raymond Unwin
List of urban theorists
List of urban planners








Critics



Elizabeth Farrelly
Jane Jacobs
James Howard Kunstler
Lewis Mumford
Randal O'Toole








Related
disciplines



Architecture
Civil engineering
Urban ecology
Geography
Land development
Landscape architecture
Marine spatial planning
Public health
Real estate development








 Category
Index of urban planning articles
List of planned cities
List of planning journals
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 76390028
LCCN: n50043038
ISNI: 0000 0001 1448 4729
GND: 118966391
SUDOC: 032379501
BNF: cb12342050t (data)
ULAN: 500107647
NDL: 00448273










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kevin_A._Lynch&oldid=764657362"					
Categories: 1918 births1984 deathsEnvironmental psychologistsUrban theoristsAmerican architecture writersAmerican male writersAmerican academicsRensselaer Polytechnic Institute alumniMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniMIT School of Architecture and Planning faculty20th-century American writersHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةتۆرکجهČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoLietuvių日本語PortuguêsSlovenčinaکوردیSvenskaTiếng Việt 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 February 2017, at 04:44.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






