

Catalyst Funds - Products


























 








HomeOverviewProductsLiterature and FormsInvestment ManagersSpotlightsNewsContact| Financial Professionals >























  
 


Hedged Strategies
Strategic Income
Dynamic Equity
Global Equity
Focused Equity


 vCatalyst Event Arbitrage Fund
(CEAAX & CEACX)
Seeks low correlation and low volatility through a hedged portfolio focused on merger and event arbitrage transactions.
vCatalyst Insider Long/Short Fund
(CIAAX & CIACX)
Long/Short equity with long positions in companies with significant corporate insider buying activity and short positions in companies with significant corporate insider selling. 
vCatalyst Strategic Insider Fund
(STVAX & STVCX)
Seeks lower volatility through a hedged equity portfolio driven by corporate insider knowledge and complemented by premium income from writing covered call options on equity indexes.
 


 
vCatalyst/SMH Total Return Income Fund
(TRIFX & TRICX)
Diverse mix of income producing securities including high yield bonds, convertible bonds, REITs, high dividend paying stocks, Business Development Companies, MLPs and covered call writing.
vCatalyst/SMH High Income Fund 
(HIIFX & HIICX)
Focused high yield bond fund using a deep value, balance sheet oriented, intensive research strategy.
vCatalyst/Princeton Floating Rate Income Fund 
(CFRAX, CFRCX & CFRIX)
Seeks current income with low duration and interest rate volatility through a portfolio of senior floating rate loans.
 


 
vCatalyst/Lyons Tactical Allocation Fund 
(CLTAX & CLTCX)
Seeks capital appreciation with downside protection through a portfolio of dividend paying stocks with a tactical risk-management overlay.
 


 
vCatalyst/MAP Global Total Return Income Fund 
(TRXAX & TRXCX)
Focused go anywhere total return strategy using corporate bonds and global equities selected using thematic filters with opportunistic covered call writing.
vCatalyst/MAP Global Capital Appreciation Fund 
(CAXAX & CAXCX)
Focused portfolio of value oriented global equities selected using thematic filters with opportunistic covered call writing.
 


 
vCatalyst Value Fund 
(CTVAX, CTVCX & CTVIX)
Small/Micro-cap deep value equity using a quantitative strategy with a fundamental and insider buying research overlay.
vCatalyst Large Cap Value Fund 
(LVXAX & LVXCX)
Large cap deep value equity using a quantitative strategy with an insider buying research overlay.
vCatalyst/Groesbeck Growth of Income Fund 
(CGGAX, CGGCX & CGGIX)
Equity income fund investing in high quality large cap stocks with a history of dividend increases.
vCatalyst/CP Core Equity Fund 
(CPEAX & CPECX)
All-cap equity portfolio using a focused quantitative methodology to select alpha generating stocks from outperforming industries.
 























Hedged Strategies

Catalyst Exceed Defined Risk Fund
Catalyst Hedged Commodity Strategy Fund
Catalyst Hedged Futures Strategy Fund
Catalyst Intelligent Alternative Fund
Catalyst Insider Long/Short Fund
Catalyst Macro Strategy Fund
Catalyst Time Value Trading Fund
Catalyst/Auctos Multi-Strategy Fund
Catalyst/Millburn Hedge Strategy Fund

			 

			
l

Details:
vCatalyst Exceed Defined Risk Fund
(CLPAX, CLPCX & CLPFX)
Seeks to provide a defined outcome, structured return strategy that offers controlled exposure to the S&P 500 Index, providing enhanced upside returns to a cap and limiting downside and volatility.
			 
vCatalyst Hedged Commodity Strategy Fund
(CFHAX, CFHCX & CFHIX)
Seeks to provide positive returns in all market conditions with low correlation to the global equity and commodity markets by investing in dynamic option strategies on physical commodity futures contracts.
			 


vCatalyst Hedged Futures Strategy Fund
(HFXAX, HFXCX & HFXIX)
Seeks to provide positive returns in all market conditions with low volatility and low correlation to the equity markets by investing in options and option spreads on equity index futures contracts.
			 

vCatalyst Intelligent Alternative Fund
(ATRAX, ATRCX & ATRFX)
Seeks to offer a simplified approach to alternatives by leveraging our alternative manager expertise to tactically select investments in alternative funds.
			 



vCatalyst Insider Long/Short Fund
(CIAAX, CIACX & CIAIX)
Long/Short equity with long positions in companies with significant corporate insider buying activity and short positions in companies with significant corporate insider selling.
			 
vCatalyst Macro Strategy Fund
(MCXAX, MCXCX & MCXIX)
Offers an actively managed, absolute return strategy that seeks to generate positive returns in any market environment by participating in macroeconomic trends in volatility, equities, currencies, fixed income and commodities.
			 

vCatalyst Time Value Trading Fund
(TVTAX, TVTCX & TVTIX)
Writes short-term call and put options on S&P 500 Index futures, with the goal of generating income from options that expire worthless, and invests in opportunistic long positions for hedging and incremental return.
			 

vCatalyst/Auctos Multi-Strategy Fund
(ACXAX, ACXCX & ACXIX)
Seeks capital appreciation that is uncorrelated to the global equity markets by entering into both long and short positions in futures contracts, using several strategies including relative value, trend following, pattern recognition and calendar spreads.
			 


vCatalyst/Millburn Hedge Strategy Fund
(MBXAX, MBXCX & MBXIX)
Utilizes complementary active and passive investment strategies, with the goal of outperforming typical long-only equity investments, including reducing drawdowns during protracted periods of stress.
















Income-Oriented Strategies

Catalyst Insider Income Fund
Catalyst/MAP Global Balanced Fund
Catalyst/Princeton Floating Rate Income Fund
Catalyst/Princeton Unconstrained Hedged Income Fund
Catalyst/SMH High Income Fund
Catalyst/SMH Total Return Income Fund
Catalyst/Stone Beach Income Opportunity Fund

			 

			
l

Details:
vCatalyst Insider Income Fund
(IIXAX, IIXCX & IIXIX)
Seeks to offer investors an opportunity to invest in short-term U.S. corporate bonds issued by corporations whose executives are purchasing shares of the company's common stock.
			 
vCatalyst/MAP Global Balanced Fund
(TRXAX, TRXCX & TRXIX)
Focused go anywhere total return strategy using corporate bonds and global equities selected using thematic filters with opportunistic covered call writing.
			 
vCatalyst/Princeton Floating Rate Income Fund
(CFRAX, CFRCX & CFRIX)
Seeks current income with low duration and interest rate volatility through a portfolio of senior floating rate loans.
			 
vCatalyst/Princeton Unconstrained Hedged Income Fund
(HIFAX, HIFCX & HIFIX)
Seeks to provide an attractive yield and long-term positive returns while preserving capital through various market environments by managing portfolio duration, credit risk, and volatility.
			 

vCatalyst/SMH High Income Fund 
(HIIFX, HIFCX & HIIIX)
Focused high yield bond fund using a deep value, balance sheet oriented, intensive research strategy.
			 
vCatalyst/SMH Total Return Income Fund
(TRIFX, TRICX & TRIIX)
Diverse mix of income producing securities including high yield bonds, convertible bonds, REITs, high dividend paying stocks, Business Development Companies, MLPs and covered call writing.
			 

vCatalyst/Stone Beach Income Opportunity Fund
(IOXAX, IOXCX & IOXIX)
Seeks high current income and capital appreciation from a portfolio of mortgage-backed securities ("MBS") while actively hedging to minimize declines during adverse market conditions.


















Equity-Oriented Strategies

Catalyst Buyback Strategy Fund
Catalyst Dynamic Alpha Fund
Catalyst Insider Buying Fund
Catalyst IPOx Allocation Fund
Catalyst MLP & Infrastructure Fund
Catalyst Small-Cap Insider Buying Fund
Catalyst/Groesbeck Growth of Income Fund
Catalyst/Lyons Tactical Allocation Fund
Catalyst/MAP Global Equity Fund


l

Details:
 
vCatalyst Buyback Strategy Fund
(BUYAX, BUYCX & BUYIX)
Seeks to offer investors a compelling opportunity to exploit the potential excess returns from share buyback announcements.
			 
vCatalyst Dynamic Alpha Fund
(CPEAX, CPECX & CPEIX)
All-cap equity portfolio using a focused quantitative methodology to select alpha generating stocks from outperforming industries.
			 
vCatalyst Insider Buying Fund
(INSAX, INSCX & INSIX)
Large cap deep value equity using a quantitative strategy with an insider buying research overlay.
			 

vCatalyst IPOx Allocation Fund
(OIPAX, OIPCX & OIPIX)
Seeks to offer investors the opportunity to exploit excess returns from investing IPOs.

vCatalyst MLP & Infrastructure Fund
(MLXAX, MLXCX & MLXIX)
Invests in equity securities of general partners ("GPs") of master limited partnerships ("MLPs") and other energy-related companies, seeking to realize faster growth and higher distributions than traditional MLPs.




vCatalyst Small-Cap Insider Buying Fund
(CTVAX, CTVCX & CTVIX)
Small/Micro-cap deep value equity using a quantitative strategy with a fundamental and insider buying research overlay.


vCatalyst/Groesbeck Growth of Income Fund 
(CGGAX, CGGCX & CGGIX)
Equity income fund investing in high quality large cap stocks with a history of dividend increases.

vCatalyst/Lyons Tactical Allocation Fund
(CLTAX, CLTCX & CLTIX)
Seeks capital appreciation with downside protection through a portfolio of dividend paying stocks with a tactical risk-management overlay.
			 
vCatalyst/MAP Global Equity Fund
(CAXAX, CAXCX & CAXIX)
Focused portfolio of value oriented global equities selected using thematic filters with opportunistic covered call writing.








vCatalyst/EquityCompass Buyback Strategy Fund
(BUYAX, BUYCX & BUYIX)
Seeks to offer investors a compelling opportunity to exploit the potential excess returns from share buyback announcements.
















Home Overview Products Literature and Forms Investment Managers Spotlights News Contact | Financial Professionals > 








Catalyst Funds | 36 New York Avenue Floor 2, Huntington, NY 11743 | Phone: 646-827-2761 | Email: info@catalystmutualfunds.com






Catalyst Funds c/o Gemini Funds | PO Box 541150 Omaha, NE 68154-1150 | Phone: 866-447-4228 | Email: info@catalystmutualfunds.com







An investor should consider the Fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing or sending money. This and other important information about the Catalyst Funds can be found in the Fund's prospectus, which can be obtained by calling 1-866-447-4228. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. The Catalyst Funds are distributed by Northern Lights Distributors, LLC., Member FINRA/SIPC. 4485-NLD-5/24/2017




Social Media Policy


Site Powered By    BizStudio Site Manager    Online web site designcontent-material









J. Lyons Fund Management, Inc. - Home







 





Home
About Us
Philosophy
service
Newsletter
Contact









What
if everything you've been told about investing is WRONG?
Hard
to believe? Consider what happened to your portfolio during
the market meltdown in 2008. Were you ever
advised to take any
action to stop losing money? Or were you told to just "buy and hold"
and
hope that the market would eventually go up? The fact is most
investors
have lost far too
much money by doing
what they were told to do.
Following so-called conventional advice like buy-and-hold just
doesn't work in the real world because it leaves investors exposed to
the full risk of the markets -- and potentially devastating losses
during market declines.
J.
Lyons Fund Management, Inc. has a different philosophy
Our investment approach adapts to changing market
conditions so we can provide you with long-term investment growth and
meaningful protection during market declines. That is not lip
service. JLFMI has protected our clients from serious losses during
every
significant market correction since our founding in 1985. If you would
like a higher level of security for your investments, we'd be happy to
discuss your situation with you...no strings attached. Please contact
us.
We
invite you to learn more about us by exploring our site:

About
us
Our Investment
Philosophy
Our
Management Service
Newsletter
-
sign up for FREE or
read this month's issue
Contact
us












Read
more...
Read
more...
Read
more...









Check
Out Our BLOG on Yahoo Finance 






Newsletter


 
December 2016 Issue

2016 Charts Of The Year

A look back at the most impactful and noteworthy charts in the financial markets in 2016.


Read
the rest...

Archives










Sign Up for FREE
Learn more about our
active, risk-managed style of investing and why it may
be the only chance for investment survival over the next decade. Sign
up for our FREE e-newsletter.

Email Address: 







 Close









J. Lyons Fund Management,
Inc. ©
2016    |    Disclosures 
  |    Privacy
Policy


Contact JLFMI







 





home
about us
philosophy
service
newsletter
contact









Contact Information
If
you would like to discuss your investment situation with us or if you
have any questions about J. Lyons Fund Management, Inc.'s
investment management service, please feel free to contact us. Thank
you.



J. Lyons Fund Management, Inc.


310 Forsythia Drive


Deerfield, IL  60015





Phone:
847-317-4949


Toll
Free:
888-846-5966


Fax:
847-945-6954


E-mail:
info@jlfmi.com










Check
Out Our BLOG on Yahoo Finance 







Newsletter


 
December 2016 Issue

2016 Charts Of The Year

A look back at the most impactful and noteworthy charts in the financial markets in 2016.




Read
the rest...

Archives











Sign Up for FREE
Learn more about our
active, risk-managed style of investing and why it may
be the only chance for investment survival over the next decade. Sign
up for our FREE e-newsletter.

Email Address: 







 Close










J. Lyons Fund Management, Inc. ©
2016    |    Disclosures 
  |    Privacy
Policy
 
JLFMI Newsletter Archives







 





home
about us
philosophy
service
newsletter
contact










J.
Lyons Fund Management, Inc. Newsletter
Archives


2016

An Appealing Market - July/August 2016Re-examining the evidence, in favor of and opposed to, a further extension of the bull marketStay Of Execution For The Bull? - May/June 2016Positive developments in recent months may have extended the life of the bull market -- but for how long?Breaking Bad
- Anatomy Of A Market Top, Part 2 - February/March 2016The last and most important bastion of the cyclical bull market in stocks - price - has finally broken down.2015



2015 Charts Of The Year
- December 2015Red Skies in the Morning…
- October/November 2015Signs from the economy are not consistent with optimism suggested by a stock market near its highs.Internal Combustion
- Anatomy Of A Market Top, Part 1 - August/September 2015Detailing
the systematic deterioration in the internals of the stock market, now
at depths historically seen only near major market tops.What’s Right Is Wrong, What’s White Is Black
- June/July 2015In contemporary society, the basic tenets of financial prudence have been turned upside down.This Time It IS Different!
- April/May 2015Policy and market response to financial challenges HAS been different this cycle -- so far.Risk Has Begun To Rein
- January/February 2015Investment in the riskiest assets has been on a relative decline, a trend that preceded prior major tops.


2014



2014 Charts Of The Year
- December 2014Durable Secular P/E Lows are Combination of P and E
- October/November 2014
Extreme P/E lows resulting from both low prices AND high earnings allow for lasting long-term bottoms.Good News & Bad News
- August/September 2014
Despite rising equity prices, the economic climate is less than stellar.
Cracks
In Market Chemistry
- June 2014
While
the S&P 500 is scoring new highs, weakness in high-beta areas
threatens the stability of the rally.



2014
Secular, Ahem, Bear Market Update
- April/May 2014
Despite
new market highs, evidence still suggests that the post-2000 secular
bear market is not over.






2013




Under
The Big Top
- September/October 2013
The
conditions that have characterized cyclical tops within secular bear
markets are presently in place.


The
Market: At (and On)
a High
- August 2013
Fed-induced
liquidity has resulted in a still-sputtering economy and a sketchy
market at all-time highs.


All
In
- May/June 2013
Contrary
to one bullish thesis, in reality retail investors are about
as "in" the stock market as they're likely to get.


Full
Circle: 2013 Secular Bear Market Update -
February/March 2013
The
market has (again) returned to its secular bear market high...will it
break out or cycle back down again?


Unhappy
New Year! - December 2012/January 2013
The
stock market is at a 5-year high...so why is everyone so unhappy?






2012




Danger:
Thin Market - October/November 2012
Underlying
conditions supporting the cyclical rally are melting away, leaving the
market vulnerable to collapse.


Condemned
- August/September 2012
Due
to insufficient repair, the rest of the secular bear market will
likely be even weaker than lackluster precedents.


Investors'
Last Chance? - July 2012
The
current rally may be investors' last chance to seek protection
before the third strike of this secular bear hits.


Three
Times the Risk - June 2012
Long,
medium and short-term bearish stars are aligning.


Recovery
or Wishful Thinking? - May 2012
Recent
encouraging data is likely buying investors time to seek shelter rather
than a sign of a turn.


Wall
Street's Valuation Myth - April 2012
Are
current P/E ratios actually cheap? Do they even matter? Exposing one of
Wall Street’s favorite sales pitches.


Dow
10,263 - March 2012
An
(unsolicited) addendum to Jeremy Siegel's Dow 15,000 call.


Liters
or Gallons? - February 2012
It
is important (as always) to use 'appropriate' measures to
analyze the current rally.


Running
to Stand Still: 2012 Secular Bear Market Update
- January 2012
Stock
market forecasts are dubious, especially when it comes to investing for
retirement in this environment.







2011




The
'Can't Afford Retirement Plan' - Part 2 -
December 2011
Essential
components of a successful investment plan.


The
'Can't Afford Retirement Plan' - Part 1 -
November 2011
Most
investors are operating with a fatally flawed investment plan - - or no
plan at all.


October:
Stock Market Cortisone - October 2011
Despite
its dismal reputation, October has often provided a much needed "shot
in the arm" to the market.


Crash
Course - August/September 2011
A
historical look at stock market crashes...and most importantly, what to
expect post-crash.


Running
on Fumes - Part 2 - July 2011
How
much fuel is in the U.S. investor tank - - and is it enough to
propel us into a new secular bull market?


Running
on Fumes - Part 1 - June 2011
How
much fuel is in the U.S. household tank - - and is it enough
to propel us into a new secular bull market?


The
Frog in the Boiling Economy - May 2011
Maintaining
proper perspective can keep investors out of hot water.


Sell
in May and Go Away? - April 2011
Just
how effective is this well-heard stock market adage...and should the
strategy be deployed this year?


Beware
the Ides of April - March 2011
An
April phenomenon has accurately forecast the outlook of typically
strong 3rd Years of the Presidential Cycle.


Wake
Up, Americans - February 2011
There
is a crisis in retirement preparedness in the U.S....and it's getting
worse.


Another
Lost Decade Ahead?: 2011 Secular Bear Market Update
- January 2011
Buy-and-hold
investors who had 0% stock returns in the last decade may be in for
more of the same in the next.






2010




The
Crash of 2008 - What Now? - December 2010


Here
Lies Buy-and-Hold -
November 2010
















Check
Out Our BLOG on Yahoo Finance 






Newsletter


 

Current
Issue

Archives









Sign Up for FREE
Learn more about our
active, risk-managed style of investing and why it may
be the only chance for investment survival over the next decade. Sign
up for our FREE e-newsletter.

Email Address: 







 Close











J. Lyons Fund Management, Inc. ©
2015    |    Disclosures 
  |    Privacy
Policy

JLFMI Investment Philosophy






 





home
about us
philosophy
service
newsletter
contact










Investment Philosophy

"The
ultimate quest in investing should be to outperform the overall market
over a complete market cycle -- with less risk."

Active Management: Managed-Risk
Investing for the Real World
At
J. Lyons Fund Management, Inc., our goal is simple: generate
long-term, market-beating investment returns for our clients while
protecting them from any large losses. To accomplish our goal, we
utilize an investment approach referred to as "active management". This
does
not
mean we are constantly moving in and out of the market or
constantly shifting investments within our portfolio. Rather, active
management means we employ a more "active" approach in reducing
our clients' investment risk as opposed to the
"buy-and-hold" approach espoused by the Wall Street "establishment" and
most investment advisors and financial planners.
Unlike the
buy-and-hold crowd, we do not feel it is
inevitable to
suffer large, periodic losses in the stock market. In fact, it
is
the ability to avoid large losses that
provides investors with the best chance to achieve
long-term investment success. The only way to accomplish that is to
utilize
an investment approach that includes both a buy strategy to
enable growth and a sell
strategy to control risk.
It's not
necessary, nor do we attempt, to catch every little move in the stock
market. We
simply strive to have our clients assets invested during the
greater part of significant market advances, and to avoid (or
at
times, even profit from) the greater portion of significant declines.
This approach can provide for more consistent returns that are less
dependent on
the existence of a bull market to succeed. This is an especially good
thing
considering the recent difficult market environment for
investing that
unfortunately is
likely to persist for several more years. As a result, we feel
strongly that
not only is the J. Lyons Fund Management, Inc. approach the optimum
investing alternative for
most individuals, but it also may be one of the few possibilities that
really makes sense over the long term.
Read more
about the Active Management philosophy and why it is so critical to
investment success in our report below, "A Battle for Investment
Survival".





A Battle
for
Investment
Survival
The
JLFMI investment approach combats the
deficiencies of "traditional" investment methods and myths and counters
the
harmful forces of human nature.
For
most investors, professionals
included, achieving successful
investment
performance with consistency is a very difficult task. Those with
experience in various investment markets know this reality all too
well, while the vast majority of individuals with less experience
probably have the same sobering lesson in front of them. In our years
in the investment business, we have observed certain fundamental and
almost universal investing
problems. Specifically, few individuals have the resources or the time
available to enable them to undertake a well-conceived investment
program. Fewer still, even those with a real aptitude for investing,
have the hardened discipline that is an absolute prerequisite for it.
To make matters worse, much of the advice directed at investors
contains investment myths that ultimately end up being more
harmful than helpful.

The
Myth of
"Buy-and-Hold"
The
most often repeated and probably most egregious of the investment myths
is the idea of "buy-and-hold". The
buy-and -hold approach rests upon the conviction that the stock market
moves only
upward over time. Proponents of that philosophy state that one cannot
determine the level of risk in the stock market at any given time and,
therefore, it is best not even to try. Their default advice to
investors is to simply rely on that long-term direction.
First
off, investors should be aware of the various ulterior motives of the
proponents of buy-and-hold. It's not to say that these motives are
necessarily devious, just that they are not necessarily in the best
interest of the investor. For one, many managers or advisors are
compensated only if the investor's money remains in the fund or
investment they put it in. Therefore, the advisor has an obvious
interest in keeping or advising the investor to keep the money in that
particular investment, regardless of its performance.
Another
motive behind the promotion of buy-and-hold is quite simply that it is
easy. It takes very little effort to implement the strategy since, as
the name implies, after the "buying" is done, all that's left is the
"holding". And again, holding an investment no matter what it does is
not necessarily what's in the best interest of the investor. It may be
forgivable for an amateur to adopt such a strategy as they cannot be
expected to find the time and expertise needed to effectively perform
such a complicated task as investing. However, for an advisor, manager
or broker to follow buy-and-hold with their paying client's
assets
simply because it is easy is intolerable, not to mention it does not
serve the client well. Investors deserve much better
than that from their advisor particularly since, by definition, it is a
guarantee that on a regular basis that investment approach cannot be
the best interest of investors. The deficiencies
of buy-and-hold are simply too obvious and damaging
for that
to be the case. 
The
buy-and-hold approach, again, is predicated on the theory that the
stock market moves only
upward over time. There
are distinct fallacies with that approach to which anyone invested in
the stock market during the tech stock implosion of the early 2000's or
the subsequent subprime, credit crunch induced bear market can
attest. The fact is, bear markets are a reality, and not an uncommon
one. Historically, bear markets occur every five years, lose an average
of 38% and take an average of three and a half years to recoup the
losses.
Buy-and-hold
proponents
will argue that these are simply
short-term market fluctuations. However, short-term or not, losing 50%
of one's assets is not an insignificant event that can easily be
dismissed, particularly for someone nearing retirement who is going to
be dependent upon that money. And the notion that such a painful loss
is not the fault of the investment strategy but simply an unavoidable
result of the market declining is little solace to the person taking
the loss.
At times it is true
that, if
investors could but "wait it out", they may come through unscathed.
However, there have historically been numerous, extended periods, which
we refer to as "secular" bear markets, when
the stock market has gone sideways to downwards over a period of many
years. Furthermore, not only have these secular bear markets occurred
in the past, but as shown in the chart below,  they are
a regular event in the repeating market cycle.

The
1929 high in the Dow Jones was not
exceeded
until 1954 and the 1966 top was not surpassed until the summer of 1982.
And most relevant now, the Nasdaq Composite, which topped out at over
5000 in the year 2000, was still more than 50% below that mark nearly a
decade
later. For those investors without the luxury of a 40, or even 20-year
investing horizon, sometimes waiting to recover serious losses is not
an option. Even with a longer time horizon, the psychological damage
and loss of objectivity suffered by an investor often distorts future
investment decisions, as we discuss below.
Human
Nature is the Bane of Most Investors...and
their Advisors
After taking all of
its
deficiencies into account, if an
investor still chose the buy-and-hold
approach, it is unrealistic to expect that he or she would even be able
to implement it in a disciplined manner. That's because without
an objective program like JLFMI's, it is difficult for investors and
advisors
alike to avoid the ill effects of human nature. The consistent forces
of
human nature cause us to react to circumstances in a
similar and predictable fashion. Unfortunately, when it comes
to
investing, these human natural reactions more often than not illicit
the wrong response.
The two most
influential human natural traits that
most
often lead investors astray are fear and greed. Yet, as easy as it is
to
be aware of these influences, it is equally difficult to avoid them.
That is why at junctures of buying opportunity in the stock market,
people are too frightened and too focused on potential risk to be
totally objective. Conversely at market
tops, the lure of yet higher highs and of missing out on more profits
clouds the perspective of investors. The following charts illustrate
this
point. 
Due
to fear of a stock market that had gone sideways since 1966, households
had an all-time low of 11% of
their assets invested in stocks during the
2nd quarter of 1982, just as the stock market embarked on an 18-year
bull market. Conversely, greed consumed households in the 1st quarter
of 2000 as they had an all-time high 49% of their assets
invested in stocks, right at the onset of the current bear market. This
means that investors failed to capture much of the gains
of the 1980s-90s bull market and incurred much of the loss associated
with the bear market since 2000.

A
similar pattern is seen in a study by Hewitt & Associates into
the investment behavior of 401(k) participants. According to their
survey, 401(k) investors' allocation to stock funds peaked in March of
2000 and April of 2007, right near the market peaks. On the flip side,
participants pulled the greatest amount of money out of stock funds in
February 2003 and October 2008, right near bottoms.

These
reactions are natural.
First of all, we are greatly influenced by the environment of our
recent past. Secondly, at these junctures our hopes and fears are
constantly being reinforced by what we are reading, hearing and
observing. In other words, the pressures on investors at both
significant market tops and bottoms are the greatest to take what
eventually will prove to be the wrong course of action.
Other
"Traditional" Investment
Methods Fall Short
Over
the years, other various "traditional" investment strategies have been
used in attempt to overcome the challenge of investing and
counter the forces of human nature. These methods have had
decidedly mixed results and, when it comes down to real world
investing,
like buy-and-hold, they are arguably more myth than they are reliable.

MYTH #1: Seeking
"Conservative"
Investments
Many
frustrated investors, for
example, decide to become "conservative". But just what is a
conservative investment approach? Investors who sought the protection
of many so-called "conservative" investments have not always gotten
what they bargained for to the detriment or, at times, devastation, of
their investments.


Highly
rated bonds (or
bond funds) have shocked investors at times as their investments
declined as much as 30% in recent years (1994, 1999 and 2008, for
example).
Once hallowed blue chip stocks like
Continental Illinois
Bank, Enron, General Motors, AIG and others were once labeled "prudent
man"
investments. Hindsight has obviously told another story,
revealing how
these companies resulted in extinction, or perilously close to it.
Target-date
retirement or lifecycle funds have become popular in recent years as
they shift their asset allocation for investors to (supposedly) become
more "conservative" as they approach retirement age. Investors in such
funds earmarked for
2005 retirees
would likely challenge the effectiveness of the conservative shift as
they lost as much as 30% of their value from 2007 to 2008.
Investors
who purchased AAA-rated CDOs and other similar instruments in recent
years were lucky to get back pennies on the dollar for their
investments as the sub-prime housing market underlying the instruments
collapsed, almost bringing down the entire financial system as we know
it.

While it's true that
these horror stories don't
always represent the behavior of these "conservative" investments, the
fact is that these events do occur and will occur again repeatedly in
the future. Regardless of the normal behavior of the investments,
failing to account for the possibility of such damaging losses can be
devastating to a portfolio, particularly for an investor nearing
retirement age. And it only takes one such "abnormal" event to bring
devastation.

MYTH
#2: Diversification
More
recently, asset allocation and diversification become the "buzz words"
as
approaches to controlling risk. The idea behind these popular
techniques is
that spreading investments across all market segments will bring more
consistent returns and reduce risk on the theory that the
declining segments will be offset by rising ones. Unfortunately, we
have found that all diversification ends up doing is diluting returns
in up markets and providing too little risk protection in down markets.
Witness the losses in a broad array of market segments in 2008 --
diversification sure didn't do much to reduce risk:




Index
Loss
from 
2007 High


Dow
Jones Industrials
-42%


S&P
500
-46%


Nasdaq
-48%


Large
Cap Growth
-47%


Large
Cap Value
-60%


Mid
Cap Growth
-45%


Mid
Cap Value
-56%


Small
Cap Growth
-47%


Small
Cap Value
-59%


Dow
Jones Utilities
-41%


Gold/Silver
Index
-69%


Japan
-61%


Europe
-49%


Emerging
Markets
-65%



The
problem with these so-called "traditional" investment methods is that
they fail to account for the existence of bear markets and thus do not
address the
most important question: Should
one be invested at all? 
The
JLFMI Investment Approach
Addresses this Problem
J. Lyons Fund
Management, Inc. has a different philosophy regarding what it takes to
reduce risk. We feel that it is not what you invest in that necessarily
renders an approach conservative, unless you want to settle for
treasury bill rates. Only the use of adequate controls on when you
invest in whatever you invest in can reduce your investment risk to a
conservative level. Around
this
concept is built our investment strategy. Fundamentally, our investment
philosophy focuses on two observable truths:



Some of the best investment
returns have historically come from equity investments.
There are times to be in equities and times to be out --
completely out.


A quick glance at a
chart of a major stock market index will
confirm this. Look at the chart of the S&P 500 once
again, for example.

From
1996 to 2000, the
S&P 500 about doubled in value. However, by 2002, it had lost
the
entire gain. The next six years saw the index repeat the same cycle
again. Being out of
the market for even a portion of those declines would have considerably
enhanced the
returns referred to in #1 above.
The
JLFMI Risk Management System
Well-accepted
studies have shown that some 75% of the reason that a stock (or stock
fund) moves up or down can be attributed to the direction of
the overall
market. Because of that fact, and because the guidance
from Wall Street firms regarding what stocks to buy and sell has been
so ineffective, we long ago decided to concentrate our efforts in
determining which direction the overall market was moving, and likely
to move. Or put another way, what is the level of risk present
in
the market?
Our
objective, naturally, is to invest more aggressively when risk is low,
i.e., the overall market is moving up. Conversely, when market risk is
high, our focus is on preserving capital, i.e., reducing
exposure to
the
market. By employing this approach, we aim to lower the potential risk
of investing
while still capturing the growth of capital necessary for a retirement
plan, or any type of investment account for that matter.

The
JLFMI Risk Model
Central
in our strategy to identify risk is the JLFMI stock market Risk Model.
It was developed in the mid-1970's and has been in
use now since 1978. The Risk Model consists of various proprietary
individual
indicators comprised of data inputs taken directly
from the stock market. These indicators represent different measures of
market strength, with a focus on breadth (how many stocks are rising
versus falling) and momentum of breadth (how strongly is the breath
improving or worsening). Collectively, these indicators
quantify the strength and, by extension, risk of the overall market and
orient our investment posture for the forthcoming period.
The
Risk
Model was devised and
refined over many years encompassing both bull and bear market
cycles, and indeed, was designed to function in all types of market
environments. As a result, the Model has helped us to successfully
navigate the stock market over the course
of the past 30 years, through the roaring bull market of the 1980s and
90s and the subsequent decade-long (to date) secular bear market. We
are confident that it will be as relevant for future markets as it
has been for those of the past.
One of the salient
features of the Risk Model is the objectivity that it lends to our
decision-making. There is only a minimal amount of interpretation
involved in arriving at our buy and sell signals. That objectivity aids
us in combating those harmful forces of human nature by allowing us to
largely avoid emotionally charged situations
which can often induce incorrect investment moves.
Is the Risk Model
pinpoint accurate? No, certainly
not. The Model will be a bit late at times in signaling turns in the
market and early at others. However, pinpoint
accuracy is not required to produce exceptional rates of return. The
ability to be correctly positioned for most of the significant trends
in the stock market and to avoid large losses is what is necessary.
And since the components of the Risk Model are direct measurements of
what the overall market is actually doing, by definition it cannot
stay out of sync with the market for long. Therefore, we are confident
that it will continue to aid in keeping us correctly positioned for the
major moves in the market. Furthermore, most
investment alternatives, like
buy-and-hold, have serious and obvious deficiencies in declining
markets, exposing one to damaging losses. Those deficiencies are
potentially much more harmful and more difficult to overcome.


Summary
The J. Lyons Fund
Management, Inc.
investment
approach aims to take advantage of the attractive returns historically
available in equity markets while reducing the risk of incurring
substantial losses during declining markets. Thus, our Active
Management strategy
has allowed us to meet our objective: to outperform the
market over a complete bull and bear market cycle -- with substantially
less risk.
And versus other
investment approaches that we have scrutinized not only do we believe
our to be
conceptually much sounder for “all seasons” but it may be the only
approach that stands a chance to succeed in the secular bear market
environment that is likely to persist for the better part of the next
decade.
Our
success in
developing and utilizing our investment techniques has depended upon
objectivity and thoughtful planning. Your success in deploying your
investable funds will depend upon the same factors. We are very willing
to discuss our services at length with you so that you will be better
prepared to make the correct decision when considering the great number
of investment alternatives available to you. Please feel welcomed to contact us to begin a
discussion.






Check
Out Our BLOG on Yahoo Finance 






Newsletter


 
December 2016 Issue

2016 Charts Of The Year

A look back at the most impactful and noteworthy charts in the financial markets in 2016.



Read
the rest...

Archives











Sign Up for FREE
Learn more about our
active, risk-managed style of investing and why it may
be the only chance for investment survival over the next decade. Sign
up for our FREE e-newsletter.

Email Address: 







 Close










J. Lyons Fund Management, Inc. ©
2016    |    Disclosures 
  |    Privacy
Policy
 
JLFMI Disclosures






 





HOME
ABOUT US
PHILOSOPHY
SERVICE
NEWSLETTER
CONTACT








Disclosures
This J Lyons
Fund Management, Inc web site, www.jlfmi.com, is
limited to the dissemination of the results of our market
analysis as well as general investment-related information together
with
possible access to additional publications and links. Accordingly, the
publication of jlfmi.com’s web site on the
Internet should not be construed by any viewer or prospective
or existing client as a solicitation to effect or attempt to effect
transactions in securities or the rendering of personalized investment
advice over the Internet.
Viewers
or prospective or existing clients are solely responsible for
choosing investments for their investment purposes based on their own
risk
tolerance and general circumstances. J Lyons Fund
Management, Inc does not make any representations or warranties as to
the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of
any
information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to
jlfmi.com’s web site or incorporated herein, and takes
no responsibility therefor. All such information is provided solely for
convenience purposes only and all users thereof should be guided
accordingly.
Any
reference to past
performance may not be indicative of future results. Therefore, no
viewer or prospective or existing client should assume
that future performance of any specific investment or investment
strategy,
including the investments and/or investment strategies made reference
to
directly or indirectly by J Lyons Fund Management, Inc
in its web site, or indirectly via a link to an unaffiliated third
party web
site, will be profitable or equal any historical performance level(s).
Please
remember that different types of investments involve varying degrees of
risk,
and there can be no assurance that any specific investment will be
suitable for
a viewer or prospective or existing client’s
investment portfolio.
Historical
performance results for investment indices and/or categories generally
do not
reflect the deduction of transaction and/or custodial charges, the
deduction of
an investment management fee, nor the impact of taxes, the incurrence
of which
would have the effect of decreasing historical performance results.
Certain
portions of the jlfmi.com
web site (i.e. newsletters, articles, commentaries, etc.) may contain a
discussion of, and/or provide access to, positions and/or
recommendations as of
a specific prior date. Due to various factors, including changing
market
conditions, such discussion may no longer be reflective of current
position(s)
and/or recommendation(s). Moreover, no viewer or
prospective or existing client should assume that any such discussion
serves as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized advice from
an
investment professional.
To the
extent that any viewer or prospective or existing
client uses any economic calculator or similar device contained within
or linked to the jlfmi.com web site, such
individuals acknowledge and understand
that the information
resulting from the use of any such calculator/device, is not, and
should not be
construed, in any manner whatsoever, as the receipt of, or a substitute
for,
personalized individual advice from an investment professional.
J
Lyons Fund Management, Inc
is neither an attorney nor an accountant, and no portion of the web
site
content should be interpreted as legal, accounting or tax advice.
J
Lyons Fund Management, Inc
does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy,
timeliness,
suitability, completeness or relevance of any information prepared by
any
unaffiliated third party, whether linked to the jlfmi.com
web site or incorporated herein, and takes no responsibility therefore.
All
such information is provided solely for convenience purposes only and
all users
thereof should be guided accordingly.
Each viewer or
prospective or existing client agrees, as a
condition precedent to his/her/its access to the jlfmi.com
web site, to release and hold harmless J Lyons Fund
Management, Inc, its officers, directors, owners, employees and agents
from any and all adverse consequences resulting from any of his/her/its
actions
and/or omissions which are independent of his/her/its receipt of access
to the jlfmi.com web site.
J Lyons Fund Management,
Inc. is an Illinois Registered Investment Advisor
founded in
1985.





Check
Out Our BLOG on Yahoo Finance 






Newsletter


 
December 2016 Issue

2016 Charts Of The Year

A look back at the most impactful and noteworthy charts in the financial markets in 2016.


Read
the rest...

Archives











Sign Up for FREE
Learn more about our
active, risk-managed style of investing and why it may
be the only chance for investment survival over the next decade. Sign
up for our FREE e-newsletter.

Email Address: 







 Close










J. Lyons Fund Management, Inc. ©
2016    |    Disclosures 
  |    Privacy
Policy
 
JLFMI President John S. Lyons - A true investment pioneer







 





home
about
us
philosophy
service
newsletter
contact










JLFMI
President John S. Lyons: A True Investment Pioneer

Hi,
I’m John S. Lyons, founder and President of J. Lyons Fund Management,
Inc. I'd like to dispel some of the "conventional" investment advice
that is destroying the financial well being of Main Street
investors. The truth
is,
advice from Wall Street such as "buy & hold"
discourages investors from selling because A) advisors would
make less money, and B) they don’t know when to sell anyway.
Unfortunately, as
investors have recently learned the hard way, an investment approach
which does not reduce risk by occasionally selling at appropriate times
guarantees big losses any
time the market declines significantly.
I began my
investment career at a major
Wall Street
firm in the late
60s
and quickly learned
that "SELL" is a four-letter word in the industry. After suffering through two bear
markets right off the bat, I
knew there had to be an alternative to my clients suffering large
losses
every time the stock market took a hit. So
in the mid-70s, with no help from my firm,  I
embarked on a mission to determine when to be invested in the market
and when to get out. The result was an investment approach I helped
pioneer, known now as
“active management", the goal of which is to provide consistent
long-term returns AND
protection from substantial losses.. The same
principles I developed then continue to guide the way JLFMI manages our
clients' assets today.
These
principles
have helped us protect our clients from big losses during every
significant market decline since 1985, including the aftermath of the
tech bubble in
2000-2002 and the crash of 2008. If you have
come to realize how vulnerable
your investments are and would like more protection,
please contact
us
and we'd be happy to discuss how we can help you.
Back to the Home Page





Check
Out Our BLOG on Yahoo Finance 






Newsletter


 
December 2016 Issue

2016 Charts Of The Year

A look back at the most impactful and noteworthy charts in the financial markets in 2016.



Read
the rest...

Archives











Sign Up for FREE
Learn more about our
active, risk-managed style of investing and why it may
be the only chance for investment survival over the next decade. Sign
up for our FREE e-newsletter.

Email Address: 







 Close












J. Lyons Fund Management, Inc. ©
2016    |    Disclosures 
  |    Privacy
Policy


JLFMI Management Service







 





home
about us
philosophy
service
newsletter
contact










JLFMI Investment Management Service
J. Lyons
Fund Management, Inc.
provides discretionary management of investment accounts. That simply
means that we remove for you the burden of managing your own
investments and implement the entire process for you -- from the
decision-making to the implementation of the investment strategy.
You
can rest assured that as we provide this service, your assets
are securely held by an independent trust company. We have no
access to your funds whatsoever, only the ability to manage the funds.
(Additionally,
arrangements can be made to manage your 401(k) or other retirement plan
where it exists in cases where it is still active and cannot be moved.)
Allowing us to assume the responsibility of managing your investments
will allow you to focus your time and energy on the other important
things in your life.
JLFMI's
investment objective is to
outperform the market over a complete bull and bear market cycle -- and
to do it with substantially
less risk. To accomplish that objective, we
use proprietary models to identify favorable times to invest in the
market as well as the best areas in which to invest at any given time.
Importantly -- and the characteristic that sets us apart from
most advisors -- is that we actively and continuously monitor the level
of risk in the
market and will take decisive steps to protect our
clients' assets when that risk gets too high. For example, on September
15, 2008, we placed our clients' assets in a 100% cash position,
protecting them during one of the worst stock market declines in
history.
The J. Lyons Fund
Management, Inc. investment approach, combined
with discipline and 40 years of investment experience, has allowed
JLFMI to meet its objective, even through the
harshest investment climates.



Learn
more about JLFMI's Management System and Service

Investment
Approach ("How
do you
manage your clients' money?")
Custody
of Assets
("How do I know
my money is safe?")
Eligibility
("Can JLFMI manage my
investment account?")
Fees ("What does your management
service cost?")




Investment Approach ("How do you manage your
clients' money?")
The goal of JLFMI's investment apporach is simple: invest
our clients' assets for the greater part of significant stock
market advances -- and protect their assets during the greater part
of significant declines.
Conversely, the typical advice from Wall Street and the rest of the
investment "establishment" is simply “buy and hold”. Unfortunately,
that advice is often self-serving, designed to prevent assets from
going elsewhere. Moreover, an examination of the past
10 years will clearly show how ineffectual it is. In fact, a look at
the history of investing in general will only reinforce the conclusion
that buying and holding eventually will lead to a disastrous
conclusion. Moreover, that danger is compounded should you begin that
"holding" at a high in the market, which unfortunately is when the
average investor becomes most bullish. 
The most important objective in investing according
to Warren Buffet is not to lose money. We have to imagine that most
investment professionals offering advice to clients feel the same way
about their own money and at least attempt to take steps to avoid
damaging losses of their own. We don't believe that individual
investors should be treated any differently.
We do believe that:

The
greatest potential investment returns historically come from the stock
market and
There
are times to be invested in the stock market and there are times to not
be invested (e.g., 2000 - 2003 and 2007 - 2009).


As our clients have witnessed
for decades, we do not
believe it is inevitable to take big investment
losses. In fact, we believe that the ability to avoid such large losses
is the biggest key in achieving long-term investment success.
Therefore, we long ago developed two proprietary tools, a Risk
Model and a Fund Selection
Model, to help us take advantage of the profit potential that stock
markets can offer while also protecting our clients' assets during
the rough times. Specifically, these two models help us to answer the
two
necessary question in investing: When
to be invested?
and What to invest in?

The JLFMI Risk Model
- When to be invested?
Central
in our strategy is the proprietary J.
Lyons Fund Management, Inc. Risk Model, which aids us in being on the
right side of significant stock market moves. It was developed in the
mid-1970's by JLFMI
founder and president, John S. Lyons, and has been in use now
since 1978. The Model consists of several data sets derived
directly from the
stock market itself which represent various measures
of risk and momentum in the market. Collectively, they provide us with
a reading on the overall level of risk present in the market and
dictate our investment posture. When the Model is in a "Buy" mode, it
is indicating that the market risk is low enough that
significant investment exposure is warranted. Conversely, when the
Model is in a "Sell" mode, it is a warning that the risk
present in the market is high enough that our focus should be on
protecting our capital, meaning little or no investment exposure.
Learn more about the JLFMI Risk Model

The JLFMI Fund Selection Model
- What to invest in?
If
the Risk Model indicates that it is appropriate to be invested, the
next decision is what to invest in. At
any given time, some areas of the market are performing well while
others
are doing little or nothing. Therefore, it is neither productive nor
even
conservative to simply diversify across all segments of the market.
This
type of diversification only dilutes returns during up
trends while
often providing inadequate protection in down trends. Our philosophy on
investment selection is to concentrate on the best performing areas of
the market (including the various market caps, sectors, foreign
markets, commodities, etc.) Our
revolutionary Fund Selection Model identifies those mutual funds and
exchange traded funds that
currently have the potential for the best future performance relative
to other available funds.

Learn more about the JLFMI
Fund Selection Model


Our
success in developing and utilizing our investment techniques has
depended upon objectivity, discipline and thoughtful planning. Your
success in
deploying your investable funds will depend upon the same factors. We
are very willing to discuss our services at length with you so that you
will be better prepared to make the correct decision when considering
the great number of investment alternatives available to you.
For
more insight into our unique investment approach and why we believe it
is imperative for investors to adopt at least a variation of the
approach, see our Investment
Philosophy.


Custody of Assets ("How do I know my money is
safe?")
J.
Lyons Fund Management, Inc. never has possession of our clients'
assets. We receive authorization from clients only to manage
the
investments within
their account.
Client funds are primarily held at Millennium
Trust
Company in Oak Brook, IL, which serves as the custodian for the assets.
At no time do we, or anyone else, have access to withdraw funds from
your account, except for fees as disclosed in our Client-Advisor
Agreement. The only one authorized to withdraw funds is the account
owner and the only place funds can be sent is to the address of record
on the account. Clients can elect to have online access to
their portfolio status and Millennium furnishes quarterly
statements and annual 1099 forms where applicable. All uninvested funds
at Millennium enjoy the full FDIC insurance
coverage as allowed by law. More information about Millennium Trust can
be found here.
 
Eligibility
("Can JLFMI manage my
particular investment account?")
Because
of our investment approach, we feel JLFMI's management
service can help almost any type of investor with almost any
investment account. We do have a focus on retirement
account management because 1) we have considerable experience and
expertise in that area and with the types of investments typically
associated with it, and 2) a great percentage of the investable assets
in this country are in retirement accounts. Because the growth of
retirement accounts is so essential to their owners and because so
little practical investment assistance is available to existing 401(k)
plan participants and IRA owners, it has long been a commitment of J
Lyons Fund Management to serve these “forgotten investors”.
However, whether you are a high-net
worth investor or a retirement account investor, whether you have
taxable money you want to invest or an IRA, 401(k) plan or other type
of
retirement plan, we believe our focus on targeting growth opportunities
when they exist while actively reducing risk can help provide the
long-term growth that is the objective of all investors.
JLFMI does
have a minimum required investment amount of $50,000. However, even if
your
account does not qualify for that amount, please contact
us.
There is such a lack of quality investment assistance available that we
would still like to help you find an effective solution and we have
some ideas for you.

Fees
("What does your
management service cost?")
J.
Lyons Fund Management, Inc. is a fee-only investment advisor. Our
management fee is based on a percentage of the client's assets.
We feel this is the most appropriate structure as it keeps our
objectives in line with your objectives as a client -- our compensation
rises only if the value of your account rises. JLFMI is independent of
any affiliation with any other firm and, as such, the decisions we make
are
not influenced by any self-serving interests whatsoever but
are solely based on the best interest of the client. Importantly as
well, we
receive no fees or commissions from any other entity.
Our
fee structure is clear and straightforward. Our management
fee is 2% annually and is billed on a quarterly basis (i.e.,
0.5% per quarter based on the value of the account at quarter's end.)
You will not receive any surprise,
"fine
print" charges. For
accounts custodied at Millennium Trust, there is a
quarterly administrative fee of $75. Most
accounts can have their fees withdrawn directly from their account.
Please contact us
if you have any questions.





Check
Out Our BLOG on Yahoo Finance 






Newsletter


 
December 2016 Issue

2016 Charts Of The Year

A look back at the most impactful and noteworthy charts in the financial markets in 2016.



Read
the rest...

Archives











Sign Up for FREE
Learn more about our
active, risk-managed style of investing and why it may
be the only chance for investment survival over the next decade. Sign
up for our FREE e-newsletter.

Email Address: 







 Close











J. Lyons Fund Management, Inc. ©
2016    |    Disclosures 
  |    Privacy
Policy



Steve Lyons Fund — Products

































Steve Lyons Fund



  0 Items: $0.00
Pages 
Shop 








Shop 
Pages 




All Products
Tickets


Contact
Back to Site




Products






2017 Rock Out! Cookout PRE-SALE Ticket
$15.00
On Sale










SLF Rock Out! Cookout - $50.00 FAMILY BUNDLE
$50.00
On Sale










Steve Lyons DONATE NOW.
$5.00






   











Steve Lyons Fund — Home



























Steve Lyons Fund



  0 Items: $0.00
Pages 
Shop 








Shop 
Pages 




All Products
Tickets


Contact
Back to Site




Featured Products






2017 Rock Out! Cookout PRE-SALE Ticket
$15.00
On Sale










SLF Rock Out! Cookout - $50.00 FAMILY BUNDLE
$50.00
On Sale










Steve Lyons DONATE NOW.
$5.00

















LYONS FUND - CANTON, MA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



CANTON



Membership organizations, Nec



Charitable Organization



                            LYONS FUND
                                    



 





















L 


LYONS FUND
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



20 STRATFORD RD CANTON, MA 02021
Get Directions



(781) 821-9285





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $82,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Charitable Organization
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Lyons Fund has estimated annual revenues of $82,000.00 and also employs an estimated 2 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















J Lyons Fund Management Inc in Deerfield, IL 60015 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Illinois
» Deerfield
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» J Lyons Fund Management Inc













J Lyons Fund Management Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





310 Forsythia Dr  Deerfield, Illinois 60015


(847) 317-4949


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
J Lyons Fund Management Inc is located at the address 310 Forsythia Dr in Deerfield, Illinois 60015.  They can be contacted via phone at (847) 317-4949 for pricing, hours and directions.  J Lyons Fund Management Inc has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999.  .For more information contact John  Lyons, PresidentJ Lyons Fund Management Inc provides Banking, Financial Services, Business Banking to it's customers.  For maps and directions to J Lyons Fund Management Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of J Lyons Fund Management Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Securities
, Money Markets
, Industrial Policies
, Certificates Of Deposit
, Stocks
, Family Policies
, Commodities
, Combination Policies
, Agency Bonds
, Self-Employed Policies



SERVICES


Business Banking
, Financial Services
, Financial Management
, Retirement Planning
, Banking
, Corporate Services
, Wealth Management
, Private Banking
, Charitable Giving
, Short Term Planning



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (847) 317-4949
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: John
Main Contact Last Name: Lyons
Main Contact Title: President
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 1750000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Banking Services
Finance
Commercial Banking
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Eci Investment Advisors  Inc


930 Kenton Rd  Deerfield, Illinois 60015




Alan Town Investments  Llc


655 Deerfield Rd  Deerfield, Illinois 60015




Strategic Wealth Partners


520 Lake Cook Road Suite 270 Deerfield, Illinois 60015




SNP Consortium


3 Parkway N Ste 150N Deerfield, Illinois 60015




Capital Resource Management, Inc


540 Lake Cook Rd Ste 180 Deerfield, Illinois 60015





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




John  Lyons
PRESIDENT
Phone: (847) 317-4949 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










JLFMI Newsletter-December 2016: 2016 Charts Of The Year







 





home
about us
philosophy
service
newsletter
contact










J.
Lyons Fund Management, Inc. Newsletter


Our Newsletter Mission
Investors
are constantly bombarded with the same, stale advice by
the mainstream investment
“establishment”.
This advice, like "buy-and-hold",
has a dismal track record in protecting investors from
losses (see the 2000-02
and 2007-09 bloodbaths for evidence.) There is a better
alternative for investors. An Active Management strategy that targets
growth opportunities while also providing significant protection during
market declines is a sounder approach to investing. The mission of the
JLFMI Newsletter is to spread this
message by
familiarizing investors with the concept of Active Management as well
as providing a taste of JLFMI's proprietary market analysis based on
that concept. Check here regularly for the latest
issue or sign up to have the newsletter emailed to you.






December 2016

Posted 
December 31, 2016 








Tweet













2016
Charts Of The Year


As 2016 draws to a close, we again take a look back -- in chart form
-- at the noteworthy events
that took place across the financial markets this year. It was
certainly another exciting year with many potentially major shifts
taking place and plenty of weighty questions to be addressed. Has
the secular bear market in bond yields finally ended? Has the
deflationary spiral in commodities, including oil and gold, hit bottom?
Is the U.S. Dollar embarking on another major leg higher? Is the Euro
on its way to parity -- and beyond? Will the "Trump Rally" in
industrial metals, construction and infrastructure signify a
sustainable development? Will the inexorable bull market in U.S.
equities continue to greater heights? Does the fact that the Cubs won
the World Series mean we are all doomed? Clues to these questions
(except for that last one) and more may be found in our 2016 Charts Of
The Year.These charts aren't necessarily our most popular ones (see The
5 Most Viewed Charts Of 2016 for
those). Consider
these our "editor's picks". The charts range from those
that had the most impact on the
markets in 2016 to those that may have the most impact on 2017 to those
whose impact is totally unknown to us. They don't necessarily
include after-shots of the big movers of the year. However, you will 
see "before" shots of many of the big movers. After all, we are money
managers and the objective behind these charts is to identify
potentially profitable moves before they happen. Finally, there is
our
chart of the
year for 2016. We
would love to know which charts you feel should have been included so
feel free to send along your feedback. We thank you again very much for
your
viewership this year and wish you all a very healthy and prosperous
2017. So, without further ado, here are our 2016
Charts Of The Year:


Disclaimer:
While
this study is a useful exercise,
JLFMI's actual investment decisions are based on our proprietary
models. Therefore, the conclusions based on the study in this
newsletter
may or may not be consistent with JLFMI's actual investment posture at
any given time. Additionally, the commentary here should not
be taken as a
recommendation to invest in any specific securities or according to any
specific methodologies.




2016
Charts Of The Year
(in
[mostly] chronological order -- click on the titles to visit the respective
posts):

What’s Next For Stocks After Record New Year Week 1 Hangover? -
January 11

With nearly a year gone by, investors may forget that 2016 actually
saw the weakest start to a year in the history of the Dow Jones
Industrial Average -- with a loss of more than 6% during the first
week. The fact that stocks rebounded strongly from their tough start,
and avoided the fate of many previous poor-starting years, has likely
also helped investors to forget. 


BREAKING!: The Bull Market? - January 7

The
early-2016 thumping, on top of the late-2015 weakness, had
stocks threatening critical levels (e.g., trendlines, Fibonacci
Retracements, etc.) related to the potential survival of the post-2009
bull market. On January 6, several key indices, including the Value
Line Geometric Composite and the Global Dow Index, convincingly broke
such levels. This break had us wondering if it was the final blow to
the bull market. It also, based on our work, opened up a further
immediate 10%-12% of downside in the indices. 

UPDATE>>Just 2 Weeks After Breakdown, Key Index Hits Ground Floor - January 21



Well, it took just 2 weeks for the Value Line Geometric Composite to
achieve that further 12% drop. On January 20, the index reached the
next level of major Fibonacci Retracements that we had ear-marked. As
it turns out, that day would mark the low for the year in the Value
Line Geometric Composite.

Key Global Equity Index Takes Elevator Down To Support - January 22


Similarly, it took just 2 weeks for the Global Dow to fulfill its 10%
of immediate risk to the downside. As with the Value Line, the Global
Dow would form its low for the year on January 20...along with a
mid-February retest.
New Lows Hit ‘Wash-Out’ Territory - January 21


This was the most viewed post/chart on our blog in 2016. As
beleaguered investors wondered when the blood-letting in the stock
market would stop, signs of capitulation began to pile up in late
January. Included among them was the preponderance of New Lows on the
NYSE, which soared to over 40% of all issues on January 20. While not
perfect, this level has very reliably signaled truly "washed-out"
conditions in the past. And as with past incidents, this marked the
very low for the decline, and for the year.

Gold Stocks Hit Lowest Levels.  Ever. - January 14

Coming into 2016, no one was more depressed than gold bugs. The PHLX
Gold/Silver Index (XAU) began the year mired in a 5-year slump that saw
it
lose over 80% of its value. On January 14, the XAU would close at its
lowest level in the over 30-year history of the index. Enough said.

Gold Stocks At Key Juncture? - January 26

After a further, swift plunge, the XAU would bounce back to
challenge its January 14 breakdown level. In one of our most popular
posts of the year, we wondered if the breakdown level would send gold
stocks on a fresh leg down -- or if the XAU would reclaim the level,
creating a potentially explosive false breakdown. It turned out to be
the latter as, prior to some year-end weakness, the XAU went on to
nearly triple its value by August.


Jamie Dimon Banking On Financial Stocks Bouncing Here - February 12

U.S. stocks tested their January lows in mid-February as many
sectors reached key chart support. Included among them was the KBW Bank
Index (BKX). Coinciding with Jamie Dimon's high profile purchase of JP
Morgan stock, the BKX tested its post-2009 UP trendline and other key
levels. It would end up being a very well-timed purchase as both the
BKX and JPM stock formed their low for the year on February 11,
preceding rallies of over 60% in each of them. 

Brazil’s Bovespa Is Once Again…The Most Interesting Chart In The World -
March 1

Our vote for international stock market of the year goes to Brazil.
Representative of the woeful performance in emerging market equities in
recent years, Brazil came into 2016 in the midst of a 5-year bear
market. In early January, it would break below major 3-year support,
tumbling to 7-year lows. However, like the XAU, the Brazilian Bovespa
would bounce back to test its breakdown area in early March. And like
the XAU, the Bovespa would reclaim that level, creating a false
breakdown and launching it on an eventual 75% rally, low to high.
The Line In The (Oil) Sand - March 8

Another beleaguered area of the market coming into 2016 was the oil
complex. Both the commodity and the oil stocks were victims of the
devastating deflationary spiral gripping commodities for the past 2
years. In early 2016, the NYSE Oil & Gas Index (XOI) actually broke
below its 30-year trendline stemming back to its 1986 lows. In a key
development, the XOI would go on to recover that trendline and has
fought to remain above it all year.

Did THIS Just Breathe New Life Into The Bull Market? - April 14

One reason we surmised that the 2015 stock market top might have
marked the end of the post-2009 bull market was the divergence of the
NYSE Advance-Decline Line at the May high in the S&P 500. Failures
of the A-D Line to confirm new highs have been present at every
cyclical market top in the last 50 years. For that reason, we noted
that bulls should breathe a little easier upon the A-D Line reaching a
new high in April of this year. That suggested that the S&P 500
would go on to make at least one more new high before the bull market
was over -- which, of course, it has.


Will The (Falling) Buck Stop Here? -
May 3

One
of the biggest developments of the year in the financial markets was
the post-election breakout to
13-year highs by the U.S. Dollar. Back in the spring, however, folks
weren't so positive on the Dollar as it had been stuck in the mud for
12 months. In our view, the year-long consolidation was a healthy
digestion of its furious 2014 rally. The question was where would the
Dollar bounce? To us, the test of the intersection of its broken
post-2015 and post-1985 Down trendlines that we noted on May 3 was as
good a place as any. As it turns out, that was
the low day of the year in the Dollar and preceded its eventual
breakout.



Has Everyone Moved To The Bullish Side Of The Bond Boat? - June 13

Another potentially huge development this year was the possible
reversal of the 35-year secular downtrend in yields. As we noted in
this June post, while yields continued to fall, it seemed that investor
psychology regarding rates was changing. As the near-record net-short
position in bond futures by the "smart money" commercial hedgers
suggested, the investment community no longer seemed to view rising
rates as an inevitable path as they had for over a decade. And perhaps,
we surmised, it would be just that widespread shift in expectations to
the bullish side of the bond boat that might allow for the long-awaited
bottom in interest rates…eventually. 2 weeks after that post, bond
yields would hit an all-time low before jumping 50% into the end of the
year.


A Wake Up Call For International Stocks - June 17

One trend that did not reverse this year was the under-performance
by international equities versus their U.S. counterparts. In fact, it
accelerated, as noted by this chart showing the ratio of the
international MSCI EAFE index to the S&P 500 hitting an all-time
low. Eventually this will reverse as well -- just not this year.


Not Your Everyday Pounding - June 24

One of 2016's defining exogenous events that had the biggest impact
on markets was Brexit. The surprising vote by Britain to leave the
European Union sent shock waves through the markets, some short-term and
some more meaningful. One of the more meaningful reactions was the drop
in the British Pound below major support down to 30-year lows.


Europe’s Bull Market Hanging In The Balance - June 27

Like
the EAFE, European equity markets have been a perpetual under-performer
for years, or even decades. In the Brexit aftermath, the broad-based Dow Jones STOXX Europe 600 plunged
lower to test its post-2009 bull market Up trendline, as well as some
key Fibonacci levels. The level would hold, for now, as the STOXX 600
bottomed the day after our post. However, it still has not invalidated
a potentially ominous-looking pattern that proved to be the index's
undoing in 2001 and 2008.Will Epic Line Of Resistance Turn Support For Japanese Stocks? - June 28
One international market that had been a perpetual under-performer
for decades is Japan. However, in the past few years, its Nikkei 225
index has attempted to finally reverse its bear market that had defined
it since its 1990 top. In 2014, the index broke its multi-decade Down
trendline. In both February and June of this year, the Nikkei came back
down to test the broken trendline, holding both times. Could this be
the onset of a major shift higher in Japanese equities?


Was The 52-Week High Worth The Wait? -
July 9

After topping out in May 2015, the S&P 500 would not hit a
52-week high again until this past July. As the chart shows, prior
precedents suggest the new high was worth the wait. Since 1950,
all 12 similar long waits resulted in gains over the next 1 and 2
years.
Investor Complacency Is Smashing Records - August 19

As investors waited for stocks to finally break out to new highs,
sentiment remained consistently depressed. In fact, one of the factors
we thought argued for eventual new highs in the indices was the still
somewhat fearful investor sentiment. Only when new highs were achieved,
we theorized, would sentiment finally improve. Upon July's breakout,
sentiment did indeed improve -- and then some. By August, not only were
investors no longer fearful, they were complacent to historic extremes.
At least that was the signal being sent by looking at the term
structure of the S&P 500 volatility indices. By mid to late-August,
the 1-month volatility expectations (VIX) relative to the 3-month (VXV)
had dropped lower, and stayed lower, than any point in the data's
history. This was a red flag for stocks.
Here Comes The Rising Rate Ruckus Again - August 26

The long-awaited rising rates
theme applied to short-term rates as well, like the 2-Year Treasury
Yield. Obviously more influenced by the Fed's ultra-low Fed Funds rate,
the 2-Year Yield had been trudging along rock-bottom ever since the
massive Fed intervention began in 2008. Every twitch higher since had
been summarily beaten down. In August, we felt the 2-Year Yield might
actually get some traction to the upside if it could surmount the Down
trendlines stemming from both early in the year -- and 1981. In doing
so, the 2-Year Yield could also create a false breakdown following its
post-Brexit plunge. It took until after the election, but the 2-Year
Yield was indeed successful in breaking above that key area. When all
was said and done, the 2-Year Yield had doubled off of its post-Brexit
low -- and had finally given the rising rates crowd some evidence to
back up their mantra.

Stock Market Levitation Hits Historic Heights - August 31

In between bouts of
extreme volatility (e.g., early-2016, post-Brexit, post-election), the
stock market also experienced historic stretches of calm during 2016.
We noted one remarkable such stretch in late August whereby the S&P
500 closed 39 consecutive days within 1% of its 52-week high. This was
the 2nd longest such streak in 50 years -- and took the term dog days
of August to a new level.
Stocks’ Trading Range Now Beyond Compare - September 6

Another remarkable measure of stocks' periodic bouts of inactivity
during the year occurred during the same time frame as the previous
chart. Specifically, from mid-July to early-August, the Dow Jones
Industrial Average saw a 40-day stretch in which its entire high-low
range was a mere 2.27%. If you think that's tight, you're right. In
fact, it was the tightest in at least 100 years. From periods of calm
come volatility surges, they say, and the rest of the year would
certainly see an uptick in volatility, as the next chart demonstrates. 


1 > 40 - September 12

On September 9, the Dow broke out of its tight 40-day range -- with
a vengeance. In one of the more incredible statistical anomalies of the
year, the September 9 loss of -2.45% was greater than the entire 40-day
range preceding it. This was just the 4th such example we could find of
such an explosive range break. As the chart shows, however, similar
historical events showed a consistent tendency to bounce back.

The B.R.I.C.’s Are Rebuilding - September 7

As mentioned regarding Brazil, most emerging market equity markets
have been dead money for at least half a decade. This includes the
so-called "BRIC's", i.e., Brazil, Russia, India and China, a grouping
made popular due to their simultaneous strong performance in the mid to
late-2000's. The group, as a whole, began to come to life again this
year so we constructed a composite of the 4 countries in order to track
the collective performance. As it turns out, in late summer, the BRIC
Composite moved to all-time highs, finally surpassing the highs of 2007
and 2015. Of course, these markets have benefited from the effects of
their weak local currencies. However, this was a re-emergence, nearly a
decade in the waiting, that bears watching.
Brexit Disaster Propels British Stocks To Record Highs - October 5

If there is any group of people that had a worse 2016 than bears in
almost any non-currency asset, it would have to
be prognosticators, pundits and pollsters. That's because they got
pretty much all of the major events wrong in 2016, whether it was the
U.S. presidential election, Brexit, etc. Brexit was a particularly
stunning misfire as it seems nobody correctly predicted the result of
the referendum. To make matters worse, the forecasters badly erred in
their predictions as to how markets would react in a Brexit scenario.
Far from the disaster that had been predicted for British markets, the
U.K. FTSE-100 reversed its initial post-Brexit plunge and was
actually higher within a week. Furthermore, by 3 months later, it had
rallied some 23% off of its initial post-Brexit low -- and touched a
new all-time high. Obviously some of that move was due to the pound
getting, er, pounded. But Brexit was far from the financial armageddon
for Great Britain that it was predicted to be.  


Can Biotech Stocks Stay “Trendy”? - October 14

The hottest sector the planet for 2 and a half years before topping
(popping?) in mid-2015, the biotechs spent 2016 in straight up survival
mode. In February, the NYSE Biotech Index (BTK) had dropped as
low as 42% off of its 2015 peak. It finally found a bottom
precisely on its post-2009 Up trendline line. It has spent the rest of
the year, right up to the bitter end, repeatedly testing that
trendline. You know what we say about the more times and more frequent
a trendline gets tested -- the more likely it is to break.
Additionally, given the shallow trajectory of the BTK bounce,
especially compared to its rapid descent, and given its steep discount
to its all-time high even while many sectors are at new highs, and the
future looks dicey for the biotechs. That said, if this once-trendy
sector can somehow manage to re-ignite its former ascent, it could be a
boon to the market.


Traders Breathe Unprecedented Sigh Of Relief Following Election - November 11

Well, like Brexit, the forecasters missed badly with the U.S.
presidential election as well. They missed badly with the market
reaction too. While it was supposedly common thought that a Donald
Trump victory would result in a substantial stock market correction, it
didn't work out that way. Instead, stocks embarked on a blistering
rally and relative near-term volatility expectations collapsed at an
unprecedented rate. Market 2 - Forecasters 0.

Market Insanity Ensues Post-Election - November 10
It
wasn't just that markets' reactions to the election were unexpected --
many of them were also just plain strange. In fact, the week following
the election will probably go down as the most bizarre trading week we
have ever witnessed. Commodities and currencies were moving at hyper
speed in all directions, most of the bond market was crashing and,
depending on the sector, stocks were either soaring or plunging.
And while we did not write a post on it, the chart above perhaps best
sums up the craziness following the election. As it
shows, November 10, 2 days after the election, will go down as one
of the most bizarre data days in stock market history. That's because
the Dow closed the day higher by more than 1%, yet there was negative
breadth on the NYSE. At the same time, the Nasdaq 100 closed down more
than 1.5%, yet the breadth on the Nasdaq was actually positive. That is
a combination that may never occur on the same day again.
Rising Rates (Really) Reaching Resistance? - November 22
As
mentioned, among the reactions following the election was one of the
largest and swiftest jumps in bond yields in history. Yields sliced
through any and all perceived resistance for the duration of the month.
By late November, the 10-Year Treasury Yield (TNX) arrived at what we
surmised would be the spot to at least slow down the interest rate
advance. Around the 2.40%, the TNX encountered the post-2007 Down
trendline which contained the entirety of the central bank-induced
extraordinary low rate environment. Also in the vicinity were Fibonacci
Retracement lines from all the key points since the 2007 high. Even
this level was unable to slow down the newfound, veritable rising rates
trend. In breaking the resistance related to the post-2007 regime,
it places yields back within the confines of the post-1981 secular bear
market regime. Thus, it likely sets up another date with the most
notorious trendline still in effect in all of the financial markets --
the post-1981 Down trendline in yields.


Is Industrial Metals Surge A Sign Of Growth In Economy, Market? - November 30

Another beneficiary of the post-election Trump Trade was anything related to construction and
infrastructure resources, including industrial metals. This was a big
topic since industrial metals are said to be a barometer of economic
demand. And as we've discovered in past studies, there appears to be
some validity to that notion as it applies to both the economy and
the stock market. Shown here as the ratio of industrial metals to
precious metals, the industrial metals skyrocketed on a relative basis
following the election. This was following a key hold of support for
the 4th time since 2009 earlier in the year. The ratio did find
resistance at the post-2010 Down trendline, however, which has since put
a halt to the rally in industrial metals. If the ratio can't surmount
the trendline, it could potentially serve as a warning sign for the
growth in stocks and the economy. If, on the other hand, the sharp
rally in Industrial Metals is for real and durable, then perhaps the
ratio will break out – and take stocks and the economy along for the
ride.


Forget 20K – THIS Is The Stock Market Level To Watch- December 14

With all of the stock index breakouts following the election, it may be
difficult to imagine that one index -- perhaps the most important --
has not yet broken to new high ground. The Value Line Geometric
Composite (VLG), which tracks the median stock performance among a
universe of 1800 stocks, formed a tri-decadal triple top near the 520
level In 1998, 2007 and 2014-2015. Just recently, the VLG again
approached that level but was repelled. Despite that recent failure,
the fact that the VLG has clawed its way from a seemingly irrecoverable
drop back to its former highs should be a source of optimism for
bulls. Like the non-confirmation in the Advance-Decline Line, the VLG's
2015 divergence and subsequent rout was another piece of evidence that
led us to believe that a cyclical market top was at hand. That evidence
is now immaterial with the VLG back at its former highs. And should the
VLG succeed in breaking decisively above its former peaks, its
significance probably cannot be overstated. This would be an extremely
broad market gauge breaking out above 18-year, triple top peaks to new
all-time highs. The short-term, and quite possibly long-term,
ramifications could be exceedingly bullish. 

Euro Going To Parity Like It’s 1999
- December 16


This one wins our in-house award for Headline Of The Year. The flip
side of the U.S. Dollar breakout is the Euro's recent break of support
and drop to 14-year lows near 103. In the process, the currency broke
its post-2000 Up trendline that had held it in 2001 and twice in 2015.
With sentiment that is not overly bearish, including Euro futures
positioning, a drop to parity versus the Dollar would not seem like too
tall of a task at this point. Such an event would mark the only time
other than 1999 that saw the Euro drop down to parity from above.


The
2016 Chart Of The Year:

Investors (Over?-)Prepared For Election Volatility - November 1

Looking back upon the year in the financial markets, over all of the
research and the 100's of posts and charts we published, our #1 market
theme for 2016 was: BTBTD, i.e., "Back To Buying The Dip". After a
rocky 2015, this year saw behavior more reminiscent of the 2013-2014
V-bottom days. And our Chart Of The Year helps explain why. It goes back to the term structure of the volatility indices.It
seemed that in 2016, volatility instruments were the vehicle du jour
for equity market hedging purposes. When investors got nervous, they
bid up the near-term volatility expectations relative to those further
out. And they did it regardless of how
much weakness had already transpired in the equity market. 3 of the
highest readings ever recorded in the ratio of the 8-Day Volatility
Index (VXST) to the 1-Month VIX occurred in 2016. The first occurred,
understandably, into the market rout in January. The other 2,
representing the 2nd and 3rd highest readings ever, occurred prior to
Brexit and the U.S. election. The odd thing about these readings is
that they were registered despite very little stock market weakness to
speak of.Obviously, traders were nervous about the 2 exogenous events and their potential impact on the markets. Now,
normally our inclination upon seeing a sentiment reading at an extreme
would be to fade it. After all, the crowd is notoriously wrong at
extremes. However, the funny thing about this VXST/VIX indicator (and
much of the volatility trade in general) is that the extremes are often
warranted, at least in the short-term. That is, these traders are often
correct, at least briefly. So too were they briefly
correct following the Brexit vote and the U.S. election. However, they
would have had to cash in quickly in order for any payoff. Within days
following Brexit, the market had turned around and started shooting
higher. And even quicker, following a wicked U.S. election night selloff,
stocks began to scream higher by the open of the following day.Why
did the weakness fail to hold following these events? Probably
partially because of the (over-)preparedness of the volatility traders
as we stated. Their substantial hedging going into the events
significantly cushioned the damage incurred
in their aftermath. Without the pain being felt, there was little
reason for stocks to continue to sell off. Then it became a mad rush
for the volatility exits as BTBTD took over. Thank you again to everyone for reading. Here's to another
interesting and prosperous year in 2017!
Dana Lyons
Partner

The
commentary
included in this newsletter is provided for informational purposes
only. It does not constitute a recommendation to invest in any
specific investment product or service. Proper due diligence should be
performed before
investing in any investment vehicle. There is a risk of loss involved
in
all investments. 
Copyright
(C) 2016 J. Lyons Fund Management, Inc.  All rights reserved.





Tweet

















Check
Out Our BLOG on Yahoo Finance 






Newsletter


 

Current
Issue

Archives










Sign Up for FREE
Learn more about our
active, risk-managed style of investing and why it may
be the only chance for investment survival over the next decade. Sign
up for our FREE e-newsletter.

Email Address: 







 Close











J. Lyons Fund Management, Inc. ©
2016    |    Disclosures 
  |    Privacy
Policy



Lyons, J Fund Management Inc - Deerfield, IL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Deerfield



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Lyons, J Fund Management Inc
                                    



 





















L 


Lyons, J Fund Management Inc
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



310 FORSYTHIA DR DEERFIELD, IL 60015
Get Directions



(847) 317-4949
www.jlfmi.com





Business Info



 Founded 1985
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $240,000.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts John Lyons







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1985 the company has been providing Investment Advisory Service. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Grainger Industrial Supply



























Skip to Content

JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use this site. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. Enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, and then try again.






Skip Content





My Account


Order History


Lists


Special Order Quotes






Sign In


    Register Now





































































































KeepStock






	Sign Up for Email
 

Feedback


Help





















			General Catalog



Find A Branch


Services



Auto-Reorder


Emergency Services


Inventory Management


Grainger Lighting Solutions


Grainger Energy Services


Online Purchasing Solutions


Invoices Your Way


Safety Services


Special Orders


Product Services


Extended Protection Plan


Grainger Consulting Services






Solutions



Custom Product Center


Distributor Alliance Program


Emergency Preparedness


Government


Grainger Choice


Green Resources


Industries


Info Library


Knowledge Center


Product Resources


Productivity


Safety Solution Center


Small Business


SupplyLink





Worldwide





More














All Products
































		
		Purchased Products
















					
				Digital Catalogs




Replacement Parts





Abrasives


Adhesives, Sealants and Tape


Cleaning and Janitorial


Electrical


Electronics, Appliances, and Batteries


Fasteners


Fleet and Vehicle Maintenance


Furniture, Hospitality and Food Service


HVAC and Refrigeration


Hardware


Hydraulics



Lab Supplies


Lighting


Lubrication


Machining


Material Handling


Motors


Office Supplies


Outdoor Equipment


Paint, Equipment and Supplies


Plumbing


Pneumatics



Power Transmission


Pumps


Raw Materials


Reference and Learning Supplies


Safety


Security


Test Instruments


Tools


Welding
















 







Bulk Order Pad








Cart 














LYON







Search Feedback

Email



Email









* Recipient First Name:



* Recipient Last Name:



* Recipient Email:





* Recipient First Name:



* Recipient Last Name:



* Recipient Email:


Remove Recipient[X]



* Recipient First Name:



* Recipient Last Name:



* Recipient Email:


Remove Recipient[X]



* Recipient First Name:



* Recipient Last Name:



* Recipient Email:


Remove Recipient[X]



* Recipient First Name:



* Recipient Last Name:



* Recipient Email:


Remove Recipient[X]

Add Another Recipient[X]


* Your First Name:



* Your Last Name:



* Your Email:




Message Body:





View Privacy Policy
					 
			Cancel





Success!





Close


Want to pay an invoice? Please call us at 1-800-GRAINGER (1-800-472-4643).

Print




  

    657 results found that include 1,391 products







nav=%2Fcategory%2Flyon%2Fecatalog%2FN-1z13eo1%3Fs_kwcid%3DAL%25212966%252110%25212533941138%252162017597756




Filter Results By



Search within these results









Previously Purchased





View Previously Purchased Products








Product Categories



Material Handling(902)



Raw Materials(488)



Furniture, Hospitality and Food Service(1)







Branch Availability








							Price





Under $1(4)




$5-$10(1)




$10-$15(4)




$15-$20(4)




$20-$25(2)




$25-$30(1)






$30-$35(2)




$35-$40(5)




$40-$45(9)




$45-$50(2)




$50-$60(4)




$60-$70(13)




$70-$80(6)




$80-$90(6)




$90-$100(19)




$100-$200(487)




$200-$300(72)




$300-$400(134)




$400-$500(126)




$500-$600(110)




$600-$700(70)




$700-$800(74)




$800-$900(77)




$900-$1000(36)




$1000-$1500(72)




$1500-$2000(17)




$2000-$2500(13)




$2500-$3000(5)




$3000-$3500(8)




$3500-$4000(7)




$4500-$5000(1)





View More
View Less






							Shop By





Country of Origin: US(1354)




On Sale(3)




Online Catalog(1339)







							Ratings





5 Stars (6)




4 Stars (3)




3 Stars (1)




1 Stars (1)
















Lyon
Founded in 1901, Lyon has grown to become the largest and leading manufacturer and supplier of top quality lockers, industrial storage and workspace products. Our primary mission is the continuing development of innovative high-quality products that serve our customer's needs and provide the best possible locker, storage and workspace solutions.


 









Sort results by:

Top SellersBrand: A to ZBrand: Z to APrice: Low to HighPrice: High to Low






List

Results per page: 

16 |
        32 | 
        48




1
2
3
4
5...
Next 


















					LYON


					Locker Room Bench

					Locker Room Bench




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Locker Accessories






Price

			
				$232.00–$350.50
			
		



View All 8 Products


View All 8 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	






















					LYON


					Wardrobe Locker

					Wardrobe Locker




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Wardrobe Lockers






Price

			
				$214.50–$1,377.00
			
		



View All 124 Products


View All 124 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	



















Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					Sit/Stand Stool with 23-1/2" to 33-1/2" Seat Height Range and 250 lb. Weight Capacity, Black

					Sit/Stand Stool with 23-1/2" to 33-1/2" Seat Height Range and 250 lb. Weight Capacity, Black


Item #


		 						5NN44



Mfr. Model #
						
							NF2092N





								Sit/Stand Stool, No, Weight Capacity 250 lb., Seat Width 12 In., Seat Depth 8 In., Seat Height Range 23-1/2 In. to 33-1/2 In., Overall Height 36 In., Color Black, Seat Material Polyurethane, Base Material Steel, Features Rotating and Pivoting Seat, No, - Standards

								Sit/Stand Stool, No, Weight Capacity 250 lb., Seat Width 12 In., Seat Depth 8 In., Seat Height Range 23-1/2...More












Category : 


		 	 					Shop Stools







							
							List Price
							


							$422.25
						
/ each




Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
1584 














Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					Plywood Support

					Plywood Support


Item #


		 						32TM93



Mfr. Model #
						
							DD65836





								Plywood Support














Category : 


		 	 					Parts







							
							List Price
							


							$26.15
						
/ each




Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								













Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					Right Hand Lift Handle

					Right Hand Lift Handle


Item #


		 						32TN02



Mfr. Model #
						
							NF6782





								Right Hand Lift Handle














Category : 


		 	 					Parts







							
							List Price
							


							$16.82
						
/ each




Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								













Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					Plywood Support

					Plywood Support


Item #


		 						32TM92



Mfr. Model #
						
							DD65824





								Plywood Support














Category : 


		 	 					Parts







							
							List Price
							


							$22.12
						
/ each




Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								













Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					Locker Handle Housing

					Locker Handle Housing


Item #


		 						32TN01



Mfr. Model #
						
							NF6781





								Locker Handle Housing














Category : 


		 	 					Parts







							
							List Price
							


							$0.36
						
/ each




Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								













Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					Locker Handle Housing

					Locker Handle Housing


Item #


		 						32TN04



Mfr. Model #
						
							NF6741





								Locker Handle Housing, Includes Locker Housing,(2) Bumpers and (2) Screws














Category : 


		 	 					Parts







							
							List Price
							


							$19.50
						
/ each




Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								













Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					Feet for Locker Bench, Rubber, PK4

					Feet for Locker Bench,Rubber,PK4


Item #


		 						8VLM9



Mfr. Model #
						
							NF58224





								Feet for Locker Bench, 6/8 ft., Material Rubber, Package Quantity 4











Category : 


		 	 					Locker Accessories







							
							List Price
							


							$68.35
						
/ pkg. of 4




Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								













Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					36" x 12" x 84" Starter Steel Shelving Unit, Dove Gray

					36" x 12" x 84" Starter Steel Shelving Unit, Dove Gray


Item #


		 						4GYG5



Mfr. Model #
						
							DD8260SX





								Shelving Unit, Starter, Closed, Material Steel, Gauge 18, Number of Shelves 6, Width 36 In., Depth 12 In., Height 84 In., Shelf Capacity 1300 lb., 1-1/2 In. Increments, Dove Gray, Finish Powder Coated, Includes (6) Shelves, (2) Closed Post Side Panels, (24) Clips, 2 Piece Back Panel

								Shelving Unit, Starter, Closed, Material Steel, Gauge 18, Number of Shelves 6, Width 36 In., Depth 12 In.,...More












Category : 


		 	 					Shelving







							
							List Price
							


							$473.75
						
/ each

This item requires special shipping, additional charges may apply.



Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								
















					LYON


					Records Storage Racks

					Records Storage Racks




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Record Archive Storage






Price

			
				$266.25–$476.00
			
		



View All 4 Products


View All 4 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	



















Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					36" x 18" x 84" Add-On Steel Shelving Unit, Dove Gray

					36" x 18" x 84" Add-On Steel Shelving Unit, Dove Gray


Item #


		 						4GYR9



Mfr. Model #
						
							DD8038





								Shelving Unit, Add-On, Closed, Material Steel, Gauge 18, Number of Shelves 5, Width 36 In., Depth 18 In., Height 84 In., Shelf Capacity 750 lb., 1-1/2 In. Increments, Dove Gray, Finish Powder Coated, Includes (5) Shelves, Closed Post Side Panel, (20) Clips, 2 Piece Back Panel

								Shelving Unit, Add-On, Closed, Material Steel, Gauge 18, Number of Shelves 5, Width 36 In., Depth 18 In.,...More












Category : 


		 	 					Shelving







							
							List Price
							


							$366.75
						
/ each

This item requires special shipping, additional charges may apply.



Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								

















					Industrial  Duty Full Height Steel Storage Cabinets with Shelves and Standard Doors

					Industrial  Duty Full Height Steel Storage Cabinets with Shelves and Standard Doors




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Storage Cabinets






Price

			
				$649.50–$919.00
			
		



View All 5 Products


View All 5 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	



















Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					36" x 24" x 84" Add-On Steel Shelving Unit, Dove Gray

					36" x 24" x 84" Add-On Steel Shelving Unit, Dove Gray


Item #


		 						4GYD3



Mfr. Model #
						
							DD8032X





								Shelving Unit, Add-On, Open, Material Steel, Gauge 18, Number of Shelves 7, Width 36 In., Depth 24 In., Height 84 In., Shelf Capacity 1300 lb., 1-1/2 In. Increments, Dove Gray, Finish Powder Coated, Includes (7) Shelves, (2) Posts, (28) Clips, (2) Braces

								Shelving Unit, Add-On, Open, Material Steel, Gauge 18, Number of Shelves 7, Width 36 In., Depth 24 In.,...More












Category : 


		 	 					Shelving







							
							List Price
							


							$520.00
						
/ each

This item requires special shipping, additional charges may apply.



Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								













Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					36" x 12" x 84" Add-On Steel Shelving Unit, Dove Gray

					36" x 12" x 84" Add-On Steel Shelving Unit, Dove Gray


Item #


		 						4GYR7



Mfr. Model #
						
							DD8080





								Shelving Unit, Add-On, Closed, Material Steel, Gauge 18, Number of Shelves 8, Width 36 In., Depth 12 In., Height 84 In., Shelf Capacity 750 lb., 1-1/2 In. Increments, Dove Gray, Finish Powder Coated, Includes (8) Shelves, Closed Post Side Panel, 2-Piece Back Panel

								Shelving Unit, Add-On, Closed, Material Steel, Gauge 18, Number of Shelves 8, Width 36 In., Depth 12 In.,...More












Category : 


		 	 					Shelving







							
							List Price
							


							$468.50
						
/ each

This item requires special shipping, additional charges may apply.



Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								













Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					Locker Room Bench, 2 Pedestals, 6 Ft

					Locker Room Bench,2 Pedestals,6 Ft


Item #


		 						8AFH8



Mfr. Model #
						
							NF5824





								Locker Room Bench, Material Anodized Aluminum, Includes (2) Pedestals,6 ft. L x 72"W x 17-1/8"H x 9-1/2"D"











Category : 


		 	 					Locker Accessories







							
							List Price
							


							$583.00
						
/ each

This item requires special shipping, additional charges may apply.



Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								













Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					Fastener

					Fastener


Item #


		 						32TM99



Mfr. Model #
						
							NF8882





								Fastener














Category : 


		 	 					Parts







							
							List Price
							


							$0.72
						
/ each




Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								

















					Heavy Duty Full Height Steel Storage Cabinets with Shelves and Standard Doors

					Heavy Duty Full Height Steel Storage Cabinets with Shelves and Standard Doors




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Storage Cabinets






Price

			
				$1,451.76–$2,019.91
			
		



View All 6 Products


View All 6 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Bulk Shelf Level

					Bulk Shelf Level




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Bulk Storage Rack Accessories






Price

			
				$171.00–$426.00
			
		



View All 17 Products


View All 17 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	



















Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					Storage Cabinet, Gray, 72" Overall Height, Assembled

					Commercial  Duty Full Height Steel Storage Cabinets with Shelves and Ventilated Doors


Item #


		 						5NG79



Mfr. Model #
						
							DD1150





								Storage Cabinet, Shelving, Commercial, Cabinet Door Type Ventilated, Cabinet Color Gray, Assembled, 20 Gauge, Height of Cabinet 72 In., Width of Cabinet 36 In., Depth of Cabinet 18 In., Number of Doors 2, Number of Cabinet Shelves 4, Number of Drawers 0, Material Steel, Finish Powder Coated, 300 lb. Shelf Capacity, Locking Cabinet Yes, 3 Points Locking Points, Includes Cylinder Lock, (2) Keys, Casters Included No, Cabinet Locking Mechanism Keyed, Cabinet Handle Style Swing

								Storage Cabinet, Shelving, Commercial, Cabinet Door Type Ventilated, Cabinet Color Gray, Assembled, 20 Gauge,...More












Category : 


		 	 					Storage Cabinets







							
							List Price
							


							$1,594.00
						
/ each

This item requires special shipping, additional charges may apply.



Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								

















					Bulk Storage Rack Starter Unit

					Bulk Storage Rack Starter Unit




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Bulk Storage Racks






Price

			
				$358.75–$1,288.00
			
		



View All 170 Products


View All 170 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	






















					LYON


					Bin Cabinets

					Bin Cabinets




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Bin Cabinets






Price

			
				$1,914.00–$4,692.00
			
		



View All 4 Products


View All 4 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Bulk Storage Rack Add-On Unit

					Bulk Storage Rack Add-On Unit




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Bulk Storage Racks






Price

			
				$282.00–$1,338.00
			
		



View All 170 Products


View All 170 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	























					Industrial  Duty Full Height Steel Storage Cabinets with Shelves and Standard Doors

					Industrial  Duty Full Height Steel Storage Cabinets with Shelves and Standard Doors




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Storage Cabinets






Price

			
				$827.50–$1,041.00
			
		



View All 5 Products


View All 5 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	






















					LYON


					Lyon Modular Drawer Cabinet

					Lyon Modular Drawer Cabinet




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Modular Drawer Cabinets






Price

			
				$1,545.00–$3,713.00
			
		



View All 35 Products


View All 35 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	






















					LYON


					Box Locker

					Box Locker




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Box Lockers






Price

			
				$298.00–$2,845.00
			
		



View All 66 Products


View All 66 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	






















					LYON


					Antimicrobial Wardrobe Locker

					Antimicrobial Wardrobe Locker




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Wardrobe Lockers






Price

			
				$350.50–$1,300.00
			
		



View All 16 Products


View All 16 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	



















Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					Command Gear Locker, Red, 24x24x72

					Command Gear Locker,Red,24x24x72


Item #


		 						38R620



Mfr. Model #
						
							Command Gear Locker





								Command Gear Locker, Assembled, Locker Configuration (1) Wide, Tier One, Hooks per Opening (2) Side Hooks, Opening Width 24-3/4 In., Opening Depth 24-3/4 In., Opening Height 76-3/4 In., Overall Width 24 In., Overall Depth 24 In., Overall Height 72 In., Color Red, Material Cold Rolled Steel, Finish Powder Coated, Handle Type Recessed, Lock Type Accommodates Built-In Cylinder Lock and/or Padlock

								Command Gear Locker, Assembled, Locker Configuration (1) Wide, Tier One, Hooks per Opening (2) Side Hooks,...More












Category : 


		 	 					Gear Lockers







							
							List Price
							


							$2,015.00
						
/ each

This item requires special shipping, additional charges may apply.



Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								













Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					Storage Cabinet, Gray, 78" Overall Height, Assembled

					Heavy Duty Full Height Steel Storage Cabinets with Shelves and Ventilated Doors


Item #


		 						5JL54



Mfr. Model #
						
							DD1130





								Storage Cabinet, Shelving, Heavy Duty, Cabinet Door Type Ventilated, Cabinet Color Gray, Assembled, 14 Gauge, Height of Cabinet 78 In., Width of Cabinet 24 In., Depth of Cabinet 21 In., Number of Doors 2, Number of Cabinet Shelves 4, Number of Drawers 0, Material Steel, Finish Powder Coated, 300 lb. Shelf Capacity, Locking Cabinet Yes, 3 Points Locking Points, Casters Included No, Cabinet Locking Mechanism Padlock Hasp, Cabinet Handle Style Swing, Cabinet Height Range Full Height

								Storage Cabinet, Shelving, Heavy Duty, Cabinet Door Type Ventilated, Cabinet Color Gray, Assembled, 14 Gauge,...More












Category : 


		 	 					Storage Cabinets







							
							List Price
							


							$1,220.00
						
/ each

This item requires special shipping, additional charges may apply.



Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								

















					Dividers

					Dividers




Multiple product options available



Multiple product options available




Category : 


		 	 					Modular Drawer Cabinet Accessories






Price

			
				$25.95–$45.35
			
		



View All 3 Products


View All 3 Products






Expand to Compare
		        	Quick View Most Popular Products
		        	



















Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					Steel Coil, .062 x 1 x 25 Ft., 1095

					Steel Coil,.062 x 1 x 25 Ft.,1095


Item #


		 						22MG82



Mfr. Model #
						
							TPB62-100





								Steel Coil, 1095, Blue Tempered Spring Steel, Temper Fully Hardened, Thickness (In.) .062, Thickness (mm) 1.575, Thickness Tolerance +/-.002, .062 In. X 1 In. X 25 Ft., Width Tolerance +/-.005, Length Tolerance +/-1 In., Color Blue, Tensile Strength (PSI) 230,000 to 250,000, Temp. Range (F) 1300, Rockwell Hardness C 48 to 51, Shims, Gaskets, Washers, Wear Plates, Brackets, Springs, Meets/Exceeds AMS-5122, MIL-S-7947, ASTM-A-682, ASTM-A-684

								Steel Coil, 1095, Blue Tempered Spring Steel, Temper Fully Hardened, Thickness (In.) .062, Thickness (mm)...More












Category : 


		 	 					Carbon Steel Blanks, Flats, Bars, Plates and Sheet Stock







							
							List Price
							


							$189.00
						
/ each




Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								













Compare
View Compare








					LYON


					Steel Coil, .005 x 1 x 100 Ft., 1095

					Steel Coil,.005 x 1 x 100 Ft.,1095


Item #


		 						22ME55



Mfr. Model #
						
							TPB5-100





								Steel Coil, 1095, Blue Tempered Spring Steel, Temper Fully Hardened, Thickness (In.) .005, Thickness (mm) .127, Thickness Tolerance +/-.0003, .005 In. X 1 In. X 100 Ft., Width Tolerance +/-.005, Length Tolerance +/-1 In., Color Blue, Tensile Strength (PSI) 230,000 to 250,000, Temp. Range (F) 1300, Rockwell Hardness C 48 to 51, Shims, Gaskets, Washers, Wear Plates, Brackets, Springs, Meets/Exceeds AMS-5122, MIL-S-7947, ASTM-A-682, ASTM-A-684

								Steel Coil, 1095, Blue Tempered Spring Steel, Temper Fully Hardened, Thickness (In.) .005, Thickness (mm)...More












Category : 


		 	 					Carbon Steel Blanks, Flats, Bars, Plates and Sheet Stock







							
							List Price
							


							$159.25
						
/ each




Qty:








+Add to list

Please sign in or register  to access lists














							Catalog Page #
							
									NA
								












List

Results per page: 

16 |
        32 | 
        48




1
2
3
4
5...
Next 





Note: Product availability is real-time basis and adjusted continuously. The product will be reserved for you when you complete your order. More







 




Company InformationAbout Us
Careers
Corporate Social Responsibility
Inclusion & Diversity
Investor Relations
Press Room
Supplier Overview
Technical Education
Worldwide



Customer Support
Catalog Request
Contact Us
Feedback
Find a Branch


Order SupportOrders
Pick-Up
Returns & Cancellations
Guarantee and Warranty


Online ResourcesClearance Center
Grainger Choice
Hot Buys
Knowledge Center
Rebates
Replacement Parts
SupplyLink
Today's Features
Webinars
The Safety Record


ServicesAuto-Reorder
Catalog
Special Orders
Emergency Services
Grainger Consulting Services
Inventory Management
Invoices Your Way
Grainger Lighting Solutions
Grainger Online SafetyManager®
Online Purchasing Solutions
Extended Protection Plan




Check it out! We're Mobile!
Anytime. Anywhere.  Grainger helps you get it done.







Let's Stick TogetherYour connection to what's new at Grainger.  Sign Up Now! Sign up


Connect with us


Questions? Call us 1-800-GRAINGER(1-800-472-4643)






Terms of Access


Terms of Sale


Privacy Policy


About Our Ads


Sitemap


Fraud Alert


© 1994 - 2017, W.W. Grainger, Inc. All Rights Reserved.






























 

Find a Grainger Branch - Grainger Branch Store Locator - Grainger Industrial Supply


























Skip to Content

JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use this site. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. Enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, and then try again.






Skip Content





My Account


Order History


Lists


Special Order Quotes






Sign In


    Register Now





































































































KeepStock






	Sign Up for Email
 

Feedback


Help





















			General Catalog



Find A Branch


Services



Auto-Reorder


Emergency Services


Inventory Management


Grainger Lighting Solutions


Grainger Energy Services


Online Purchasing Solutions


Invoices Your Way


Safety Services


Special Orders


Product Services


Extended Protection Plan


Grainger Consulting Services






Solutions



Custom Product Center


Distributor Alliance Program


Emergency Preparedness


Government


Grainger Choice


Green Resources


Industries


Info Library


Knowledge Center


Product Resources


Productivity


Safety Solution Center


Small Business


SupplyLink





Worldwide





More














All Products
































		
		Purchased Products
















					
				Digital Catalogs




Replacement Parts





Abrasives


Adhesives, Sealants and Tape


Cleaning and Janitorial


Electrical


Electronics, Appliances, and Batteries


Fasteners


Fleet and Vehicle Maintenance


Furniture, Hospitality and Food Service


HVAC and Refrigeration


Hardware


Hydraulics



Lab Supplies


Lighting


Lubrication


Machining


Material Handling


Motors


Office Supplies


Outdoor Equipment


Paint, Equipment and Supplies


Plumbing


Pneumatics



Power Transmission


Pumps


Raw Materials


Reference and Learning Supplies


Safety


Security


Test Instruments


Tools


Welding
















 







Bulk Order Pad








Cart 














Find A Branch






Want to pay an invoice? Please call us at 1-800-GRAINGER (1-800-472-4643).

Print













			Product Categories
		




Abrasives
Adhesives, Sealants and Tape
Cleaning and Janitorial
Electrical
Electronics, Appliances, and Batteries
Fasteners
Fleet and Vehicle Maintenance
Furniture, Hospitality and Food Service
HVAC and Refrigeration
Hardware
Hydraulics
Lab Supplies
Lighting
Lubrication
Machining
Material Handling
Motors
Office Supplies
Outdoor Equipment
Paint, Equipment and Supplies
Plumbing
Pneumatics
Power Transmission
Pumps
Raw Materials
Reference and Learning Supplies
Safety
Security
Test Instruments
Tools
Welding





Brands




#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G



H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O



P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W



X
Y
Z










Find a Grainger Branch

With over 350 Grainger branches, there's a store near you ready to help with the products and expertise you need to get the job done.   To find your nearest Grainger branch location, click on "Find A Branch" at the top of any page. From there, you can search by address, city, state, zip code or branch number.      


 Locate a Grainger U.S. Branch


Alabama


BIRMINGHAM Branch #081
3735 First Ave. N.
BIRMINGHAM, AL 35222-1301
USA


HUNTSVILLE Branch #364
1912 Jordan Lane NW
HUNTSVILLE, AL 35816-1542
USA


MOBILE Branch #504
1241 Montlimar Dr.
MOBILE, AL 36609-1712
USA


MONTGOMERY Branch #507
541 George Todd Dr.
MONTGOMERY, AL 36117-2233
USA





Alaska


ANCHORAGE Branch #007
6240 B St.
ANCHORAGE, AK 99518-1727
USA





Arizona


GILBERT Branch #605
775 E Baseline Rd
GILBERT, AZ 85233-1203
USA


PHOENIX Branch #600
960 N. 51st Ave
PHOENIX, AZ 85043-2625
USA


PHOENIX Branch #604
4465 E. Broadway Rd.
PHOENIX, AZ 85040-8892
USA


PHOENIX Branch #602
2002 W. Rose Garden Lane
PHOENIX, AZ 85027-2620
USA


TUCSON Branch #868
3415 S. Dodge Blvd.
TUCSON, AZ 85713-5434
USA





Arkansas


FT. SMITH Branch #294
3807 Planters Rd.
FT. SMITH, AR 72908-8461
USA


LITTLE ROCK Branch #432
6100 Murray St.
LITTLE ROCK, AR 72209-8528
USA


SPRINGDALE Branch #802
1205 S. Old Missouri Rd.
SPRINGDALE, AR 72764-1152
USA





California


ANAHEIM Branch #442
310 E. Ball Rd.
ANAHEIM, CA 92805-6312
USA


BAKERSFIELD Branch #054
3900 Easton Dr.
BAKERSFIELD, CA 93309-1083
USA


BURLINGAME Branch #729
1360 Rollins Rd
BURLINGAME, CA 94010-2410
USA


CHULA VISTA Branch #720
1150 Bay Blvd.
CHULA VISTA, CA 91911-2601
USA


CITRUS HEIGHTS Branch #673
6412 Tupelo Dr. #G
CITRUS HEIGHTS, CA 95621-1773
USA


COMPTON Branch #445
1050 W. Walnut St.
COMPTON, CA 90220-5112
USA


CONCORD Branch #562
2288 Pike Ct.
CONCORD, CA 94520-1251
USA


FRESNO Branch #312
1335 Tuolumne St.
FRESNO, CA 93706-2017
USA


GARDEN GROVE Branch #303
12871 Western Ave., Suite A
GARDEN GROVE, CA 92841-4032
USA


INGLEWOOD Branch #452
10804 S. La Cienega Blvd.
INGLEWOOD, CA 90304-1113
USA


LOS ANGELES Branch #449
570 S. Alameda St.
LOS ANGELES, CA 90013-1726
USA


NORTHRIDGE Branch #443
8930 Winnetka Ave.
NORTHRIDGE, CA 91324-3200
USA


OXNARD Branch #446
101 S. Rice Ave.
OXNARD, CA 93030-7235
USA


RANCHO CUCAMONGA Branch #439
9220 Hyssop Dr.
RANCHO CUCAMONGA, CA 91730-6108
USA


RIVERSIDE Branch #441
1151 E. Columbia Ave.
RIVERSIDE, CA 92507-2113
USA


ROHNERT PARK Branch #742
5760 Commerce Blvd.
ROHNERT PARK, CA 94928-1630
USA


SALINAS Branch #693
1334 Dayton St.
SALINAS, CA 93901-4416
USA


SAN DIEGO Branch #723
8001 Raytheon Rd.
SAN DIEGO, CA 92111-1608
USA


SAN JOSE Branch #732
2261 Ringwood Ave.
SAN JOSE, CA 95131-1717
USA


SAN LEANDRO Branch #560
444 Doolittle Dr.
SAN LEANDRO, CA 94577-1016
USA


SAN MARCOS Branch #721
1321 Linda Vista Dr.
SAN MARCOS, CA 92078-3804
USA


SANTA ANA Branch #468
1554 BROOKHOLLOW DR
SANTA ANA, CA 92705-5508
USA


SANTA FE SPRINGS Branch #463
10137 S. Norwalk Blvd..
SANTA FE SPRINGS, CA 90670-3325
USA


STOCKTON Branch #814
2501 Stagecoach Rd.
STOCKTON, CA 95215-7909
USA


WEST SACRAMENTO Branch #672
3691 Industrial Blvd.
WEST SACRAMENTO, CA 95691-3456
USA





Colorado


COLORADO SPRINGS Branch #219
610 Popes Bluff Trail
COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80907-3512
USA


DENVER Branch #216
95 S. Tejon St.
DENVER, CO 80223-1251
USA


DENVER Branch #217
4885 Paris St.
DENVER, CO 80239-2811
USA


DENVER Branch #221
6935 Broadway
DENVER, CO 80221-2841
USA


FORT COLLINS Branch #218
4531 Innovation Dr.
FORT COLLINS, CO 80525-3406
USA





Connecticut


HARTFORD Branch #344
75 Maxim Rd.
HARTFORD, CT 06114-1605
USA


NORTH HAVEN Branch #099
124 Universal Dr.
NORTH HAVEN, CT 06473-3630
USA





Delaware


NEW CASTLE Branch #595
117 Quigley Blvd.
NEW CASTLE, DE 19720-4103
USA





Florida


CLEARWATER Branch #833
12579 49TH St. N.
CLEARWATER, FL 33762-4313
USA


DORAL Branch #480
2255 NW 89TH Place
DORAL, FL 33172-2428
USA


FT. MYERS Branch #287
12431 Metro Pkwy.
FT. MYERS, FL 33966-1316
USA


JACKSONVILLE Branch #385
8450 Phillips Hwy.
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32256-8206
USA


MIAMI Branch #484
7200 NW 37TH Ave.
MIAMI, FL 33147-5838
USA


OCALA Branch #579
2620 SW 17th Rd., Ste 300
OCALA, FL 34471-2096
USA


ORLANDO Branch #580
4180 L B Mcleod Rd.
ORLANDO, FL 32811-5695
USA


POMPANO BEACH Branch #481
2131 SW 2nd St. Bldg 8
POMPANO BEACH, FL 33069-3100
USA


SARASOTA Branch #834
6685 Whitfield Industrial Ave.
SARASOTA, FL 34243-4012
USA


TALLAHASSEE Branch #820
3924 W. Pensacola St.
TALLAHASSEE, FL 32304-2838
USA


TAMPA Branch #835
1820 Tampa East Blvd.
TAMPA, FL 33619-3052
USA


TAMPA Branch #837
4505 W. Hillsborough Ave
TAMPA, FL 33614-5441
USA


WEST MELBOURNE Branch #581
101 S. Wickham Rd.
WEST MELBOURNE, FL 32904-1131
USA


WEST PALM BEACH Branch #482
1800 N. Florida Mango Rd.
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33409-6406
USA





Georgia


ATHENS Branch #046
1205 Commerce Rd.
ATHENS, GA 30607-1101
USA


ATLANTA Branch #052
1721 Marietta Blvd. NW
ATLANTA, GA 30318-3646
USA


AUGUSTA Branch #060
1516 Gordon Hwy.
AUGUSTA, GA 30906-2006
USA


DALTON Branch #205
708 Rustwood Street
DALTON, GA 30721-3323
USA


FOREST PARK Branch #041
5300 Frontage Rd.
FOREST PARK, GA 30297-2516
USA


GARDEN CITY Branch #745
1324 US Highway 80 W
GARDEN CITY, GA 31408-2547
USA


MACON Branch #051
2048 Paul Walsh Dr.
MACON, GA 31206-3168
USA


MARIETTA Branch #036
631 S. Marietta Pkwy SE
MARIETTA, GA 30060-2748
USA


NORCROSS Branch #038
6655 Crescent Dr
NORCROSS, GA 30071-2934
USA





Hawaii


HONOLULU Branch #561
2833 Paa Street
HONOLULU, HI 96819-4406
USA





Idaho


BOISE Branch #084
5576 Irving St.
BOISE, ID 83706-1216
USA





Illinois


ALSIP Branch #150
6001 W. 115TH St.
ALSIP, IL 60803-5152
USA


ARLINGTON HEIGHTS Branch #149
475 E. Algonquin Rd.
ARLINGTON HEIGHTS, IL 60005-4620
USA


CHICAGO Branch #139
2356 S Ashland Ave
CHICAGO, IL 60608-5304
USA


CHICAGO Branch #157
2221 N. Elston Ave.
CHICAGO, IL 60614-2905
USA


CHICAGO Branch #151
6450 S. Austin Ave.
CHICAGO, IL 60638-5394
USA


DOWNERS GROVE Branch #145
2701 Ogden Ave.
DOWNERS GROVE, IL 60515-1704
USA


FRANKLIN PARK Branch #156
3240 Mannheim Rd.
FRANKLIN PARK, IL 60131-1532
USA


MORTON GROVE Branch #146
8045 River Dr.
MORTON GROVE, IL 60053-2651
USA


PEORIA Branch #584
1017 SW Jefferson Ave.
PEORIA, IL 61605-3948
USA


ROCKFORD Branch #664
5862 Harrison Ave
ROCKFORD, IL 61108-8127
USA


WAUKEGAN Branch #158
3585 Sunset Ave.
WAUKEGAN, IL 60087-3217
USA





Indiana


EVANSVILLE Branch #272
837 N. Congress Ave.
EVANSVILLE, IN 47715-2452
USA


GARY Branch #148
1701 Cline Ave.
GARY, IN 46406-2225
USA


INDIANAPOLIS Branch #369
9210 Corporation Dr.
INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46256-1017
USA


INDIANAPOLIS Branch #368
1819 W. 16TH St.
INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46202-2032
USA


SOUTH BEND Branch #776
1750 Commerce Dr.
SOUTH BEND, IN 46628-1565
USA





Iowa


CEDAR RAPIDS Branch #112
715 33RD Ave. SW
CEDAR RAPIDS, IA 52404-3924
USA


DAVENPORT Branch #200
961 E. 53RD St.
DAVENPORT, IA 52807-2633
USA


DES MOINES Branch #224
1811 E. Sheridan Ave.
DES MOINES, IA 50316-1803
USA





Kansas


LENEXA Branch #409
14790 W. 99TH St.
LENEXA, KS 66215-1109
USA


WICHITA Branch #920
1920 S. West St.
WICHITA, KS 67213-1108
USA





Kentucky


LEXINGTON Branch #429
1351 Georgetown Rd.
LEXINGTON, KY 40511-2503
USA


LOUISVILLE Branch #448
1901 Plantside Dr.
LOUISVILLE, KY 40299-1919
USA





Louisiana


BATON ROUGE Branch #534
12455 Airline Highway
BATON ROUGE, LA 70817
USA


GONZALES Branch #535
9506 Ashland Rd
GONZALES, LA 70737-8097
USA


LAFAYETTE Branch #418
1508 Eraste Landry Rd.
LAFAYETTE, LA 70506-1989
USA


NEW ORLEANS Branch #537
601 S. Galvez St.
NEW ORLEANS, LA 70119-7517
USA


NEW ORLEANS Branch #536
825 Distributors Row
NEW ORLEANS, LA 70123-3209
USA


SHREVEPORT Branch #760
5126 Hollywood Ave.
SHREVEPORT, LA 71109-7716
USA


SULPHUR Branch #419
2502 S Cities Service Hwy
SULPHUR, LA 70663-6405
USA


WEST MONROE Branch #508
500 Thomas Rd.
WEST MONROE, LA 71292-9454
USA





Maine


PORTLAND Branch #616
425 Warren Ave.
PORTLAND, ME 04103-1287
USA





Maryland


ANNAPOLIS JUNCTION Branch #895
10981 Guilford Rd.
ANNAPOLIS JUNCTION, MD 20701-1125
USA


BALTIMORE Branch #898
8820 Citation Road
BALTIMORE, MD 21221-3101
USA


BALTIMORE Branch #905
2100 Haines St.
BALTIMORE, MD 21230-3206
USA


LANHAM Branch #896
4748 Forbes Blvd.
LANHAM, MD 20706-4302
USA


ROCKVILLE Branch #900
701 Dover Road
ROCKVILLE, MD 20850-1392
USA






Massachusetts


EVERETT Branch #091
160 Broadway
EVERETT, MA 02149-2460
USA


NORWOOD Branch #088
428 University Ave.
NORWOOD, MA 02062-2638
USA


SPRINGFIELD Branch #808
790 Cottage St.
SPRINGFIELD, MA 01104-3221
USA


WATERTOWN Branch #096
400 Arsenal St.
WATERTOWN, MA 02472-2805
USA


WOBURN Branch #089
31 Cabot Rd.
WOBURN, MA 01801-1003
USA





Michigan


ANN ARBOR Branch #236
2915 Boardwalk St.
ANN ARBOR, MI 48104-6765
USA


DETROIT Branch #239
1201 W. Lafayette Blvd.
DETROIT, MI 48226-3008
USA


FARMINGTON HILLS Branch #234
23800 Haggerty Rd.
FARMINGTON HILLS, MI 48335-2617
USA


FLINT Branch #237
2711 Lapeer Rd.
FLINT, MI 48503-4354
USA


GRAND RAPIDS Branch #320
3803 Roger B Chaffee SE
GRAND RAPIDS, MI 49548-3437
USA


KALAMAZOO Branch #407
2476 Azo Dr.
KALAMAZOO, MI 49048-9540
USA


LANSING Branch #421
5617 Enterprise Dr.
LANSING, MI 48911-4194
USA


MADISON HEIGHTS Branch #232
1587 E. Whitcomb Ave.
MADISON HEIGHTS, MI 48071-1415
USA


ROMULUS Branch #233
6874 Middlebelt Rd.
ROMULUS, MI 48174-2041
USA


SAGINAW Branch #678
220 W. Morley Dr.
SAGINAW, MI 48601-9464
USA


WARREN Branch #235
25940 Groesbeck Hwy.
WARREN, MI 48089-4144
USA





Minnesota


BLOOMINGTON Branch #498
201 E. 78TH St.
BLOOMINGTON, MN 55420-1249
USA


PLYMOUTH Branch #495
2450 Annapolis Lane N.
PLYMOUTH, MN 55441-3600
USA


ST. PAUL Branch #499
345 Plato Blvd E   Ste 120
ST. PAUL, MN 55107-1228
USA





Mississippi


JACKSON Branch #378
3551 I-55 S.
JACKSON, MS 39212-4963
USA





Missouri


KANSAS CITY Branch #408
2300 E. 18TH St.
KANSAS CITY, MO 64127-2543
USA


MARYLAND HEIGHTS Branch #689
2535 Metro Blvd.
MARYLAND HEIGHTS, MO 63043-2409
USA


SPRINGFIELD Branch #804
808 N. Cedarbrook Ave.
SPRINGFIELD, MO 65802-2522
USA


ST. LOUIS Branch #688
2227 Clark Ave.
ST. LOUIS, MO 63103-2539
USA





Montana


BILLINGS Branch #064
221 Moore Lane
BILLINGS, MT 59101-3418
USA





Nebraska


OMAHA Branch #576
9345 J St.
OMAHA, NE 68127-1206
USA





Nevada


LAS VEGAS Branch #423
2401 Western Ave.
LAS VEGAS, NV 89102-4815
USA


SPARKS Branch #639
900 Packer Way
SPARKS, NV 89431-6441
USA





New Hampshire


MANCHESTER Branch #466
370 E. Industrial Park Dr.
MANCHESTER, NH 03109-5310
USA





New Jersey


CLIFTON Branch #524
308 Allwood Rd.
CLIFTON, NJ 07012-1701
USA


EATONTOWN Branch #529
212 Industrial Way W.
EATONTOWN, NJ 07724-2206
USA


ELIZABETH Branch #530
560-596 Bercik St. Suite 1
ELIZABETH, NJ 07201
USA


MT. LAUREL Branch #592
819 E Gate Dr.
MT. LAUREL, NJ 08054-1208
USA


SOUTH PLAINFIELD Branch #523
1001 Hadley Rd.
SOUTH PLAINFIELD, NJ 07080-1102
USA





New Mexico


ALBUQUERQUE Branch #024
3901 Osuna Rd. NE
ALBUQUERQUE, NM 87109-4431
USA


FARMINGTON Branch #284
1201 San Juan Blvd.
FARMINGTON, NM 87401-2723
USA





New York


ALBANY Branch #016
35 Corporate Circle
ALBANY, NY 12203-5154
USA


BOHEMIA Branch #548
199 Orville Dr.
BOHEMIA, NY 11716-2515
USA


BROOKLYN Branch #556
815 3rd Ave.
BROOKLYN, NY 11232-1511
USA


BUFFALO Branch #104
50 McKesson Pkwy.
BUFFALO, NY 14225-5116
USA


EAST SYRACUSE Branch #816
6285 E. Molloy Rd.
EAST SYRACUSE, NY 13057-1037
USA


ELMSFORD Branch #547
505 Saw Mill River Rd.
ELMSFORD, NY 10523-1009
USA


MASPETH Branch #545
58-45 Grand Ave.
MASPETH, NY 11378-3230
USA


MELVILLE Branch #546
1 Park Dr.
MELVILLE, NY 11747-3035
USA


ROCHESTER Branch #657
430 W. Metro Park
ROCHESTER, NY 14623-2619
USA


ROCHESTER Branch #656
1999 Mt. Read Blvd.
ROCHESTER, NY 14615-3700
USA





North Carolina


ASHEVILLE Branch #045
834 Riverside Dr.
ASHEVILLE, NC 28804-3222
USA


CHARLOTTE Branch #128
1401 S. Mint St.
CHARLOTTE, NC 28203-4135
USA


GREENSBORO Branch #328
2506 Greengate Dr.
GREENSBORO, NC 27406-5241
USA


RALEIGH Branch #637
4820 Signett Dr.
RALEIGH, NC 27616-2824
USA


WILMINGTON Branch #925
505 Covil Ave.
WILMINGTON, NC 28403-2652
USA





North Dakota


DICKINSON Branch #283
3221 Hwy 22
DICKINSON, ND 58601
USA


FARGO Branch #280
3825 12TH Ave. N.
FARGO, ND 58102-2906
USA


WILLISTON Branch #282
15 ENERGY STREET
WILLISTON, ND 58801
USA





Ohio


AKRON Branch #161
420 Kennedy Rd.
AKRON, OH 44305-4424
USA


BROOKLYN HEIGHTS Branch #160
1035 Valley Belt Rd.
BROOKLYN HEIGHTS, OH 44131-1432
USA


CANTON Branch #163
1721 6TH St. SW
CANTON, OH 44706-1203
USA


CINCINNATI Branch #154
939 W. 8th St.
CINCINNATI, OH 45203-1131
USA


CINCINNATI Branch #152
4420 Glendale Milford Rd.
CINCINNATI, OH 45242-3708
USA


COLUMBUS Branch #176
3640 Interchange Rd.
COLUMBUS, OH 43204-1434
USA


DAYTON Branch #208
2321 Needmore Road
DAYTON, OH 45414-4147
USA


HAMILTON Branch #206
8700 Le Saint Drive
HAMILTON, OH 45014-2260
USA


PERRYSBURG Branch #848
1300 Third St.
PERRYSBURG, OH 43551-4349
USA


WORTHINGTON Branch #177
6999 Huntley Rd.
WORTHINGTON, OH 43229-1031
USA


YOUNGSTOWN Branch #952
360 Victoria Rd.
YOUNGSTOWN, OH 44515-2026
USA





Oklahoma


OKLAHOMA CITY Branch #568
4314 Will Rogers Pkwy.
OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73108-1864
USA


TULSA Branch #864
10707 E. Pine St.
TULSA, OK 74116-1547
USA





Oregon


PORTLAND Branch #624
6335 N. Basin Ave.
PORTLAND, OR 97217-3915
USA





Pennsylvania


BETHLEHEM Branch #032
2011 Avenue C
BETHLEHEM, PA 18017-2117
USA


ERIE Branch #260
415 W. 12TH St.
ERIE, PA 16501-1505
USA


FOLCROFT Branch #594
1530 Delmar Dr.
FOLCROFT, PA 19032-2102
USA


HARRISBURG Branch #336
4320 Lewis Rd.
HARRISBURG, PA 17111-2538
USA


PHILADELPHIA Branch #597
401 N. 8TH St.
PHILADELPHIA, PA 19123-3902
USA


PHILADELPHIA Branch #593
10401 Drummond Rd.
PHILADELPHIA, PA 19154-3805
USA


PITTSBURGH Branch #610
3150 Liberty Ave.
PITTSBURGH, PA 15201-1416
USA


PITTSBURGH Branch #608
201 RIDC Park West Dr.
PITTSBURGH, PA 15275-1003
USA


READING Branch #033
732 TULPEHOCKEN ST
READING, PA 19601
USA





Puerto Rico


CAGUAS Branch #D20
Calle E - Solares 4 y 5
CAGUAS, PR 00725
USA


CAROLINA Branch #D21
Carr 190 Parque Ind La Ceramic
CAROLINA, PR 00983
USA


CATANO Branch #D01
105 Ave Conquistadores
CATANO, PR 00962-6774
USA


MAYAGUEZ Branch #D02
Centro Reg Dist Mayagu Ave
MAYAGUEZ, PR 00680
USA


PONCE Branch #D23
1642 San Rafael Ind Park, Suit
PONCE, PR 00717
USA





Rhode Island


WARWICK Branch #632
78 Jefferson Blvd.
WARWICK, RI 02888-1064
USA






South Carolina


GREENVILLE Branch #332
730 Congaree Rd.
GREENVILLE, SC 29607-3598
USA


NORTH CHARLESTON Branch #118
7401 Pepperdam Ave.
NORTH CHARLESTON, SC 29418-8434
USA


WEST COLUMBIA Branch #168
550 Chris Dr.
WEST COLUMBIA, SC 29169-4669
USA





South Dakota


SIOUX FALLS Branch #772
500 E. 50TH St. N.
SIOUX FALLS, SD 57104-0631
USA





Tennessee


CHATTANOOGA Branch #132
902 Creekside Rd.
CHATTANOOGA, TN 37406-1053
USA


KNOXVILLE Branch #416
6500 Baum Dr.
KNOXVILLE, TN 37919-7309
USA


MEMPHIS Branch #472
1901 Nonconnah Blvd.
MEMPHIS, TN 38132-2106
USA


NASHVILLE Branch #513
1021 Charlotte Ave.
NASHVILLE, TN 37203-3405
USA


NASHVILLE Branch #512
1938 Elm Tree Dr.
NASHVILLE, TN 37210-3718
USA





Texas


AMARILLO Branch #040
5807 Canyon Dr.
AMARILLO, TX 79110-3026
USA


ARLINGTON Branch #189
2251 E. Division St. Ste A
ARLINGTON, TX 76011-6619
USA


AUSTIN Branch #253
6006 E. Ben White Blvd.,
AUSTIN, TX 78741-7504
USA


AUSTIN Branch #053
7950 Research Blvd. Ste 101
AUSTIN, TX 78758-8425
USA


BEAUMONT Branch #062
125 Sawyer St.
BEAUMONT, TX 77702-2216
USA


BRYAN Branch #362
1408 W. Villa Maria Rd
BRYAN, TX 77801-4213
USA


CARROLLTON Branch #190
1305 N. Interstate 35E
CARROLLTON, TX 75006-8628
USA


CONROE Branch #360
2323 N. Frazier St
CONROE, TX 77303-1754
USA


CORPUS CHRISTI Branch #180
430 Sun Belt Dr.
CORPUS CHRISTI, TX 78408-2411
USA


DALLAS Branch #192
8321 John W Carpenter Fwy
DALLAS, TX 75247
USA


DALLAS Branch #197
4242 Platinum Way
DALLAS, TX 75237-1618
USA


DEER PARK Branch #351
1251 Hall Court
DEER PARK, TX 77536-6558
USA


EL PASO Branch #256
1400 Lomaland Dr.
EL PASO, TX 79935-5207
USA


FORT WORTH Branch #191
300 W. Vickery Blvd
FORT WORTH, TX 76104-1201
USA


FORT WORTH Branch #193
5000 Northeast Pkwy.
FORT WORTH, TX 76106-1819
USA


GARLAND Branch #195
2701 W. Kingsley Rd.
GARLAND, TX 75041-2406
USA


HOUSTON Branch #357
16741 North Freeway
HOUSTON, TX 77090-5105
USA


HOUSTON Branch #358
6050 Southwest Freeway
HOUSTON, TX 77057-7514
USA


HOUSTON Branch #354
8200 Pinemont Dr.
HOUSTON, TX 77040-6500
USA


HOUSTON Branch #355
1222 S Loop W
HOUSTON, TX 77054-4012
USA


HOUSTON Branch #352
4545 Darien St.
HOUSTON, TX 77028-5911
USA


HOUSTON Branch #361
17010 Katy Fwy.
HOUSTON, TX 77094-1410
USA


HOUSTON Branch #359
3232 Harrisburg Blvd.
HOUSTON, TX 77003-2436
USA


KENEDY Branch #181
322 West Main
KENEDY, TX 78119
USA


LAREDO Branch #422
610 Gale St.
LAREDO, TX 78041-6005
USA


LONGVIEW Branch #436
1507 W. Cotton St.
LONGVIEW, TX 75604-5522
USA


LUBBOCK Branch #456
502 E. 40TH St.
LUBBOCK, TX 79404-2816
USA


MCALLEN Branch #460
921 E. Pecan Blvd.
MCALLEN, TX 78501-5710
USA


MIDLAND Branch #486
4110 S. County Rd. 1276
MIDLAND, TX 79706-3042
USA


PASADENA Branch #K50
7730 SPENCER HWY, SITE 170
PASADENA, TX 77505
USA


PLANO Branch #199
2601 E. Plano Pkwy.
PLANO, TX 75074-7416
USA


SAN ANTONIO Branch #705
4924 NW Loop 410
SAN ANTONIO, TX 78229-5312
USA


SAN ANTONIO Branch #704
5011 Rittiman Rd.
SAN ANTONIO, TX 78218-4638
USA


STAFFORD Branch #356
3900 Greenbriar Dr.
STAFFORD, TX 77477-3919
USA


WACO Branch #196
6901 Imperial Dr.
WACO, TX 76712-6813
USA


WICHITA FALLS Branch #182
110 Indiana Ave
WICHITA FALLS, TX 76301
USA





Utah


OGDEN Branch #697
2958 South 1900 W.
OGDEN, UT 84401-3228
USA


SALT LAKE CITY Branch #696
2775 S. 900 W.
SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84119-2447
USA





Virginia


DULLES Branch #908
101 International Dr.
DULLES, VA 20166-9442
USA


FALLS CHURCH Branch #903
2947 Gallows Rd.
FALLS CHURCH, VA 22042-1024
USA


NORFOLK Branch #552
1401 Sewells Point Rd.
NORFOLK, VA 23502-2057
USA


RICHMOND Branch #640
2424 Magnolia Court
RICHMOND, VA 23223-2332
USA





Washington


EVERETT Branch #757
3013 Walnut St.
EVERETT, WA 98201-3846
USA


FIFE Branch #755
2802 Pacific Hwy. E.
FIFE, WA 98424-1021
USA


PASCO Branch #583
3306 W. Marie St.
PASCO, WA 99301-3899
USA


SEATTLE Branch #756
4930 3RD Ave. S.
SEATTLE, WA 98134-2308
USA


SPOKANE VALLEY Branch #800
5706 E. Broadway Ave.
SPOKANE VALLEY, WA 99212-0912
USA


TUKWILA Branch #753
6725 S. Todd Blvd.
TUKWILA, WA 98188-4771
USA





West Virginia


CHARLESTON Branch #120
3000 7TH Ave. W.
CHARLESTON, WV 25387-1731
USA


HUNTINGTON Branch #122
440 3RD Ave.
HUNTINGTON, WV 25701-1305
USA





Wisconsin


APPLETON Branch #339
600 N. Lynndale Dr.
APPLETON, WI 54914-3021
USA


GREEN BAY Branch #326
751 Morris Ave.
GREEN BAY, WI 54304-4558
USA


MADISON Branch #464
501 Atlas Ave.
MADISON, WI 53714-3107
USA


MILWAUKEE Branch #491
202 N. Jackson St.
MILWAUKEE, WI 53202-5903
USA


MILWAUKEE Branch #489
5819 N. 117TH St.
MILWAUKEE, WI 53225-2245
USA


WAUKESHA Branch #490
N21 W23020 Watertown Rd.
WAUKESHA, WI 53188-1001
USA





Wyoming


CASPER Branch #109
1110 Wilkins Circle
CASPER, WY 82601-1331
USA






 Locate a Grainger International Branch


Dominican Republic


SANTO DOMINGO Branch #D60
Calle J Casi Esq. Calle I Nave
SANTO DOMINGO, 01 00000
Dominican Republic





Panama


CIUDAD DE PANAMA Branch #D09
Via Simon Bolivar y Av.12 de O
CIUDAD DE PANAMA, PAN 
Panama





Peru


ATE VITARTE Branch #D80
Ave Mare Curie No. 347
ATE VITARTE, LIM 03 LIMA
Peru









 




Company InformationAbout Us
Careers
Corporate Social Responsibility
Inclusion & Diversity
Investor Relations
Press Room
Supplier Overview
Technical Education
Worldwide



Customer Support
Catalog Request
Contact Us
Feedback
Find a Branch


Order SupportOrders
Pick-Up
Returns & Cancellations
Guarantee and Warranty


Online ResourcesClearance Center
Grainger Choice
Hot Buys
Knowledge Center
Rebates
Replacement Parts
SupplyLink
Today's Features
Webinars
The Safety Record


ServicesAuto-Reorder
Catalog
Special Orders
Emergency Services
Grainger Consulting Services
Inventory Management
Invoices Your Way
Grainger Lighting Solutions
Grainger Online SafetyManager®
Online Purchasing Solutions
Extended Protection Plan




Check it out! We're Mobile!
Anytime. Anywhere.  Grainger helps you get it done.







Let's Stick TogetherYour connection to what's new at Grainger.  Sign Up Now! Sign up


Connect with us


Questions? Call us 1-800-GRAINGER(1-800-472-4643)






Terms of Access


Terms of Sale


Privacy Policy


About Our Ads


Sitemap


Fraud Alert


© 1994 - 2017, W.W. Grainger, Inc. All Rights Reserved.




























 

Replacement Parts - Grainger Industrial Supply

























Skip to Content

JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use this site. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. Enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, and then try again.






Skip Content





My Account


Order History


Lists


Special Order Quotes






Sign In


    Register Now





































































































KeepStock






	Sign Up for Email
 

Feedback


Help





















			General Catalog



Find A Branch


Services



Auto-Reorder


Emergency Services


Inventory Management


Grainger Lighting Solutions


Grainger Energy Services


Online Purchasing Solutions


Invoices Your Way


Safety Services


Special Orders


Product Services


Extended Protection Plan


Grainger Consulting Services






Solutions



Custom Product Center


Distributor Alliance Program


Emergency Preparedness


Government


Grainger Choice


Green Resources


Industries


Info Library


Knowledge Center


Product Resources


Productivity


Safety Solution Center


Small Business


SupplyLink





Worldwide





More














All Products
































		
		Purchased Products
















					
				Digital Catalogs




Replacement Parts





Abrasives


Adhesives, Sealants and Tape


Cleaning and Janitorial


Electrical


Electronics, Appliances, and Batteries


Fasteners


Fleet and Vehicle Maintenance


Furniture, Hospitality and Food Service


HVAC and Refrigeration


Hardware


Hydraulics



Lab Supplies


Lighting


Lubrication


Machining


Material Handling


Motors


Office Supplies


Outdoor Equipment


Paint, Equipment and Supplies


Plumbing


Pneumatics



Power Transmission


Pumps


Raw Materials


Reference and Learning Supplies


Safety


Security


Test Instruments


Tools


Welding
















 







Bulk Order Pad








Cart 














Want to pay an invoice? Please call us at 1-800-GRAINGER (1-800-472-4643).

Print











Search For Replacement Parts






 Shop for Replacement Parts   Segment/Brand   Abrasives Adhesives, Sealants and Tape Cleaning  DAYTON TENNANT TOUGH GUY  Electrical  GENERAL ELECTRIC LUMAPRO SQUARE D  Fleet and Vehicle Maintenance Furniture, Hospitality and Food Service Hand Tools  PROTO RIDGID WESTWARD WILTON  HVAC and Refrigeration  BROAN DAYTON GRAINGER APPROVED VENDOR PORT-A-COOL QMARK RED HAT  Hydraulics Lighting  LITHONIA LUMAPRO GRAINGER APPROVED VENDOR  Lubrication Machining  SANDVIK COROMANT  Material Handling  CM DAYTON GRAINGER APPROVED VENDOR RUBBERMAID  Motors  DAYTON FRANKLIN ELECTRIC GRAINGER APPROVED VENDOR  Outdoor Equipment Paint, Equipment and Supplies Plumbing  ACORN AMERICAN STANDARD ASCO CHICAGO FAUCETS GRAINGER APPROVED VENDOR SLOAN ZURN INDUSTRIES  Pneumatics  INGERSOLL-RAND GRAINGER APPROVED VENDOR SPEEDAIRE  Power Tools  DAYTON GRAINGER APPROVED VENDOR WESTWARD  Power Transmission Pumps  ARO DAYTON GRAINGER APPROVED VENDOR  Safety  AIR SYSTEMS BRADLEY GRAINGER APPROVED VENDOR MSA  Test Instruments Welding  


Replacement Parts

   We Make Your Job Easier Whether it's routine maintenance or an emergency repair, the Replacement Part Center has the parts you need to get back on the job.    Finding your Replacement Part is easier than ever!  Do you know the part's model number? Enter the model number in the Grainger.com search box to be directed straight to the part.    Don't have the part's model number? No problem! You can also enter an item’s model number in the search box to be directed to a list of parts that fit that item.  You can also enter an item’s model number in the search box to be directed to a list of parts that fit that item.     Still can't find what you are looking for?     We’re here to help! Just call 1-800-Grainger, available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 


 




Company InformationAbout Us
Careers
Corporate Social Responsibility
Inclusion & Diversity
Investor Relations
Press Room
Supplier Overview
Technical Education
Worldwide



Customer Support
Catalog Request
Contact Us
Feedback
Find a Branch


Order SupportOrders
Pick-Up
Returns & Cancellations
Guarantee and Warranty


Online ResourcesClearance Center
Grainger Choice
Hot Buys
Knowledge Center
Rebates
Replacement Parts
SupplyLink
Today's Features
Webinars
The Safety Record


ServicesAuto-Reorder
Catalog
Special Orders
Emergency Services
Grainger Consulting Services
Inventory Management
Invoices Your Way
Grainger Lighting Solutions
Grainger Online SafetyManager®
Online Purchasing Solutions
Extended Protection Plan




Check it out! We're Mobile!
Anytime. Anywhere.  Grainger helps you get it done.







Let's Stick TogetherYour connection to what's new at Grainger.  Sign Up Now! Sign up


Connect with us


Questions? Call us 1-800-GRAINGER(1-800-472-4643)






Terms of Access


Terms of Sale


Privacy Policy


About Our Ads


Sitemap


Fraud Alert


© 1994 - 2017, W.W. Grainger, Inc. All Rights Reserved.




























 

Bulk Order Pad - Grainger Industrial Supply

























Skip to Content
JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use this site. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. Enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, and then try again.





Skip Content





My Account


Order History


Lists


Special Order Quotes






Sign In


    Register Now





































































































KeepStock






	Sign Up for Email
 

Feedback


Help





















			General Catalog



Find A Branch


Services



Auto-Reorder


Emergency Services


Inventory Management


Grainger Lighting Solutions


Grainger Energy Services


Online Purchasing Solutions


Invoices Your Way


Safety Services


Special Orders


Product Services


Extended Protection Plan


Grainger Consulting Services






Solutions



Custom Product Center


Distributor Alliance Program


Emergency Preparedness


Government


Grainger Choice


Green Resources


Industries


Info Library


Knowledge Center


Product Resources


Productivity


Safety Solution Center


Small Business


SupplyLink





Worldwide





More














All Products
































		
		Purchased Products
















					
				Digital Catalogs




Replacement Parts





Abrasives


Adhesives, Sealants and Tape


Cleaning and Janitorial


Electrical


Electronics, Appliances, and Batteries


Fasteners


Fleet and Vehicle Maintenance


Furniture, Hospitality and Food Service


HVAC and Refrigeration


Hardware


Hydraulics



Lab Supplies


Lighting


Lubrication


Machining


Material Handling


Motors


Office Supplies


Outdoor Equipment


Paint, Equipment and Supplies


Plumbing


Pneumatics



Power Transmission


Pumps


Raw Materials


Reference and Learning Supplies


Safety


Security


Test Instruments


Tools


Welding
















 

Cart 














Want to pay an invoice? Please call us at 1-800-GRAINGER (1-800-472-4643).

Print



Bulk Order Pad 













Quickly add items to your Cart by entering Grainger item numbers and quantities.
Type Item Numbers and Quantities Here.












						Item #

						Qty

						Item #

						Qty

						Item #

						Qty



































































































































Copy & Paste




Want to save time and order faster?  Simply copy and paste Grainger item numbers from your file into the field below using the following format: Quantity [TAB or COMMA] Item #





















Clear Cart?


All products will be removed from your cart. Are you sure you want to continue? 


No
Yes




 




Company InformationAbout Us
Careers
Corporate Social Responsibility
Inclusion & Diversity
Investor Relations
Press Room
Supplier Overview
Technical Education
Worldwide



Customer Support
Catalog Request
Contact Us
Feedback
Find a Branch


Order SupportOrders
Pick-Up
Returns & Cancellations
Guarantee and Warranty


Online ResourcesClearance Center
Grainger Choice
Hot Buys
Knowledge Center
Rebates
Replacement Parts
SupplyLink
Today's Features
Webinars
The Safety Record


ServicesAuto-Reorder
Catalog
Special Orders
Emergency Services
Grainger Consulting Services
Inventory Management
Invoices Your Way
Grainger Lighting Solutions
Grainger Online SafetyManager®
Online Purchasing Solutions
Extended Protection Plan




Check it out! We're Mobile!
Anytime. Anywhere.  Grainger helps you get it done.







Let's Stick TogetherYour connection to what's new at Grainger.  Sign Up Now! Sign up


Connect with us


Questions? Call us 1-800-GRAINGER(1-800-472-4643)






Terms of Access


Terms of Sale


Privacy Policy


About Our Ads


Sitemap


Fraud Alert


© 1994 - 2017, W.W. Grainger, Inc. All Rights Reserved.




























