Home  HomeAbout UsCompany FoundersManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsInvestorsOur ScienceRelated ResearchNewsContact Us  ​​Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.​​      Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc. (LTI) is dedicated to innovative small-molecule research and development in the field of neurodegeneration, yielding new treatment options for patients with severe neurological diseases. Our strategy leverages the clinically-validated link between lysosome-based genetic disorders and neurodegenerative diseases to establish a unique and effective molecular platform for novel drug discovery. LTI’s lead program targets Gaucher-related neurodegeneration, Parkinson’s disease and other synucleinopathies.  Neurons, Lysosomes and  DiseaseProteins accumulate due to errors in lysosome function, resulting in the damage of neurons. Damaged neurons degenerate and die causing a loss in cognitive, sensory and motor function in common diseases such as Parkinson's and rare diseases such as Gaucher's. LTI is leveraging its world-class knowledge of lysosomal biology and drug development to deliver innovative agents for neurodegenerative disease.    Delivering cures for neurodegenerative diseases.         Copyright ©  Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.  View on MobileContact Us  HomeAbout UsCompany FoundersManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsInvestorsOur ScienceRelated ResearchNewsContact Us  ​​Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.​​  LTI Headquarters:19 Blackstone StreetCambridge, MA 02139  View Larger Map  Delivering cures for neurodegenerative diseases.      Contact Us      Send us an email at Info@LysosomalTx.com.Freephone: Telephone: Fax: Email: kees.been@lysosomaltx.comFreephone: Telephone: Fax: Email: kees.been@lysosomaltx.comFreephone: Telephone: Fax: Email: kees.been@lysosomaltx.com      Copyright ©  Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.  View on MobileManagement Team  Kees Been, Founder, President and CEO. Kees Been was formerly the President and CEO of EnVivo Pharmaceuticals, where he led  EnVivo for eight years from an early-stage start-up to a respected CNS company with a broad pipeline of NCE drug compounds, its lead compound in a phase 3 program for Alzheimer’s disease and schizophrenia. He spent four years at Biogen where he directed the Oncology Business Unit which was sold to Idec, and, as Senior Vice President of Business Development.Daniel Geffken, CFO. Daniel Geffken is a founding Manager Director of Danforth Advisors, which provides financial and operational support ranging from COO/CFO to accounting services for emerging life science companies. He brings more than 20 years of experience in the life sciences to his work, ranging from early start-ups to publicly-traded companies with $1 billion+ market capitalizations. He has served as COO or CFO of four publicly traded and four privately-held companies.In these roles, he has had management responsibility for finance, accounting, human resources, investor/public relations, facilities, legal, intellectual property and manufacturing functions. Daniel has raised more than $700 million in equity and debt securities, including a $132 million private placement that was, at the time, the largest PIPE in biotechnology history. He serves on the Board of Directors for Alcobra Ltd., a biopharmaceutical company that completed an initial public offering in May 2013.  He has a B.S. from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, and a MBA from Harvard Business School. Dana C. Hilt, M.D., CMO. Dana Hilt has more than 22 years of drug development experience, primarily of CNS drugs. Most recently, he served as Senior Vice President, clinical development and Chief Medical Officer at FORUM Pharmaceuticals, where he was involved in the development of Encenicline, an alpha-7 agonist for the treatment of cognitive impairment in Schizophrenia and Alzheimer’s disease. Prior to joining FORUM, Dana held positions at various pharmaceutical companies, including Guilford Pharmaceuticals, Ascend Pharmaceuticals, and Critical Therapeutics. During this time, he was involved in the development of a variety of potential therapeutics for Parkinson’s disease, ALS, Alzheimer’s disease, oncologic diseases including malignant glioma, chronic pain, metabolic disorders, and inflammatory conditions. Prior to that, he established a Clinical Neuroscience Group at Amgen and was a faculty member at the University of Maryland School of Medicine. Dana also previously served on the staff of the NIH for five years, and has co-authored more than 100 publications and book chapters in basic and clinical neuroscience. Dana earned his M.D. from Tufts University School of Medicine in Boston and trained in Internal Medicine at Harvard Medical School and Neurology at the Johns Hopkins Hospital.Peter Lansbury, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer. Peter Lansbury  manages the company’s research activities. He also retains his position as a professor of neurology at Harvard Medical School. Previously, Peter was Founder and Chief Scientific Officer of Link Medicine until it was acquired by Astra Zeneca in 2012. Peter served as a Director of the Morris K. Udall Research Center of Excellence in Parkinson's Disease at Brigham and Women's Hospital. Peter received his doctorate from Harvard University, where he worked for Nobel laureate E. J. Corey.Renato Skerlj, Ph.D., Vice President of Drug Discovery and Preclinical Development. Renato Skerlj has 20 years of pharmaceutical experience in drug discovery and development resulting in two marketed drugs: Invanz®, an anti-infective approved in 2001 and Mozobil®, a stem cell mobilizer approved in 2008. Most recently, he was the Head of Small Molecule Discovery at Genzyme and prior to joining Genzyme, Renato was part of the executive team at AnorMED, a publicly-traded company acquired by Genzyme for $580 million in 2006. He earned his doctorate from the University of British Columbia and completed a fellowship at the University of Oxford in Dr. Stephen Davies’ laboratory.Darren Braccia, Vice President of Business Development. Darren Braccia is guiding LTI’s platform expansion and oversees the company's partnering strategy. Darren has more than 16 years of business and corporate development experience, having previously worked to acquire, license and partner therapeutic compounds and diagnostic products across all stages of development. He has worked in progressive business development roles, for private and public companies, including Biogen Idec, Magellan Biosciences and most recently, at Vertex Pharmaceuticals as senior director of business development. Darren is a graduate of the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University and holds a bachelor’s degree from Washington and Lee University.Andrew J. Sonderfan, Ph.D., DABT, Vice President of Toxicology and Early Development. Andrew Sonderfan joined to direct the Company’s multi-disciplinary drug development initiatives. Most recently, he was Vice President of Drug Disposition and Preclinical Safety at Synta Pharmaceuticals, where he provided pre-IND through Phase 3 leadership for in-house and partnered programs in oncology and immunosuppression. Previously, Andrew was Senior Director of Toxicology and Safety Pharmacology at Enanta Pharmaceuticals, where he managed a program team advancing a macrolide antibiotic. Prior to Enanta, he was Director of Toxicology and Product Safety at BioChem Pharma (later Shire), where he directed global development of the HIV treatment, apricitabine. Andrew began his industry career at Syntex Research leading nonclinical development for the oncology anti-nausea medication, Aloxi™ (palonosetron). He obtained his doctorate in Andrew Parkinson’s laboratory at the University of Kansas Medical Center and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Toxicology.Valerie Cullen, Ph.D., Senior Director, Translational Medicine and Program Management. Valerie Cullen has over 16 years of experience in neurodegenerative and neurodevelopmental disease research. Most recently, Valerie was Acting Director of Scientific Affairs at Aldeyra Therpeutics, designing research and development strategies for rare neurological disorders as well as a number of inflammatory indications. Previously, as Associate Director of Preclinical R&D at NeuroPhage Pharmaceuticals, Valerie worked on a number of programs for a novel amyloid-targeting therapeutic, most notably for Alzheimer’s Disease. Prior to NeuroPhage, Valerie was part of the research team at Link Medicine, which was acquired by Astra Zeneca in 2012. Valerie earned her BSc and PhD in pharmacology at University College Dublin, and completed post doctoral fellowships at King’s College London and Harvard Medical School.     ​​Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.​​                  Delivering cures for neurodegenerative diseases.     HomeAbout UsCompany FoundersManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsInvestorsOur ScienceRelated ResearchNewsContact Us   Management Team​​    Copyright ©  Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.    View on MobileAbout Us  HomeAbout UsCompany FoundersManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsInvestorsOur ScienceRelated ResearchNewsContact Us  ​​Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.​​  Company Founders  Board of Directors  Investors  Management Team  Company Founders  LTI’s unique approach to discovering new drugs for neurodegenerative diseases is based on research performed in the lab of Dr. Dimitri Krainc, one of the company's founders, at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH), a founding member of Partners HealthCare and an affiliate of Harvard Medical School. The work completed at MGH by Dr. Krainc and Dr. Joseph Mazzulli, LTI’s scientific co-founder and a former postdoctoral fellow in the lab, builds on the association between Gaucher disease, a rare lysosomal storage disorder (LSD) caused by mutations in the gene for glucocerebrosidase (GCase), and a predisposition to Parkinson’s disease. They demonstrated that increasing GCase activity in human neurons of Gaucher disease and Parkinson's disease patients can normalize lysosomal function and improve neuronal survival. This research continues at Northwestern University, where Dr. Krainc is now Ward Professor and chairman of the department of neurology, and Dr. Mazzulli is an assistant professor of neurology.    About Us​​    Delivering cures for neurodegenerative diseases.       Copyright ©  Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.    View on MobileOur Science  Genetics: Linkage between Rare and Common DiseaseThe connection between genetic mutations in the GCase enzyme and Parkinson's disease goes beyond Gaucher's Disease. The risk of developing Parkinson's disease (PD) in the broader population has been firmly linked to GCase mutations (Sidransky and Lopez, 2012). At the biochemical level, reduced GCase activity in the brain is correlated with synuclein accumulation and increased PD risk (Sidransky and Lopez, 2012). For example, the risk of PD in Gaucher patients, who have 5-25% normal GCase activity, is ~20-fold higher compared to the general population, while the risk of PD in carriers of the GCase mutations, who have 50-90% normal GCase activity, is 5-8 fold increased. It follows that increasing GCase activity in both Gaucher patients and mutant-GCase carriers could significantly decrease PD risk and possibly the rate of disease progression. Recently, data have emerged suggesting that GCase levels are also low in idiopathic PD patients with two normal GCase alleles (Gegg et al, 2012). Building on these findings, researchers at the National Human Genome Research Institute have developed models of macrophages, the cells that use GCase to break down lipids, of Gaucher disease that will help facilitate future drug development efforts (Aflaki et al, 2014). LTI's lead program is focused on developing GCase agonists to treat PD for both the Gaucher and common PD community.  Delivering cures for neurodegenerative diseases.     Therapeutic Development in Neurodegenerative DiseaseLTI is leveraging its expertise in lysosomal biology to develop novel small molecules to be used in the treatment of various neurodegenerative diseases. Our lead program, the GCase agonist, has its foundation in a small molecule GCase activator discovered by the National Institute of Health. LTI has the exclusive license to this intellectual property. This lead will be optimized to identify a clinical candidate. We are currently improving upon the pharmacological parameters of this molecule and advancing toward lead identification. With the help of a grant from The Michael J. Fox Foundation, LTI is also studying GCase as a biomarker, to be used for identifying Parkinson's disease patients likely to respond to our therapeutic drug candidates. Additionally, LTI is expanding its research into additional lysosomal enzyme deficiencies, unlocking the true potential of our discovery platform.          Our Science​​  HomeAbout UsCompany FoundersManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsInvestorsOur ScienceRelated ResearchNewsContact Us  ​​Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.​​    Lysosomal Storage: Function and Dysfuntion in Neuronal DiseaseThe lysosome functions as a processing center in human cells, breaking down proteins into their building blocks. When errors occur in the enzymes used in this processing center, build-up of unwanted proteins occur resulting in cellular damage. A set of genetic diseases, called Lysosomal Storage Disorders, are the result of genetic mutations in different lysosomal enzymes. Gaucher Disease, a lysosomal storage disorder, is the result of homozygous mutations in the glucocerebrosidase (GCase) gene (also known as GBA1). People diagnosed with Gaucher disease have a build-up of a lipid (gloucosylceramide) in their cells, causing serious health issues, including a higher incidence of neurodegenerative diseases such as Parkinson's. Many other lysosomal storage disorders carry this similar profile: genetic mutations lead to loss of enzyme function, build up of unwanted proteins, and the long term development of neurodegenerative disease. At LTI, we are leveraging our world-class expertise in lysosomal storage biology to tap into genetic association between lysosomal storage diseases and neurodegeneration to develop novel therapeutics.       Copyright ©  Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.  View on MobileNews  01.09.2017 - Allergan Enters Parkinson's Disease Through Option Arrangement with LTI for its Potential First-In-Class Breakthrough Compounds  10.14.2015 - Neuro Advance Boston"What's Hot in NeuroD" Panel to Feature LTI's CSO, Peter Lansbury​  01.10.2017 – FierceBiotech Allergan keeps the dealmaking pedal firmly pressed with two new deals for Parkinson's, GI drugs01.10.2017 – PharmaTimes Allergan broadens pipeline with Parkinson’s disease deal01.09.2017 - Boston Business Journal Allergan wants to buy a Cambridge biotech founded by ex-Genzyme CEO01.09.2017 - Endpoints Allergan bags two new deals, takes option to buy Lysosomal Therapeutics and pays $50M for microbiome pact01.09.2017 – Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News Allergan Broadening GI Pipeline, Expanding into Parkinson's01.09.2017 – Forbes Potential Breakthrough Option For Parkinson's: LTI Partners With Allergan01.09.2017 – TheStreetAllergan Continues Down 'Stepping Stone' Path With Two Deals01.09.2017 – BioCenturyAllergan in deals with Lysosomal Therapeutics, Assembly01.09.2017 – Xconomy Allergan, Eying More Neurodegenerative Drugs, Gets Right to Buy LTI07.14.2015 - Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News​Parkinsons' Disease: The Devil Is in the Protein02.20.2015 - Boston Business JournalLysosomal Therapeutics to use $20M to develop, test Parkinson's drug02.03.2015 - XconomyAs Promised, LTI Pulls In Big Series A to Advance Parkinson's Drug02.03.2015 - MedCity NewsLysosomal Therapeutics raises $20M Series A from Sanofi, Lilly and Roche for Parkinson's drug02.03.2015 - VenturewireLysosomal Therapeutics Receives $20M Series A for Parkinson's Disease Therapy02.03.2015 - FierceBiotechSanofi, Roche and Lilly help bankroll a $20M round for Parkinson's player LTI02.03.2015 - BioCenturyInsiders back Lysosomal in $20M A round02.03.2015 - Chemical & Engineering NewsChemistry-Based Biotech Star-Ups Secure Funding01.15.2015 - XconomyAttacking Parkinson's Via Gaucher Link, LTI Ready for Its Series A06.12.2014 - Start-UpUnpacking Lysosomal Storage: New Insights Drive Parkinson's Drug Development05.26.2014 - BioCenturyEmerging Company Profile - Lysosomal: Activating GCase05.14.2014 - WBZ News RadioCambridge Company Raises $5M in Quest to Discover Drug to Treat Parkinson's05.13.2014 - FierceBiotechStartup brings together some of Boston's top biotech brains and bucks05.13.2014 - BioWorld TodayLTI taps lysosomal experts, model for Parkinson's work05.12.2014 - XconomyLTI Corrals $5M to Exploit Link Between Gaucher, Parkinson's05.12.2014 - MedCity NewsEx-Genzyme CEO's new company looks to rare diseases for insight into treating Parkinson's05.12.2014 - BioCentury ExtraLysosomal raises $4.8 million in seed financing05.12.2014 - Mass High Tech's BioFlashFormer Genzyme CEO Henri Termeer co-founds biotech aimed at Parkinson's05.12.2014 - BetaBoston / Boston GlobeLysosomal, founded by Genzyme vets, raises $4.8 million  Events  02.03.2015 - Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc. Raises $20 Million in Series A Financing  12.05.2014 - Lysosomal Therapeutics Receives Grant from The Michael J. Fox Foundation to Fund Parkinson's Disease Research  05.12.2014 - Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc. Receives $4.8 Million in Seed Funding  Press Releases  LTI in the News   Press Releases, Events and News​​    Delivering cures for neurodegenerative diseases.     ​​Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.​​  HomeAbout UsCompany FoundersManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsInvestorsOur ScienceRelated ResearchNewsContact Us  01.10.2017 – FierceBiotech Allergan keeps the dealmaking pedal firmly pressed with two new deals for Parkinson's, GI drugs01.10.2017 – PharmaTimes Allergan broadens pipeline with Parkinson’s disease deal01.09.2017 - Boston Business Journal Allergan wants to buy a Cambridge biotech founded by ex-Genzyme CEO01.09.2017 - Endpoints Allergan bags two new deals, takes option to buy Lysosomal Therapeutics and pays $50M for microbiome pact01.09.2017 – Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News Allergan Broadening GI Pipeline, Expanding into Parkinson's01.09.2017 – Forbes Potential Breakthrough Option For Parkinson's: LTI Partners With Allergan01.09.2017 – TheStreetAllergan Continues Down 'Stepping Stone' Path With Two Deals01.09.2017 – BioCenturyAllergan in deals with Lysosomal Therapeutics, Assembly01.09.2017 – Xconomy Allergan, Eying More Neurodegenerative Drugs, Gets Right to Buy LTI07.14.2015 - Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News​Parkinsons' Disease: The Devil Is in the Protein02.20.2015 - Boston Business JournalLysosomal Therapeutics to use $20M to develop, test Parkinson's drug02.03.2015 - XconomyAs Promised, LTI Pulls In Big Series A to Advance Parkinson's Drug02.03.2015 - MedCity NewsLysosomal Therapeutics raises $20M Series A from Sanofi, Lilly and Roche for Parkinson's drug02.03.2015 - VenturewireLysosomal Therapeutics Receives $20M Series A for Parkinson's Disease Therapy02.03.2015 - FierceBiotechSanofi, Roche and Lilly help bankroll a $20M round for Parkinson's player LTI02.03.2015 - BioCenturyInsiders back Lysosomal in $20M A round02.03.2015 - Chemical & Engineering NewsChemistry-Based Biotech Star-Ups Secure Funding01.15.2015 - XconomyAttacking Parkinson's Via Gaucher Link, LTI Ready for Its Series A06.12.2014 - Start-UpUnpacking Lysosomal Storage: New Insights Drive Parkinson's Drug Development05.26.2014 - BioCenturyEmerging Company Profile - Lysosomal: Activating GCase05.14.2014 - WBZ News RadioCambridge Company Raises $5M in Quest to Discover Drug to Treat Parkinson's05.13.2014 - FierceBiotechStartup brings together some of Boston's top biotech brains and bucks05.13.2014 - BioWorld TodayLTI taps lysosomal experts, model for Parkinson's work05.12.2014 - XconomyLTI Corrals $5M to Exploit Link Between Gaucher, Parkinson's05.12.2014 - MedCity NewsEx-Genzyme CEO's new company looks to rare diseases for insight into treating Parkinson's05.12.2014 - BioCentury ExtraLysosomal raises $4.8 million in seed financing05.12.2014 - Mass High Tech's BioFlashFormer Genzyme CEO Henri Termeer co-founds biotech aimed at Parkinson's05.12.2014 - BetaBoston / Boston GlobeLysosomal, founded by Genzyme vets, raises $4.8 million      Copyright ©  Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.  View on MobileRelated Research  Macrophage Models of Gaucher Disease for Evaluating Pathogenesis and Candidate Drugs in Science Translational MedicineGaucher disease glucocerebrosidase and a-synuclein form a bidirectional loop in synucleinopathies in CellCNS expression of glucocerebrosidase corrects a-synuclein pathology and memory in a mouse model of Gaucher-related synucleinopathy in PNASAugmenting CNS glucocerebrosidase activity as a therapeutic strategy for parkinsonism and other Gaucher-related synucleinopathies in PNASThe link between the GBA gene and parkinsonism in Lancet NeurologyPhenotype, diagnosis and treatment of Gaucher's Disease in LancetGlucocerebrosidase deficiency in the substantia nigra of Parkinson disease brains in Annals of NeurologyLysosomal impairment in Parkinson's disease in Movement Disorders  Delivering cures for neurodegenerative disease.     ​Click to link to the paper in the PubMed.gov database.       Key Publications​  HomeAbout UsCompany FoundersManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsInvestorsOur ScienceRelated ResearchNewsContact Us  ​​Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.​​    Copyright ©  Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.    View on Mobile

Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























lysosomal therapeutics inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Biotech & Pharma
Sub-Industry: Biotech
Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc does innovative small-molecule research and development in the field of neurodegeneration leading to treatment options for patients with severe neurological diseases.




Corporate Information
Address:

Cambridge, MA
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-





Board Members




Board Members
Company


Bernard Davitian
Sanofi-Genzyme Bioventures




Bruce Booth
Miragen Therapeutics Inc /Old




Steven Hall
Esanex Inc




Show More
























From The Web












Press Releases




Allergan Reports Solid Start to 2017 with 5% Increase in First Quarter GAAP Net Revenues to $3.6 Billion

May 09, 2017






Key Executives


Kees Cornelis Been


President/CEO/Founder







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Management Team  Kees Been, Founder, President and CEO. Kees Been was formerly the President and CEO of EnVivo Pharmaceuticals, where he led  EnVivo for eight years from an early-stage start-up to a respected CNS company with a broad pipeline of NCE drug compounds, its lead compound in a phase 3 program for Alzheimer’s disease and schizophrenia. He spent four years at Biogen where he directed the Oncology Business Unit which was sold to Idec, and, as Senior Vice President of Business Development.Daniel Geffken, CFO. Daniel Geffken is a founding Manager Director of Danforth Advisors, which provides financial and operational support ranging from COO/CFO to accounting services for emerging life science companies. He brings more than 20 years of experience in the life sciences to his work, ranging from early start-ups to publicly-traded companies with $1 billion+ market capitalizations. He has served as COO or CFO of four publicly traded and four privately-held companies.In these roles, he has had management responsibility for finance, accounting, human resources, investor/public relations, facilities, legal, intellectual property and manufacturing functions. Daniel has raised more than $700 million in equity and debt securities, including a $132 million private placement that was, at the time, the largest PIPE in biotechnology history. He serves on the Board of Directors for Alcobra Ltd., a biopharmaceutical company that completed an initial public offering in May 2013.  He has a B.S. from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, and a MBA from Harvard Business School. Dana C. Hilt, M.D., CMO. Dana Hilt has more than 22 years of drug development experience, primarily of CNS drugs. Most recently, he served as Senior Vice President, clinical development and Chief Medical Officer at FORUM Pharmaceuticals, where he was involved in the development of Encenicline, an alpha-7 agonist for the treatment of cognitive impairment in Schizophrenia and Alzheimer’s disease. Prior to joining FORUM, Dana held positions at various pharmaceutical companies, including Guilford Pharmaceuticals, Ascend Pharmaceuticals, and Critical Therapeutics. During this time, he was involved in the development of a variety of potential therapeutics for Parkinson’s disease, ALS, Alzheimer’s disease, oncologic diseases including malignant glioma, chronic pain, metabolic disorders, and inflammatory conditions. Prior to that, he established a Clinical Neuroscience Group at Amgen and was a faculty member at the University of Maryland School of Medicine. Dana also previously served on the staff of the NIH for five years, and has co-authored more than 100 publications and book chapters in basic and clinical neuroscience. Dana earned his M.D. from Tufts University School of Medicine in Boston and trained in Internal Medicine at Harvard Medical School and Neurology at the Johns Hopkins Hospital.Peter Lansbury, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer. Peter Lansbury  manages the company’s research activities. He also retains his position as a professor of neurology at Harvard Medical School. Previously, Peter was Founder and Chief Scientific Officer of Link Medicine until it was acquired by Astra Zeneca in 2012. Peter served as a Director of the Morris K. Udall Research Center of Excellence in Parkinson's Disease at Brigham and Women's Hospital. Peter received his doctorate from Harvard University, where he worked for Nobel laureate E. J. Corey.Renato Skerlj, Ph.D., Vice President of Drug Discovery and Preclinical Development. Renato Skerlj has 20 years of pharmaceutical experience in drug discovery and development resulting in two marketed drugs: Invanz®, an anti-infective approved in 2001 and Mozobil®, a stem cell mobilizer approved in 2008. Most recently, he was the Head of Small Molecule Discovery at Genzyme and prior to joining Genzyme, Renato was part of the executive team at AnorMED, a publicly-traded company acquired by Genzyme for $580 million in 2006. He earned his doctorate from the University of British Columbia and completed a fellowship at the University of Oxford in Dr. Stephen Davies’ laboratory.Darren Braccia, Vice President of Business Development. Darren Braccia is guiding LTI’s platform expansion and oversees the company's partnering strategy. Darren has more than 16 years of business and corporate development experience, having previously worked to acquire, license and partner therapeutic compounds and diagnostic products across all stages of development. He has worked in progressive business development roles, for private and public companies, including Biogen Idec, Magellan Biosciences and most recently, at Vertex Pharmaceuticals as senior director of business development. Darren is a graduate of the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University and holds a bachelor’s degree from Washington and Lee University.Andrew J. Sonderfan, Ph.D., DABT, Vice President of Toxicology and Early Development. Andrew Sonderfan joined to direct the Company’s multi-disciplinary drug development initiatives. Most recently, he was Vice President of Drug Disposition and Preclinical Safety at Synta Pharmaceuticals, where he provided pre-IND through Phase 3 leadership for in-house and partnered programs in oncology and immunosuppression. Previously, Andrew was Senior Director of Toxicology and Safety Pharmacology at Enanta Pharmaceuticals, where he managed a program team advancing a macrolide antibiotic. Prior to Enanta, he was Director of Toxicology and Product Safety at BioChem Pharma (later Shire), where he directed global development of the HIV treatment, apricitabine. Andrew began his industry career at Syntex Research leading nonclinical development for the oncology anti-nausea medication, Aloxi™ (palonosetron). He obtained his doctorate in Andrew Parkinson’s laboratory at the University of Kansas Medical Center and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Toxicology.Valerie Cullen, Ph.D., Senior Director, Translational Medicine and Program Management. Valerie Cullen has over 16 years of experience in neurodegenerative and neurodevelopmental disease research. Most recently, Valerie was Acting Director of Scientific Affairs at Aldeyra Therpeutics, designing research and development strategies for rare neurological disorders as well as a number of inflammatory indications. Previously, as Associate Director of Preclinical R&D at NeuroPhage Pharmaceuticals, Valerie worked on a number of programs for a novel amyloid-targeting therapeutic, most notably for Alzheimer’s Disease. Prior to NeuroPhage, Valerie was part of the research team at Link Medicine, which was acquired by Astra Zeneca in 2012. Valerie earned her BSc and PhD in pharmacology at University College Dublin, and completed post doctoral fellowships at King’s College London and Harvard Medical School.     ​​Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.​​                  Delivering cures for neurodegenerative diseases.     HomeAbout UsCompany FoundersManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsInvestorsOur ScienceRelated ResearchNewsContact Us   Management Team​​    Copyright ©  Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.    View on Mobile 


Lysosomal Storage Disorders :: Sangamo Therapeutics, Inc. (SGMO)







































Lysosomal Storage Disorders




 








			Product Pipeline		










Lead Indication
Approach
Program
Research
    	    	    	    	    				Preclinical
    	    	    	    	    				Phase 1/2
    	    	    	    	    				Phase 3
    	    	            




 MPS I 

 

	            	                SB-318	            


Research Phase complete




Preclinical Phase complete




Phase 1/2 Phase in progress




Phase 3 Phase not started





MPS I (Scheie, Hurler-Scheie and Hurler syndromes) is a lysosomal storage disorder caused by a deficiency of the enzyme alpha-L iduronidase (IDUA) and results in the toxic buildup of glycosaminoglycans (GAGs). Sangamo Therapeutics has an open IND application for SB-318 and is initiating an open-label, dose-escalating Phase 1/2 clinical trial to assess the safety, tolerability and preliminary efficacy of the treatment. SB-318 uses ZFN-mediated in vivo genome editing to place a normal functioning copy of the IDUA gene under the control of the strong albumin promoter in the patient’s liver.  This enables the liver to produce and secrete active IDUA into the bloodstream to be taken up by other tissues. 



 MPS II 

 

	            	                SB-913	            


Research Phase complete




Preclinical Phase complete




Phase 1/2 Phase in progress




Phase 3 Phase not started





MPS II (Hunter syndrome) is a lysosomal storage disorder caused by a deficiency of iduronate-2-sulfatase (IDS) that results in the buildup of glycosaminoglycans (GAGs). Sangamo Therapeutics has an open IND application for SB-913 and is initiating an open-label, dose-escalating Phase 1/2 clinical trial to assess the safety, tolerability and preliminary efficacy of the treatment. SB-913 uses our ZFN-mediated in vivo genome editing to place a normal functioning copy of the IDS gene under the control of the strong albumin promoter in the patient’s liver. This enables the liver to produce and secrete active IDS into the bloodstream to be taken up by other tissues. 










About MPS I and MPS II Mucopolysaccharidosis Type I (MPS I) and MPS II are inherited metabolic disorders known as lysosomal storage disorders (LSDs). They are caused by mutations in genes encoding enzymes that break down unwanted substances in cells. Lack of these enzymes leads to the toxic build-up of these substances. The resulting cell damage can lead to serious health problems.
MPS I
MPS I (Scheie, Hurler-Scheie and Hurler syndromes) is caused by mutations in the gene encoding the alpha-L-iduronidase (IDUA) enzyme which is required for the degradation of glycosaminoglycans (GAGs). The inability to degrade GAGs leads to their accumulation throughout the body. Depending on the severity of the mutations and degree of residual enzyme activity, affected individuals may develop enlarged organs, joint stiffness, skeletal deformities, corneal clouding, hearing loss and cognitive disability.
MPS II
MPS II (Hunter syndrome) is a progressive disorder that primarily affects males and is caused by mutations in the gene encoding the iduronate-2-sulfatase (IDS) enzyme which is also required for the degradation of GAGs. Children with MPS II begin showing symptoms of developmental delay by age 2 – 3 years. Depending on the severity of the mutation and degree of residual enzyme activity, affected individuals may experience delayed development and develop enlarged internal organs, cardiovascular disorders, stunted growth, skeletal abnormalities and hearing loss. 








LSDs affect approximately 1 in every 5,000 live births
All disease statistics are according to the National MPS Society. 






2,000
MPS I patients in the U.S


Three forms of MPS I, in order of increasing severity, include Scheie, Hurler-Scheie and Hurler syndromes.






500
Approximate number of MPS II patients in the U.S.


One in 100,000 male births in the U.S. will result in MPS II.









Our Therapeutic Approach SB-318 for MPS I and MPS-913 for MPS II 
SB-318 (MPS I) and SB-913 (MPS II) are designed to provide stable, continuous production of the enzymes IDUA (MPS I) or IDS (MPS II) for the lifetime of the patient. Sangamo’s ZFN-mediated in vivo genome editing approach makes use of the albumin gene locus, a highly expressing gene in the DNA of a patient’s liver cells that can be edited with ZFNs to accept and express therapeutic genes. The approach is designed to enable the liver to permanently produce circulating therapeutic levels of a corrective enzyme product. Ultimately, the target population for this approach will include pediatric patients for whom it is important to be able to produce stable levels of therapeutic protein for their lifetime. With such a large capacity for protein production (approximately 15g/day of albumin), targeting and co-opting only a very small percentage of the albumin gene’s capacity could potentially produce therapeutically relevant levels of IDUA (MPS I) or IDS (MPS II) with no significant effect on albumin production. 














Clinical Trials

In 2017 Sangamo is conducting Phase 1/2 clinical trials to evaluate safety, tolerability and preliminary efficacy in MPS I and MPS II. Please visit the Clinicaltrials.gov webpage to learn more about our clinical trials. 









Presentations &plus; Publications
In vivo genome editing of the albumin locus as a platform for protein replacement therapy Rajiv Sharma, Xavier M. Anguela, Yannick Doyon, Thomas Wechsler, Russell C. DeKelver, Scott Sproul, David E. Paschon, Jeffrey C. Miller, Robert J. Davidson, David Shivak, Shangzhen Zhou, Julianne Rieders, Philip D. Gregory, Michael C. Holmes, Edward J. Rebar and Katherine A. HighBLOOD, 8 OCTOBER 2015 x VOLUME 126, NUMBER 15
View All Publications

 





 












Kees Been | LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC. | Email CEO @lysosomaltx.com CFO 

















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL






















































 




                    LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC.





lysosomaltx.com





19 Blackstone St                 
                 
Cambridge, MA 02139
Phone: 617-674-5100
Fax: N/A










 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

10 - 19

Revenue: 

2.5 - 5 Million

Industry:  
                    Biotech/Healthcare->BioTech/Drugs                
SIC Code:  
                     2836  - Biological Products, Except Diagnostic
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











No Categories





No Products Found












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All Analytics
Other










Google Analytics
Google Analytics shows you the full customer picture across ads and videos, websites and social tools, tablets and smartphones. That makes it easier to serve your current customers and win new ones.






AddThis
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            February 04, 2015 - Funding/Financing
Amount$20 Million (USD)RoundALead InvestorMultipleSpending OnOngoing Compound OptimizationSpending OnPreclinical Dev of a Glucocerebrosidase (GCase) Lysosomal Enzyme Activator Spending OnSupport A Biomarker Initiative
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Kees Been                                    

Title: President/CEO








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Daniel Geffken                                    

Title: CFO







                         No Email Avail                            
Finance

export









                                        Peter Lansbury                                    

Title: Chief Scientific Officer








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Darren Braccia                                    

Title: VP Business Development








Free Trial For Email


Sales - Marketing

export









                                        Dana Hilt                                    

Title: svp clinical services







                         No Email Avail                            
Medical - Science

export









                                        Valerie Cullen                                    

Title: Senior Director, Translational Medicine and Program Management







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Renato Skerlj                                    

Title: VP, Drug Discovery and Preclinical Development








Free Trial For Email


Other

export









                                        Andrew Sonderfan                                    

Title: Vice President, Toxicology and Early Development







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export








Showing 1 to 
                8                                

                                    of 14 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS















Yearly


Quarterly




































Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC., a company that works within the Biotech/drugs industry. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc. email addresses with the @lysosomaltx.comdomain format. They have their head office in Cambridge, MA.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@lysosomaltx.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
Kees Been
Trying to find Kees Been's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC.'s profile on Lead411, where you can also get @lysosomaltx.com contact information.  LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC. is an organization centered in Cambridge, MA, which you can find on Lead411 under the Biotech/drugs category.  Kees Been is their President/CEO.  Some possible email formats for Kees Been are KBeen@lysosomaltx.com, Kees.Been@lysosomaltx.com, Kees@lysosomaltx.com, and Kees_Been@lysosomaltx.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@lysosomaltx.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
If you don't want to waste too much time looking for company information regarding Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Biotech/drugs company, check out their Lead411 profile. Our profiles have linkedin data, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and more. It contains helpful contact information regarding top company officials, including that of Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s CEO Michael Bonney, and other Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc. email format addresses within the @cubist.com domain. Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is based in Lexington, MA.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@cubist.com addresses.
Curis, Inc
Curis, Inc, a company that works within the Biotech/drugs industry. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Curis, Inc email addresses with the @curis.comdomain format. They have their head office in Lexington, MA.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@curis.com addresses.
ArQule, Inc.
The company profile also contains facebook info, phone numbers, linkedin accounts, cfo contacts, and ArQule, Inc. email format addresses with the domain of @arqule.com. ArQule, Inc., a Biotech/drugs company has its main office in Burlington, MA.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@arqule.com addresses.




Company Directory > LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC.































Darren Braccia | LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC. | Email, VP Business Development, @lysosomaltx.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Darren Braccia

 LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC.  VP Business Development


Updated On : 
                    Oct 27, 2016                            

export

















19 Blackstone St

Cambridge, MA 02139


Email format for @lysosomaltx.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
10 - 19

Revenue:  
2.5 - 5 Million

Industry:  
                        Biotech/Healthcare->BioTech/Drugs                    
SIC Code:  
                         2836  - Biological Products, Except Diagnostic








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Kees Been is LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC.'s CEO. Their VP Business Development is Darren Braccia. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Biotech/drugs industry. If you're checking for LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC. email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @lysosomaltx.com email format and possibly Darren Braccia's email. LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC. is based in Cambridge, MA. You can also get Darren Braccia's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Biotech/drugs category.  Some possible email formats for Darren Braccia are DBraccia@lysosomaltx.com, Darren.Braccia@lysosomaltx.com, Darren@lysosomaltx.com, and Darren_Braccia@lysosomaltx.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@lysosomaltx.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Darren B - Executive
Need to know Darren B's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Private company's Lead411 profile.  Darren B is the Non Executive Director for Private company, an organization which has its base in Panama City Beach, FL.  One can also find Private company email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @privatecompany.com url.  Accounting is Private company's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Darren B are DB@privatecompany.com, Darren.B@privatecompany.com, Darren@privatecompany.com, and Darren_B@privatecompany.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@privatecompany.com addresses.
Darren B
Need to know Darren B's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on HHG Legal Group's Lead411 profile.  Darren B is the Perth, Australia - Special Counsel for HHG Legal Group, an organization which has its base in West Perth, WAU.  One can also find HHG Legal Group email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @hhg.com.au url.  Legal is HHG Legal Group's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Darren B are DB@hhg.com.au, Darren.B@hhg.com.au, Darren@hhg.com.au, and Darren_B@hhg.com.au. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@hhg.com.au addresses.
Darren B - Other
A Omaha, NE-based organization, G4S is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @g4s.com email addresses, as well as details on Darren B's email, the organization's Security op. Their profile can be found in Security services category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Darren B, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Darren B are DB@g4s.com, Darren.B@g4s.com, Darren@g4s.com, and Darren_B@g4s.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@g4s.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Kees Been - Executive
For LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC. email addresses with the @lysosomaltx.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Kees Been, you may check in LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC.'s Lead411 profile. Kees Been is currently the President/CEO for LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC.. The company's CEO is Kees Been. The contact information of LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC. on Lead411 is filed under the Biotech/drugs. Their main offices are in Cambridge, MA.  Some possible email formats for Kees Been are KBeen@lysosomaltx.com, Kees.Been@lysosomaltx.com, Kees@lysosomaltx.com, and Kees_Been@lysosomaltx.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@lysosomaltx.com addresses.
Peter Lansbury - Executive
Peter Lansbury's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC.'s Lead411 profile and other LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC. email addresses with the @lysosomaltx.com domain format.  He is part of LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC. where he serves as the Chief Scientific Officer.  LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC.'s main office is set in Cambridge, MA. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Biotech/drugs category.  Some possible email formats for Peter Lansbury are PLansbury@lysosomaltx.com, Peter.Lansbury@lysosomaltx.com, Peter@lysosomaltx.com, and Peter_Lansbury@lysosomaltx.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@lysosomaltx.com addresses.
Renato Skerlj - Other
Trying to find Renato Skerlj's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC.'s profile on Lead411, where you can also get @lysosomaltx.com contact information.  LYSOSOMAL THERAPEUTICS INC. is an organization centered in Cambridge, MA, which you can find on Lead411 under the Biotech/drugs category.  Renato Skerlj is their VP, Drug Discovery and Preclinical Development.  Some possible email formats for Renato Skerlj are RSkerlj@lysosomaltx.com, Renato.Skerlj@lysosomaltx.com, Renato@lysosomaltx.com, and Renato_Skerlj@lysosomaltx.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@lysosomaltx.com addresses.

People Directory > Darren Braccia



















Lysosomal Therapeutics, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 11:42 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Lysosomal Therapeutics, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Lysosomal Therapeutics, Inc. engages in the small-molecule research and development in the field of neurodegenerative diseases. The company discovers new drugs for patients with severe neurological diseases. It also provides services to target Gaucher-related neurodegeneration, Parkinson’s disease, and other synucleinopathies. The company was incorporated in 2011 and is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts.


19 Blackstone StreetCambridge, MA 02139United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 617-913-0166

www.lysosomaltx.com







Key Executives for Lysosomal Therapeutics, Inc.




Mr. Cornelis Been MBA


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      








Mr. Robert J. Carpenter


      	Founder and Chairman of The Board
      


Age: 71
        







Dr. Dimitri Krainc M.D., Ph.D.


      	Scientific Founder and Chairman of Scientific Advisory Board
      








Mr. Joseph Mazzulli Ph.D.


      	Scientific Founder
      








Mr. Peter Wirth Esq., J.D.


      	Founder
      


Age: 67
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Lysosomal Therapeutics, Inc. Key Developments

Lysomal Therapeutics Presents at Annual China Healthcare Investment Conference, Mar-30-2017 10:35 AM
Mar 25 17
Lysomal Therapeutics Presents at Annual China Healthcare Investment Conference, Mar-30-2017 10:35 AM. Venue: Shangri-La Pudong Hotel, Shanghai, China. Speakers: Dimitri Krainc, Founder.


Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc. Presents at 2nd Annual Neuroscience BioPartnering & Investment Forum, Mar-27-2017
Jan 25 17
Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc. Presents at 2nd Annual Neuroscience BioPartnering & Investment Forum, Mar-27-2017. Venue: 7 World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich St., 40th Floor (D Elevator Bank), The New York Academy of Sciences, New York, NY 10007, United States. Presentation Date & Speakers: Mar-27-2017, Kees Been, Founder, President and CEO.


Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc. Presents at 5th Annual Cancer BioPartnering & Investment Forum, Mar-28-2017
Oct 19 16
Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc. Presents at 5th Annual Cancer BioPartnering & Investment Forum, Mar-28-2017 . Venue: New York Academy of Sciences, New York, New York, United States. Speakers: Kees Been, CEO.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 3, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Lysosomal Therapeutics, Inc., please visit www.lysosomaltx.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc. - Company Profile - BioCentury




























































Publications
archives
BCIQ
Conferences
version 4.3.15.600





Free Trial / Subscribe


SIGN IN



English
简体中文
日本語
한국어







Biocentury





Menu





                                        Home
                                        
+




                                        Publications
                                        
+



Publications Home >


BioCentury>


BC Innovations>


BC Extra>


BC Week In Review>


Current Issues>




Archives 
                                        
+



Archives Home >


Basic Search>


Advanced Search>


Back Issues>




BCIQ
                                        
+



BCIQ Home >


Overview>


Pipeline Analyst>


Financial Analyst>


Company Analyst>


Deal Analyst>




Conferences 
                                        
+




Conferences Home >


Newsmakers


Bio€quity Europe


Future Leaders


China Healthcare Summit


Other Industry Events





eLearning 
                                        
+



eLearning Home >


Videos>


White Papers>


                                            Follow Us
                                            


























BCIQ / Company Profile


BCIQ Overview   |    
                        Settings   |   
                        Support















Biocentury



Print this                                                    
                        
















                         
                            

    

    

    
                         
                        



                            Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.
                        









print preview


export


bookmark


share with colleague





















General Information
                    






 Location

Cambridge, Mass.


 Region

New England


 Country

U.S.


 Business Category

Neurology


 Year Founded

2011


 Website

http://www.lysosomaltx.com



 Lead Product Status

Preclinical






















 Archive Items are loading
                            













 Financial Information
                        






 Financing
                                                Summary







 Financing Details







 Earnings
                                    Summary
                                






 Stocks Annual Chart
                                





















 Pipeline Information
                        






 Pipeline
                                                Summary







 Pipeline Details




















 Deals Information
                        






 Deals
                                                Summary







 Deals Details






















About Biocentury


Company Overview


Management


Editorial & Research




Contact


Contact Us


Advertising & Sponsorship


Career Opportunities




Support


Forgot Password


Customer Service


Reprints


FAQs




Products & Solutions


Products Overview


Publications


Archives


BCIQ


Conferences


eLearning


RSS Feeds




Legal


User Agreement


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Your California Privacy Rights


Use of Images

Follow Us
                            











What is BioCentury?
BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions and conferences — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets.

Sign in
Free Trial












© 2017 BioCentury Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     
                        Terms & Conditions
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy











Set Email Alert






dummy













	Allergan Enters Parkinson's Disease Through Option Arrangement with Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc. (LTI) for its Potential First-In-Class Breakthrough Compounds - Allergan

















































Home<HomeInvestors<InvestorsNews<NewsEvents & Presentations<Events & PresentationsInvestor FAQs<Investor FAQsAnalysts Coverage<Analysts CoverageStock Information<Stock InformationM&A Activities<M&A ActivitiesCorporate Governance<Corporate GovernanceShareholder Services<Shareholder ServicesFinancial Information<Financial InformationProducts<ProductsWhat We Treat<What We TreatKey Products<Key ProductsDrug Safety<Drug SafetyQuality<QualityPatent Notices<Patent NoticesMedical Information<Medical InformationR & D<R & DWe Live Open Science<We Live Open ScienceR&D Areas of Focus<R&D Areas of FocusAllergan Pipeline<Allergan PipelineClinical Trials<Clinical TrialsAbout<AboutCompany Profile<Company ProfileExecutive Leadership<Executive LeadershipGlobal Footprint<Global FootprintGlobal Locations<Global LocationsContact<ContactResponsibility<ResponsibilitySocial Contract<Social ContractSocial Responsibility<Social ResponsibilityAllergan Foundation<Allergan FoundationCalifornia Supply Chain Disclosure<California Supply Chain DisclosureAlliance Support and IME Grants<Alliance Support and IME GrantsHealth Care Provider Partnerships & Payments<Health Care Provider Partnerships & PaymentsPatient Resources<Patient ResourcesPatient Safety & Product Quality<Patient Safety & Product QualityPhysician Resources<Physician ResourcesAnimal Testing<Animal TestingNews<NewsPress Releases<Press ReleasesMedia Contacts<Media ContactsNewsroom<NewsroomCareers<CareersCareer Opportunities<Career OpportunitiesWorking at Allergan<Working at AllerganUniversity Recruiting<University RecruitingVeterans<Veterans















Home >



Investors >


Read the full story>
Allergan Acquisition: Investor Information


News

Events & Presentations

Investor FAQs

Analysts Coverage

Stock Information
Stock Chart & Quote
 Historical Price Lookup
 Investment Calculator

M&A Activities
Allergan Acquisition
 Forest Laboratories Acquisition
 Warner Chilcott Acquisition
 Teva Agreement

Corporate Governance
Executive Officers and Directors
 Committee Composition
 Committee Charters
 Code of Conduct
 Governance Guidelines
 Insider Transactions
 Allergan Compliance Program
 Memorandum of Association

Shareholder Services
Information Requests
 Investor Kit
 E-mail Alerts
 Dividends

Financial Information
SEC Filings
 Annual Reports
 Quarterly Results
 Proxy Materials
 Corporate Fact Sheet




Products >

What We Treat

Key Products
Our Products
 Product Prescribing

Drug Safety

Quality

Patent Notices

Medical Information
Medical Information Request




R & D >

We Live Open Science

R&D Areas of Focus

Allergan Pipeline

Clinical Trials
Participating in an Allergan Clinical Trial
 Clinical Trial results sharing
 Post Marketing Commitments
 Sharing Patient-Level Data
 Clinical Trials Investigators
 Investigator Initiated Trials




About >


LEARN MORE>
A global Growth Pharma leader


Company Profile

Executive Leadership

Global Footprint
Pharmaceuticals
 Business Development

Global Locations
Commercial Operations
 Supply Chain
 Countries

Contact




Responsibility >


LEARN MORE>
High priorities: sustainability & continual improvement


Social Contract

Social Responsibility
Environmental
 Employees
 Facilities & Manufacturing
 Partners
 Community
 Public Policy

Allergan Foundation

California Supply Chain Disclosure

Alliance Support and IME Grants
Alliance Support
 Independent Medical Education Grants

Patient Resources
Patient Assistance Programs

Patient Safety & Product Quality
Research and Development
 Risks and Benefits
 Quality

Physician Resources

Animal Testing




News >

CEO Blog

Press Releases

Media Contacts

Newsroom
Allergan Images
 Allergan Logos
 Company Profile
 Executive Bios & Photos




Careers >

Career Opportunities

Working at Allergan
Our Employees

University Recruiting
Internship & Co-ops
 Fellowship Programs

Veterans






>Go!










News > Press Releases







CEO Blog


Press Releases


Media Contacts


Newsroom











NEWS SEARCH


01.09.2017
        | 
      Investors
    
Allergan Enters Parkinson's Disease Through Option Arrangement with Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc. (LTI) for its Potential First-In-Class Breakthrough Compounds






- Marks Allergan's Entry into Parkinson's Disease, an Important Adjacency to Company's Innovative CNS Development Pipeline -
- Lead Compound, LTI-291, Represents a Compelling Opportunity for Treatment of Parkinson's Disease in a Subpopulation with Specific Genetic Mutations -
- Option to Acquire LTI Following Completion of Phase 1b Clinical Trial -

DUBLIN and CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Jan. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN), a leading global pharmaceutical company, and Lysosomal Therapeutics (LTI) today announced that Allergan has purchased an exclusive option right to acquire LTI.  LTI is focused on innovative small-molecule research and development in the field of neurodegeneration, yielding new treatment options for patients with severe neurological diseases. 

LTI-291, LTI's lead program, aims to stimulate the activity of glucocerebrosidase (GCase) in the brain. In several lysosomal storage diseases, the activity of GCase is reduced due to genetic mutations in the GBA1 gene. Importantly, approximately 5 to 10 percent of patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) have mutations of the GBA1 gene,[i] and it is well documented that these patients have a more rapid progression of Parkinson's disease. Thus, it is hoped that activation of GCase by LTI-291 will impact the progression of PD in these patients.
Under the option agreement, Allergan purchased an option right directly from LTI shareholders to acquire LTI following completion of a Phase 1b trial for LTI-291.  In addition, Allergan will provide a separate upfront research and development payment.  Allergan and LTI will establish a joint development committee to oversee the development activities for LTI-291. Additional terms were not disclosed.
Parkinson's disease is an area of strategic alignment for Allergan and represents an attractive adjacency to Allergan's other CNS businesses, with emphasis on neurodegeneration and movement disorders. Allergan's Open Science model enables the Company to enter areas of innovation with leading partners, while leveraging their expertise through creative partnerships.
"Parkinson's disease is an area of medicine where significant unmet need exists, particularly in the development and potential breakthrough of disease-modifying treatments for the more than 2 million people suffering with Parkinson's today," said David Nicholson, Chief Research & Development Officer, Allergan. "The pioneering work of the LTI team in developing its GCase program harnesses the link between GCase activity and disease progression in patients with a GBA mutation who suffer from Parkinson's disease. The intention is to provide therapeutic benefit for the affected patients by modulating GCase activity. We look forward to working with the LTI team to further their work in this area and the potential for positive Phase 1 results."
"LTI is paving a new path in the characterization of Parkinson's disease, including the understanding of a patient's glycosphingolipid profile and its relevance to therapeutic response," said Kees Been, CEO of Lysosomal Therapeutics.  "We are pleased to work with Allergan to support the acceleration of LTI's leading GCase activators to reach as many Parkinson's patients as soon as possible.  The Allergan team matched its commitment to our leading science with a compelling approach to collaboration – we are thrilled to provide our new partner with development candidates for severe neurodegenerative diseases.  We look forward to reaching the milestones that will deliver significant value to both companies, and most of all, to developing much needed therapeutics for patients with PD."
Dr. Kenneth Marek, President and Senior Scientist at the Institute for Neurodegenerative Disorders of the Michael J. Fox Parkinson Progression Marker Initiative, Clinical Professor of Neurology at Yale University and a member of LTI's Scientific Advisory Board added, "The key unmet need for Parkinson's disease patients and families is to slow disease progression. LTI has taken a novel personal medicine approach to Parkinson's Disease, targeting rapidly-progressing patients who carry a mutant GBA1 gene.  The LTI drug candidate, which is designed to reverse the loss of enzyme activity in patients with the genetic mutation, has a chance to be the first drug in its class."  
Covington & Burling LLP served as Allergan's legal counsel.  Goodwin Procter LLP and Faber Daeufer & Itrato PC served as LTI's legal counsel.
About Allergan plc
Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN), headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, is a bold, global pharmaceutical company and a leader in a new industry model – Growth Pharma.  Allergan is focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceuticals, devices and biologic products for patients around the world.
Allergan markets a portfolio of leading brands and best-in-class products for the central nervous system, eye care, medical aesthetics and dermatology, gastroenterology, women's health, urology and anti-infective therapeutic categories.
Allergan is an industry leader in Open Science, the Company's R&D model, which defines Allergan's approach to identifying and developing game-changing ideas and innovation for better patient care. This approach has led to Allergan building one of the broadest development pipelines in the pharmaceutical industry with 70+ mid-to-late stage pipeline programs in development.
Our Company's success is powered by our more than 15,000 global colleagues' commitment to being Bold for Life. Together, we build bridges, power ideas, act fast and drive results for our customers and patients around the world by always doing what it is right.
With commercial operations in approximately 100 countries, Allergan is committed to working with physicians, healthcare providers and patients to deliver innovative and meaningful treatments that help people around the world live healthier lives every day.
For more information, visit Allergan's website at www.Allergan.com. 
About Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc.
Lysosomal Therapeutics Inc. (LTI) is dedicated to innovative small-molecule research and development in the field of neurodegeneration, yielding new treatment options for patients with severe neurological diseases. LTI's strategy leverages the clinically validated link between lysosome-based genetic disorders and neurodegenerative diseases to establish a unique and effective platform for novel drug discovery. LTI's lead program targets Gaucher-related neurodegeneration, Parkinson's disease and other synucleinopathies. Investors include Atlas Venture, Hatteras Venture Partners, Lilly Ventures, Partners Innovation Fund, Roche Venture Fund and Sanofi Genzyme BioVentures. www.lysosomaltx.com 
Allergan Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
Statements contained in this press release that refer to future events or other non-historical facts are forward-looking statements that reflect Allergan's current perspective of existing trends and information as of the date of this release. Except as expressly required by law, Allergan disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from Allergan's current expectations depending upon a number of factors affecting Allergan's business. These factors include, among others, the difficulty of predicting the timing or outcome of FDA approvals or actions, if any; the impact of competitive products and pricing; market acceptance of and continued demand for Allergan's products; difficulties or delays in manufacturing; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in Allergan's periodic public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to Allergan's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (certain of such periodic public filings having been filed under the "Actavis plc" name). Except as expressly required by law, Allergan disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
i Ann Med. 2013 Dec;45(8):511-21. Glucocerebrosidase mutations and the pathogenesis of Parkinson disease.




CONTACTS:    


ALLERGAN:





Investors:





Lisa DeFrancesco





(862) 261-7152





 
Media:





Mark Marmur





(862) 261-7558 





 
Lysosomal Therapeutics:





Doug MacDougall





MacDougall Biomedical Communications





(508) 904-5656




 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/allergan-enters-parkinsons-disease-through-option-arrangement-with-lysosomal-therapeutics-inc-lti-for-its-potential-first-in-class-breakthrough-compounds-300387519.html
SOURCE  Allergan plc





Print this page
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on Google+
Share on LinkedIn
View our RSS Feed












Media Contacts




Mark Marmur
Global Corporate Media Relations
 +1 (862) 261 7558
 mark.marmur@allergan.com


Fran DeSena
U.S. Product Media Relations
 +1 (201) 427-8762
 frances.desena@allergan.com


Janet Kettels
International Product Media Relations
 +44 773 850 6476
 kettels_janet@allergan.com

For local media contacts in other countries, please visit the relevant country website.
Investor relations:

Karina Calzadilla
Investor Relations
 +1 (862) 261 7488
 investorrelations@allergan.com











Country Websites



Global


Corporate Website




Africa

South Africa
Egypt





Americas

Argentina
Barbados
Bolivia
Brazil
Canada
Chile
Colombia
Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Jamaica
Mexico
Panama
Peru
Puerto Rico
Trinidad & Tobago
Uruguay
Venezuela



Asia Pacific

Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Israel
Japan
Jordan
Korea
Kuwait
Lebanon
Malaysia
New Zealand
Pakistan
Palestine
Philippines
Russia
Saudi Arabia


Sri Lanka
Singapore
Taiwan
Thailand
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam
Yemen






Europe

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania


Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Serbia
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom



















