 


	William E. MacDonald Jr. left a legacy beyond his many years on Cleveland's civic boards | 						cleveland.com










































































Cleveland.com




















Back to Main Menu

Close

Customize Your Weather

Set Your Location:

Enter City and State or Zip Code





Congratulations!
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time.





AccuWeather.com Quick Look

Change your current location »

View Full Weather Report










Search











Search Cleveland.com





Account
Sign In





Close


Sign in toCleveland.com






You are signed in as



Edit
Public Profile
Sign Out









Subscribe






The Plain Dealer
Sun News
Media Insider Rewards




















comments






William E. MacDonald Jr. left a legacy beyond his many years on Cleveland's civic boards



photo (26).jpg
        
            William E. MacDonald Jr., former chairman and chief executive of Ohio Bell Telephone Co. and a prominent civic leader, died on July 29. He was 95.
        
        
            
                (courtesy MacDonald family)



Print
Email


Janet H. Cho, The Plain Dealer

	



	



By

	
		
	
		
			
	
		
	
	
	
	
	Janet H. Cho, The Plain Dealer

The Plain Dealer
 Email the author | Follow on Twitter
on August 09, 2014 at  7:00 AM, updated August 09, 2014 at  7:01 AM









 comments
















		Cleveland can be the nation's next big civic renaissance story. The city has many prerequisites.. and a quality of life few other cities can match.
		






CLEVELAND, Ohio -- William E. "Bill" MacDonald Jr., a prominent and influential civic leader and former chairman and chief executive of the Ohio Bell Telephone Co., now better known as AT&T Ohio, died July 29. He was 95.
His lengthy career included stints as as chairman of the board at the Cleveland Clinic, the United Way, and the Greater Cleveland Growth Association, before it became part of the Greater Cleveland Partnership.
In 1985, at the request of former Cleveland Mayor George V. Voinovich, MacDonald chaired North Coast Harbor, the nonprofit agency that oversaw the development of the lakefront from the Cuyahoga River to East 9th Street and paved the way for the Great Lakes Science Center and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum.
"Mr. MacDonald was a long-term, dedicated supporter of the Cleveland Clinic and a strong community leader," said Toby Cosgrove, M.D., president and chief executive of the Cleveland Clinic. "We are very proud that his son, William (Bill) E. MacDonald III continues the legacy and serves on our board of directors and leads our audit committee. He will be missed."
MacDonald also served on the boards of trustees for the Musical Arts Association, University Circle, Downtown Cleveland Corporation, the George W. Codrington Charitable Foundation, and Lutheran Medical Center.
"Yes, Cleveland can be the nation's next big civic renaissance story," MacDonald wrote in 1982 as chairman of the Growth Association. "The city has many of the basic prerequisites -- stable, constructive political leadership, a large and solid base of commerce and industry, and an overall quality of life that few other cities can match.
"Whether or not we realize the dream of renaissance in the 1980s depends on many things -- including the national and world economies. But most of all, it depends on what Cleveland and Clevelanders do with the considerable means at our disposal. In short, it depends on whether we have the plans, programs and the determination to make our city succeed."
Bill MacDonald III, former vice chairman of National City Corp., said his father loved Cleveland. "He was a really kind, giving person. All the cards and letters we've gotten from people say he always treated everybody really well, that he never forgot where he came from. He had a great sense of humor and could tell jokes better than just about anybody."
Susan MacDonald said her father-in-law, as befitting a member of the Greatest Generation, was a very humble person who despite the war and the hardships he lived through, "never expected any payback for any of his sacrifices."
She said he was also an enthusiastic adopter of the latest gadgets. Whether it was having a satellite phone in his car or surfing the Internet, "he was always very facile with technology and always ahead of the curve," she said.
Bill MacDonald Jr. was born in Columbus in Oct. 14, 1918, the only child of William E. MacDonald Sr. and the former Caroline Mueller. A third generation Ohioan, his grandfather, James, served in the Civil War, his family said. 
MacDonald grew up in Columbus and was a 1940 graduate of Ohio State University, where he studied business and was a member of Beta Theta Pi fraternity. He married Ruth "Muffy" Foster in 1941.
He was a lieutenant in the U.S. Navy and was stationed in London during World War II. He was one of two officers assigned to decode and deliver messages from President Franklin Roosevelt to Prime Minister Winston Churchill.
He began his career at Ohio Bell collecting coins from pay phones. He worked at the American Telephone and Telegraph Co. in New York before returning to Columbus in 1955.
MacDonald was Ohio Bell's vice president of operations when he moved to Cleveland in 1964, and was elected to the company's top post in 1978. He retired in 1983 after a 42-year career.
In a 1982 open letter to the leadership of Ohio, MacDonald wrote: "Ohio's basic strengths are unsurpassed in the nation and the world. Ohio is a wonderful State with unlimited potential."
MacDonald was a member of the boards of directors of BancOhio, Brush Wellman, Lamson & Sessions, Owens-Illinois, Yale Material Handling, and Mutual of America. He was an avid golfer who often shot his age or better, a skilled fly fisherman and a gifted musician, his family said. 
He was predeceased by his wife, and survived by two sons: William E. III (Susan) of Vero Beach, Florida; and John (Daisy) of Kansas City, Missouri; four grandchildren: Heather Stefanski (Ben), Lindsay Hubbard (Nathan), Daisy Selman (Andrew), and Thatcher MacDonald; and six great-grandchildren.
The family is holding a private service of celebration, and suggests that donations in his name be made to: the Cleveland Clinic's Department of Preventative Medicine, P.O. Box 931517, Cleveland, OH 44193; or to St. Paul's Episcopal Church, 2747 Fairmount Blvd., Cleveland Heights, OH, 44106. An online guestbook can be signed at www.Brown-Forward.com.

































Top Workplaces


Top Workplaces 2017

View the entire 2017 list

A glimpse of top winners
Top Workplaces survey methodology
Northeast Ohio's top places to work dating back to 2010
Millennial values redefining companies
These NE Ohio employers are hiring


More Top Workplaces »



Business Features






Northeast Ohio business and networking events







Northeast Ohio commercial real estate news







ScamFinder! Protect yourself from common scams








Active Discussions




Most Read














Business news in your inbox
Sign up to get our business newsletter twice a day, Mon.-Fri.
Leave this field blank 
 
optional



Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information.

See our privacy policy


Thank you for your subscription
We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com.  To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here.
































William E. MacDonald, III Joins Lamson & Sessions Board
















Contact 
            Us
|
 About 
            Us
|
Our 
            Businesses
|
Investor 
            Relations
|
News























William E. MacDonald, III Joins Lamson & Sessions Board  

 CLEVELAND, Dec 
13, 2006 /PRNewswire-FirstCall via COMTEX News Network/ -- Lamson & Sessions (NYSE: LMS) today announced that it has expanded its Board of Directors to 10, and that William E. MacDonald, III, Vice Chairman of National City Corporation, has been elected to the Board after an extensive search for an independent director. 
"Bill MacDonald brings a unique perspective to our Board, gained from his distinguished 38-year career with one of the nation's leading financial services institutions," said John B. Schulze, Chairman. "We look forward to his insights and contributions as Lamson & Sessions builds on its momentum of growth and shareholder value creation." 
Mr. MacDonald, 60, who recently announced his decision to retire effective December 31, 2006, was elected to his current position with National City in 2001. He is responsible for its seven-state regional and its national Corporate Banking businesses, the Risk Management and Credit Administration unit, Capital Markets and the Private Client Group. 
He joined National City in 1968. During his tenure, he was involved in a number of major acquisitions as National City significantly strengthened its position as one of the nation's leading financial services institutions. He held a succession of key management and senior leadership roles in retail and corporate banking, including his 1997 appointment to president and CEO of National City's Ohio bank and the addition in 1999 of responsibility for all of corporate banking. 
Mr. MacDonald serves on the boards of MTC Technologies, Inc.; WVIZ/PBS and 90.3 WCPN ideastream; The Cleveland Clinic Foundation; the Great Lakes Theater Festival; and The Diversity Center. He is a graduate of Leadership Cleveland and is a member of the Financial Services Roundtable. Mr. MacDonald earned a bachelor's degree from Trinity College in 1968 and Master's of Business Administration from the Weatherhead School of Management at Case Western Reserve University in 1974. 
Lamson & Sessions is a leading producer of thermoplastic enclosures, fittings, wiring outlet boxes and conduit for the electrical, telecommunications, consumer, power and wastewater markets. For additional information, please visit our Web site at: http://www.lamson-sessions.com. 








 



Home 
        | Contact Us | About 
        Us | Our Businesses | Investor 
        Relations | News


        Copyright © 2003 Lamson & Sessions  







Home  HomeAboutContact  Read More  There are leaders, and then there's everyone else. At The William E MacDonald Co., Inc, we take immense pride in driving the industry standards forward, focusing on efficiency, quality, and safety.No one ever complained about hiring the best.  WELCOME  When you have a serious project that needs to be done, look no further than The William E MacDonald Co., Inc, America's leader in industrial craftsmanship. We innovate. We deliver.  The William E MacDonald Co., Inc was founded in 1931 by Bill MacDonald. In the last three-quarters of a century a lot has changed – technology, governments, world economies, the materials we use in our daily lives. But, one things remains unchanged – our dedication to doing the best work in the world. We keep an old fashioned attitude about work, and that's that it needs to be done when we promised. More and more, that means relying on brilliant engineers and hardworking craftsmen working in tandem.  The William E MacDonald Co., Inc    leadership            Our standards are high. So high in fact, we're in a league of our own, moving our entire industry forward. The William E MacDonald Co., Inc has become synonymous with the highest quality craftsmanship.No one ever complained about having their work executed perfectly.   quality  It's old fashioned now, but we do what we say we're going to do. Plain and simple. Our word is bond, and that applies to our deadlines, as well. No one ever complained that we had too much integrity.  When you're dealing with a million moving pieces, your tools can be the difference between moving forward and spinning your wheels. At The William E MacDonald Co., Inc, we're continually finding the best new technology. No one ever complained it was too easy.  Read More  reliability  technology  Read More  Read More  BEST SERVICES        ARCO  JENNY    TUBULAR PRODUCTS  STAINLESS      AIRLOC    Read More  15OCT2014​ARCO​Keeping in stride with new uses for the Rotary Phase Converters, Arco has complied a detail list to recognize which models fit your needs. http://www.arco-electric.com/Sizing.aspx  28OCT2014​REELCRAFTReelcraft has created an interactive website ​http://www.reelcraft.com/ that enables the client to quickly search models that fir the user’s need. It’s a great tool to shorten order time!​    NEWPOWERFULTECHNOLOGIES  Honesty, commitment and qualityCraftmanshipis What we represent    LATEST NEWS  REELCRAFT    Copyright © The William E MacDonald Co., Inc    View on Mobile

	WILLIAM MacDONALD Obituary - Shaker Heights, OH | The Plain Dealer






 










































































Obituaries






























Services






BROWN FORWARD INC




17022 CHAGRIN BLVD


Shaker Heights, OH  44120



(216) 752-1200


Website
View Map


Send Flowers








                    For more information about 
WILLIAM MacDONALD



View Funeral Home Obituary










Resources


More Obituaries for MacDONALD


Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name?












WILLIAM E. MacDONALD Jr.


Obituary
Condolences
Gallery


































 MacDONALD WILLIAM E. MacDONALD, JR. One of the great members of Cleveland's Greatest Generation passed away on July 29, 2014 at the age of 95. William E. MacDonald "Bill", former Chairman & CEO of the Ohio Bell Telephone Company, was an outstanding Ohio business and civic leader. He was Chairman of the Board of the Cleveland Clinic, the United Way, and the Cleveland Growth Association. At Mayor Voinovich's request, he chaired the Waterfront Development Committee, which paved the way for the Great Lakes Science Center and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. He also had a prominent role in the Mayor's Operations Improvement Task Force. Additionally, he served on many Boards of Trustees including the Musical Arts Association, University Circle, Downtown Cleveland Corporation, Codrington Foundation, and Lutheran Medical Center. As a Lieutenant in the U.S. Navy during World War II, he was stationed in London. Lt. MacDonald was one of two officers assigned to decode and deliver messages from Roosevelt to Churchill. Born in Columbus, Mr. MacDonald was a 1940 Graduate of Ohio State University where he was a member of the Beta Theta Pi Fraternity. He began his telephone company career collecting coins from pay phones. After a series of promotions, including time with the American Telephone and Telegraph Company in New York, he returned to Columbus, OH in 1955, and moved to Cleveland in 1964 as Vice President of operations and was elected to Ohio Bell's top post in 1978. He retired after a 42 year illustrious business career. He was a member of the Boards of Directors of BancOhio, Brush Wellman, Lamson & Sessions, Owens-Illinois, Yale Material Handling, and Mutual of America. An avid golfer, Mr. MacDonald often shot his age or better. He was also a skilled fly fisherman and gifted musician. He was a member of The Fifty Club of Cleveland, The Union Club, The Country Club, The Pepper Pike Club, and Castalia Trout Club. He was predeceased 25 years ago by his wife Ruth (Muffy) and is survived by two sons: William E. III (Susan) of Vero Beach, FL and John (Daisy) of Kansas City, MO; four grandchildren: Heather Stefanski (Ben), Lindsay Hubbard (Nathan), Daisy Selman (Andrew), Thatcher MacDonald; and six great grandchildren. The family prefers that those who wish make contributions in his name to: Cleveland Clinic's Department of Preventive Medicine, P.O. Box 931517, Cleveland, OH 44193 or to St. Paul's Episcopal Church, 2747 Fairmount Blvd., Cleveland Hts., OH 44106. The family will hold a Private Service. For further information and to sign the guestbook, please log online to: www.Brown-Forward.com BROWN-FORWARD SERVICE 216-752-1200



Published in The Plain Dealer from Aug. 1 to Aug. 3, 2014


Read More



Listen to Obituary










Remember
Share memories or express condolences below.



View All






Add Message







"Bill,  I am very sorry to learn of the passing of your..."-Rick Trivisonno
"Bill,  I am sorry to learn of the passing of your father. ..."-Neil Bloomberg

View all messages 17







 Add Photos
            


WILLIAM E. MacDONALD Jr. Photo




 Add Videos
            

















Resources



Send Funeral Flowers


View Funeral Home Details




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note







< Back to today's Obituaries

























































Notify Friends and Family

Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary.

To: *Invalid To Email




From: *Invalid From Email



Message:






Optional

Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners.
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.





Your email was sent successfully.

Return to the obituary
Send another email



Share






























There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
We apologize for the inconvenience.





















			
                                    © Copyright 1999-2017
                                    Legacy.com
                                    All Rights Reserved 
                            
		
                            
                            
                             | Questions? Contact us 
                            
                            | Search obituaries nationwide






















William E. MacDonald III










This is a beta version of NNDB







Search: 
      
All Names
Living people
Dead people
Band Names
Book Titles
Movie Titles
Full Text

      for 
      











William E. MacDonald IIIBorn: c. 1946Gender: MaleRace or Ethnicity: WhiteOccupation: BusinessNationality: United StatesExecutive summary: Vice Chairman of National City, 2001-06    University: Trinity College Hartford (1968)    University: MA, Weatherhead School, Case Western Reserve University (1974)    Administrator: Trustee, Baldwin-Wallace College    National City Vice Chairman (2001-06)
    National City EVP Corporate Banking (1999-)
    National City President and CEO, National City Ohio Bank (1997-)
    National City EVP (1993-)
    National City (1968-93)
    Member of the Board of American Greetings (2007-)
    Member of the Board of Lamson & Sessions Co. (2006-)
    Member of the Board of Lincoln Electric Holdings 
    Member of the Board of MTC Technologies, Inc. (2002-)
    Member of the Board of Olympic Steel, Inc. (2000-)
    Bill Bradley for President     Bush-Cheney '04     Cleveland Clinic Foundation Trustee    The Financial Services Roundtable     Friends of Senator D'Amato 1998 Committee     Leadership PAC 2006     National Conference for Community and Justice Vice Chairman
    Pioneer PAC     United Way 




New!
NNDB MAPPER
Create a map starting with


William E. MacDonald III


Requires Flash 7+ and Javascript.

Do you know something we don't?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile

Copyright ©2014 Soylent Communications




NNDB MAPPERQinetiQ and InQtelWilliam E. MacDonald IIIRequires Flash 7+ and Javascript.Related TopicsAmerican BusinessHelix Fossil













William E. MacDonald III - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















William E. MacDonald III
Board Member at Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you William E. MacDonald III? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William E. MacDonald III's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in William E. MacDonald III's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William E. MacDonald III's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William E. MacDonald III through your network of contacts.
												








William E. MacDonald III's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.


Past
To view William E. MacDonald III's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															Trinity College


														 M.B.A., 
															Case Western Reserve University


														 Ph.D., 
															Baldwin-Wallace College


Age
70

 
 


William E. MacDonald III's Biography



Recent Business Experience:
Mr. MacDonald is the former Vice Chairman of National City Corporation (a diversified financial holding company), a position he held from 2001 until his retirement in 2006, where he was responsible for its seven-state regional and national corporate banking businesses, the Risk Management and Credit Administration unit, Capital Markets and the Private Client Group. Mr. MacDonald joined National City in 1968 and, during his tenure, held a number of key management positions, including Senior Executive Vice President of National City Corporation and President and Chief Executive Officer of National City's Ohio bank. ...
(Read More)

			Recent Business Experience:
Mr. MacDonald is the former Vice Chairman of National City Corporation (a diversified financial holding company), a position he held from 2001 until his retirement in 2006, where he was responsible for its seven-state regional and national corporate banking businesses, the Risk Management and Credit Administration unit, Capital Markets and the Private Client Group. Mr. MacDonald joined National City in 1968 and, during his tenure, held a number of key management positions, including Senior Executive Vice President of National City Corporation and President and Chief Executive Officer of National City's Ohio bank.
 
Directorships:
Mr. MacDonald was a member of the Board of American Greetings Corporation from 2007 until September 2013 when the company was privatized. In addition, Mr. MacDonald served on the Board of MTC Technologies, Inc. from 2002 to 2008 and The Lamson & Sessions Co. from 2006 to 2007 when, in each case, the boards were dismantled as a result of divestitures.
 
Qualifications:
Mr. MacDonald brings experience in leading a large corporate organization with over 35,000 employees and structuring complex financing solutions for large and middle-market businesses to the Board and its Compensation and Executive Development Committee (where he is Chair) and Finance Committee. In addition to his expertise in economic issues, Mr. MacDonald appreciates the human resources and development challenges facing a global, publicly-traded company.
		
Source: Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. on 03/20/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William E. MacDonald III's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like William E. MacDonald III. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in William E. MacDonald III's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William E. MacDonald III's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William E. MacDonald III through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: William E. MacDonald III


















William E. MacDonald III's Connections (399)





Sign up now to view William E. MacDonald III's 399 connections »









Jon E. Barfield
Board Member, CMS Energy









Kenneth A. Minihan
Former Board Member, The KEYW Holding Corporation









Jerry S. Thornton
Former Board Member, RPM International Inc.









Robert E. Rich
Former Board Member, Integer Holdings Corporation









David J. Hessler
Board Member, Shiloh Industries, Inc.









Loyal W. Wilson
Board Member, Steris Plc









Stephen G. Hanks
Board Member, Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.









Thomas A. Flohn
President, Lincoln Electric Europe, Middle East and Africa, Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.









George H. Walls
Board Member, Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.









Christopher L. Mapes
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















William E. MacDonald III: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 12:22 PM ET
Machinery

Company Overview of Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
William E. MacDonald IIIIndependent Director, Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships70$199,992
Background

		Mr. William E. MacDonald, III, served as an Executive Vice President of National City Corp., since 1993. Mr. MacDonald served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of National City's Ohio bank since 1998. He served as a Senior Executive Vice President of National City Corporation since 1999. He served as President of Cleveland bank since 1992. He served as Manager of the London office of National City and headed the marketing division before assuming responsibility ... for the Retail Banking group. He served as Member of the Office of the Chairman of National City Corporation. Mr. MacDonald served in various other management positions with National City Corporation for over 30 years. He was responsible for National City's seven-state regional and its national Corporate Banking businesses, the Risk Management and Credit Administration unit, Capital Markets and Wealth Management. He began his career with National City in 1968 as a Management Trainee and held a succession of management positions in the branch, domestic and international loan divisions. Mr. MacDonald served as Vice Chairman of National City Corporation from March 2001 to 2006. He has been an Independent Director of The Lamson & Sessions Co. since December 13, 2006. He has been a Director of BAE Systems Science and Technology, Inc., since 2002. He serves as Director of Lincoln Electric Company and Segmint, Inc. He has been Independent Director of Lincoln Electric Holdings Inc. since 2007. He served as a Director of American Greetings Corp. since 2007 until October 2013. He serves as a Trustee of WVIZ/PBS and 90.3 WCPN ideastream; Great Lakes Theater Festival; Union Club Board of Directors, Firestone Country Club; National Conference for Community and Justice; and Baldwin-Wallace College. He served as Director of National City Bank. He serves as a Member of Board of Trustees of The Cleveland Clinic Foundation. He is a Member of Financial Services Roundtable. He is a Graduate, Leadership Cleveland Class of 1987. He holds an Honorary Doctorate Degree from Baldwin-Wallace College. Mr. MacDonald received a Bachelor’s Degree from Trinity College in Hartford in 1968 and Master of Business Administration from the Weatherhead School of Management at Case Western Reserve University in 1974.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
22801 St. Clair AvenueCleveland, Ohio 44117United StatesPhone: 216-481-8100Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorSegmint, Inc.2002-PresentDirectorBAE Systems Science and Technology, Inc.2006-PresentIndependent DirectorThe Lamson & Sessions Co.2007-PresentIndependent DirectorLincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.
Education
Honorary Doctorate 1968Trinity CollegeMBA Weatherhead School of Management, Case Western Reserve University
Other Affiliations
National City CorporationAmerican Greetings Corp.The Lamson & Sessions Co.BAE Systems Science and Technology, Inc.National City BankTrinity CollegeWeatherhead School of Management, Case Western Reserve UniversitySegmint, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$93,000Total Calculated Compensation$199,992




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationErik David Gershwind Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorMSC Industrial Direct Co., Inc.$700.7KMax H. Mitchell Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorCrane Co.$915.0KTod E. Carpenter Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorDonaldson Company, Inc.$742.1KRonald M. DeFeo CEO, President & DirectorKennametal Inc.$605.3KRichard G. Kyle Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorThe Timken Company$900.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































		     William E. McDonald | Bush Seyferth Paige	











































Bush Seyferth Paige


Home
About Us
Practice Expertise
Professionals
News & Alerts
Contact Us
Golf & Tennis Classic




Professionals
Attorneys

Cheryl A. Bush
Patrick G. Seyferth
Moheeb H. Murray
Stephanie A. Douglas
Roger P. Meyers
Molly K. Conway – Mannor
Jessica V. Currie
Jennifer M. Eble
Elizabeth V. Johnson
Mark F.C. Johnson
Brittney D. Kohn
Amy B. Larson
William E. McDonald
Susan M. McKeever
Vincent C. Sallan
Michael K. Steinberger
Michael D. Wagner
Michael R. Williams
Stephen D. Winter
Elizabeth A. Zatina


Support Professionals

Brendan A. Blase
Patricia M. Costigan
Wendy G. Einkorn
Allison E. Fant
Chloe H. Higgins
Michele L. Hill
Timekka Johnson
Joellyn M. Jolly
Sarah K. McIntosh
Rose M. Ojala
Deborah L. Reiss
Alexis D. Rivera
Katie L. Schultz
Kaitlin M. Scola
Charlene E.  Walmsley
Amy A. Zelasko





William E. McDonald
 William (“Bill”) McDonald focuses his practice on commercial, insurance, and product liability litigation.   Bill has counseled clients in matters involving the Federal Trade Commission, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, and the Department of Justice.  Bill has extensive experience handling large-scale e-discovery projects.
Bill received his Juris Doctor (J.D.) from The Ohio State University Moritz College of Law in May 2012. Before his legal studies, Bill attended Grand Valley State University, double-majoring in Economics and Finance, and earned a 3-year merit scholarship from The Ohio State University for law school.
For more about Bill McDonald, please click here for a detailed biography.

E-Mail: mcdonald@bsplaw.com
Tel/Fax: (248) 822-7807
Download V-Card
























	WILLIAM MACDONALD Obituary - Shaker Heights, OH | Kansas City Star






 
















































































BROWN FORWARD INC




Kansas City Star Obituaries
|












 POWERED BYSearch












Services






BROWN FORWARD INC




17022 CHAGRIN BLVD


Shaker Heights, OH  44120



(216) 752-1200


Website
View Map


Send Flowers








                    For more information about 
WILLIAM MACDONALD



View Funeral Home Obituary










Resources


More Obituaries for MACDONALD


Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name?












WILLIAM E. "BILL" MACDONALD


Obituary
Condolences
Gallery


































 WILLIAM E. "BILL" MACDONALD One of the great members of Cleveland's Greatest Generation passed away on July 29, 2014 at the age of 95. William E. MacDonald ("Bill"), former Chairman & CEO of the Ohio Bell Telephone Company, was an outstanding Ohio business and civic leader. He was Chairman of the Board of the Cleveland Clinic, the United Way, and the Cleveland Growth Association. At Mayor Voinovich's request, he chaired the Waterfront Development Committee, which paved the way for the Great Lakes Science Center and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. He also had a prominent role in the Mayor's Operations Improvement Task Force. Additionally, he served on many Boards of Trustees including the Musical Arts Association, University Circle, Downtown Cleveland Corporation, Codrington Foundation, and Lutheran Medical Center. As a Lieutenant in the U.S. Navy during World War II, he was stationed in London. Lt. MacDonald was one of two officers assigned to decode and deliver messages from Roosevelt to Churchill. Born in Columbus, Mr. MacDonald was a 1940 Graduate of Ohio State University where he was a member of the Beta Theta Pi Fraternity. He began his telephone company career collecting coins from pay phones. After a series of promotions, including time with the American Telephone and Telegraph Company in New York, he returned to Columbus, Ohio in 1955, and moved to Cleveland in 1964 as Vice President of operations and was elected to Ohio Bell's top post in 1978. He retired after a 42 year illustrious business career. He was a member of the Boards of Directors of BancOhio, Brush Wellman, Lamson & Sessions, Owens-Illinois, Yale Material Handling, and Mutual of America. An avid golfer, Mr. MacDonald often shot his age or better. He was also a skilled fly fisherman and gifted musician. He was a member of The Fifty Club of Cleveland, The Union Club, The Country Club, The Pepper Pike Club, and Castalia Trout Club. He was predeceased 25 years ago by his wife Ruth (Muffy) and is survived by two sons: William E. III (Susan) of Vero Beach, FL and John (Daisy) of Kansas City, MO; four grandchildren: Heather Stefanski (Ben), Lindsay Hubbard (Nathan), Daisy Selman (Andrew), Thatcher MacDonald; and six great grandchildren. The family prefers that those who wish make contributions in his name to: Cleveland Clinic's Department of Preventive Medicine, P.O. Box 931517, Cleveland, OH 44193 or to St. Paul's Episcopal Church, 2747 Fairmount Blvd., Cleveland Hts., OH 44106. The family will hold a Private Service. For further information and to sign the guestbook, please log online to: www.Brown-Forward.com Brown- Forward Service 216-752-1200



Published in Kansas City Star from Aug. 1 to Aug. 3, 2014


Read More



Listen to Obituary










Remember
Share memories or express condolences below.



View All






Add Message







"Bill,  I am very sorry to learn of the passing of your..."-Rick Trivisonno
"Bill,  I am sorry to learn of the passing of your father. ..."-Neil Bloomberg

View all messages 17







 Add Photos
            


WILLIAM E. "BILL" MACDONALD Photo




 Add Videos
            

















Resources



Send Funeral Flowers


View Funeral Home Details




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note







< Back to today's Obituaries

























































Notify Friends and Family

Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary.

To: *Invalid To Email




From: *Invalid From Email



Message:






Optional

Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners.
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.





Your email was sent successfully.

Return to the obituary
Send another email



Share






























There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
We apologize for the inconvenience.










































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings










































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























 






Macdonald William Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Macdonald William Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Macdonald's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Macdonald William's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Macdonald William's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Macdonald William 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Macdonald’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailMacdonald’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Macdonald’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Macdonald is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Macdonald’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Macdonald is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Macdonald's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Macdonald's background in the comforts of home.
Macdonald will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Macdonald's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Macdonald William, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Macdonald's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 































SpyFly


































































Spy Fly
















facebook
twitter
google_plus




Member Login



 




Find Out Everything
Quick and easy public record checks









First Name



Last Name



Select a State

- Select State -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming 














Phone and Email Records
SpyFly strives to provide accurate and up-to-date phone and email records  that you can rely on. 
View Records


Address History
SpyFly's address history lists current and past locations featuring an interactive map.
View Records


Career, Lifestyle, and More
With SpyFly you can access career and lifestyle info, relatives, associates, and much more.
View Records






DISCLAIMER: SpyFly provides affordable, immediate access to public record information. It is PROHIBITED by law to use our service or the information contained on our website to make decisions about employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly does not provide private investigator services, consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Please be EXTREMELY careful when reviewing a person’s criminal history. Please DO NOT use this information without further investigating the accuracy of the information. The information available on our website may not be complete, accurate, or current. For more information, please review SpyFly Terms of Use.
 










WARNING!
The website you are about to access contains public records that may include phone numbers, email addresses, contact information, address history, careeer info, relatives, associates, and criminal records (DUI/DWI, felonies, misdemeanors, theft, sex crimes, etc.). 
					
					By clicking "Continue" you agree to not use our service or our information to make decisions about  employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
					

Continue

open lightbox
open lightbox



Creating private search...


1. Your Search is private 
2. We never notify the person you are searching 
3. We don't share search history with third-parties 

Establishing a private connection




Connecting to secure GEO database...




.


Optimizing Network Connection



Accessing Secure Connection...



Connecting to Federal, State, and County databases...



Establishing Privacy Protocol. Your search will be anonymous...








One Moment...



Ready to Search all available databases

Continue







Searching for   of ...
Please wait while we retrieve city, county, and state records.









Initiating Nationwide Search...
Searching through millions of public records 



Screening State and County Archives...
Identifying possible subjects that match search criteria...



Downloading matches from Database... 
Isolating possible subject matches




facebook

Person A, Somewhere
Testimonial One...



facebook

Person B, Somewhere
Testimonial Two...



facebook

Person C, Somewhere
Testimonial Three...




SEARCH COMPLETE!


Please enter your email address below to immediately view results











Privacy Policy | 
			Terms of Use




SEARCH COMPLETE!







 