                     Mackenzie Investments                      Skip to content       Login   Login   AdvisorAccess   InvestorAccess   Advisor Resources    Fund Facts About Us Institutional   Français 中文    Search            Français     Welcome to MackenzieInvestments.comWe are improving our website for visitors like you and could use some help. Please tell us a little bit about yourself:   I am a current or prospective investor   I am a financial advisor or work at an advisory firm   I support the financial services industry     This website uses cookies to provide you with a better experience and personalized content. To learn more about cookies, please refer to our Legal Disclaimers in the Legal & Privacy section of the site. ©2017 Mackenzie Investments. All rights reserved.            Sections         Orderable Materials Only      Mutual Fund Prices       Prices & Performance       Mutual Funds  Daily Fund Prices Fund Performance Fund Distributions Fund Codes & Fees Distribution Tax Factors Foreign Currency Exposure      Exchange Traded Funds  Daily Fund Prices Fund Performance Fund Distributions       Fund FactsFund Facts include a useful and easy-to-read summary of the key facts about a fund         ETF Prices         Products & Services       Mutual Funds  Overview Income Confidence High Diversification Funds Series T Funds  Corporate Class Funds    Managed Assets  Symmetry Portfolios       Exchange Traded Funds  Overview Maximum Diversification ETFs Designated Brokers/Market Makers    Accounts  Locked-In Plans RDSPs RESPs RRIFs RRSPs TFSAs      Private Wealth Solutions  Overview Preferred Pricing Private Wealth Pools Private Wealth Counsel    Services  Group Plans Mackenzie Charitable Giving Program Tax & Estate Planning          Investment Teams        Mackenzie All Cap Value Team Mackenzie Asset Allocation Team Mackenzie Canadian Growth Team Mackenzie Cundill Team Mackenzie Fixed Income Team Mackenzie Global Equity & Income Team Mackenzie Growth Team Mackenzie Ivy Team Mackenzie Resource Team Mackenzie Systematic Strategies Team       Subadvisors    Team Insights  Commentary Manager Videos Market Commentary       Tools & CalculatorsLearn how to meet your financial goals with Mackenzie Investments’ online tools and calculators         Advisor Resources        Mackenzie Webcasts (Login Required)Build Your Business (Login Required)Advisor Toolkit All About Advice Mackenzie Express Blog    Marketing Materials  Materials Applications & Forms      Advisor & Investor Tools  (Login Required)Advisor Sales Tools (Login Required)Investment Calculators (Login Required)InfoMack    Account Access  Login to AdvisorAccess About AdvisorAccess Register for AdvisorAccess      Why Register    Get in touch with your Sales Team See daily prices for funds you own or are watching Organize saved items for future reference   Register         Investor Education        All About Advice  Funding Education Estate Planning Guide to Mackenzie Funds Mackenzie Insight      Resources  Investor Tools & Financial Calculators Applications & Forms    Account Access  Login to InvestorAccess About InvestorAccess Register for InvestorAccess      Why Register    Secure and convenient Gain online access to Mackenzie Investments account information Available 24/7   Register        Blog                      Richard Wong – Portfolio Manager, Mackenzie Cundill TeamMackenzie Minute: July 21, 2017Mackenzie Minute: July 21, 2017 Watch now               Fund InsightsThe Case for the US Mid Cap Space Learn more               Get the latest updates from Mackenzie ExpressJuly 2017 Learn more               Local. Regional. Global.Your Choice of Income Solutions. Learn more               Mackenzie sponsors True Patriot Love FoundationProud supporters of Canada’s veterans Donate               Next stop on the Mackenzie Tour – PGA TOUR Canada:Syncrude Oil Country ChampionshipEdmonton, AB - July 31 - August 6Edmonton, AB - July 31 - August 6 Learn more        Play                 News Commentary     What's New   Mackenzie Investments announces distributions for its Active Exchange Traded Funds (MKB, MUB, MFT, MGB, MHYB) Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie Investments) has announced the July 2017 cash distributions for its Active Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) that trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) and Aequitas NEO Exchange. Unitholders of record on July 31, 2017 will receive cash distributions payable on August 8, 2017.July 25, 2017    Bookmark the Web Page, Mackenzie Investments announces distributions for its Active Exchange Traded Funds (MKB, MUB, MFT, MGB, MHYB) Add to My Bookmarks      Share                 Tags: Mutual Funds, Exchange Traded Funds (ETF), Press Releases   Fund Insights: The Case for the US Mid Cap Space US mid cap stocks offer a risk-return “sweet spot” between the opportunities of dynamic small businesses and the steady growth of large-cap companies.July 21, 2017    Bookmark the Web Page, Fund Insights: The Case for the US Mid Cap Space Add to My Bookmarks      Share                 Tags: Mackenzie US Mid Cap Growth Class, Mackenzie US Mid Cap Growth Currency Neutral Class, Mackenzie Growth Team   Mackenzie Minute: July 21, 2017 Watch Richard Wong, Portfolio Manager on the Mackenzie Cundill Team, as he discusses the improved strength of the global financial system and opportunities for investors.July 21, 2017   Tax Planning by Private Corporations On July 18, 2017, the Department of Finance Canada issued its highly anticipated consultation paper, which addressed some of the tax strategies that incorporated business owners and professionals use in their tax planning.July 20, 2017    Bookmark the Web Page, Tax Planning by Private Corporations Add to My Bookmarks      Share                 Tags: Tax PlanningView all news  Market Commentary   Q1 2017 Commentary – Mackenzie Ivy Team Over the first quarter of 2017, the global market finished strong, continuing the trend that started last fall. Far East markets outperformed the US and European markets; this is the opposite of what was observed in Q4, when Far East markets lagged their global counterparts. European markets also posted strong performance. US markets achieved new all-time highs. The U.S. Federal Reserve raised the federal funds rate again in March 2017, after the hike in December 2016, citing higher home prices, low unemployment rate and improving economic confidence.March 31, 2017    Bookmark the Web Page, Q1 2017 Commentary – Mackenzie Ivy Team Add to My Bookmarks      Share                 Tags: Commentaries, Mackenzie International Growth Class, Mackenzie International Growth Fund, Mackenzie Ivy Canadian Balanced Class, Mackenzie Ivy Canadian Balanced Fund, Mackenzie Ivy Canadian Fund, Mackenzie Ivy European Class, Mackenzie Ivy Foreign Equity Class, Mackenzie Ivy Foreign Equity Currency Neutral Class, Mackenzie Ivy Foreign Equity Fund, Mackenzie Ivy Global Balanced Class, Mackenzie Ivy Global Balanced Fund, Mackenzie Ivy International Equity Fund   Q1 2017 Commentary – Mackenzie Global Equity & Income Team During Q1 2017, Mackenzie Global Dividend Fund returned 7.4%. This compares with the MSCI World Total Return Index ($CDN) return of 5.3%.March 31, 2017    Bookmark the Web Page, Q1 2017 Commentary – Mackenzie Global Equity & Income Team Add to My Bookmarks      Share                 Tags: Commentaries, Mackenzie Canadian Large Cap Dividend Class, Mackenzie Canadian Large Cap Dividend Fund, Mackenzie Global Dividend Fund, Mackenzie Global Strategic Income Fund, Mackenzie US Dividend Fund, Mackenzie US Dividend Registered Fund, Mackenzie USD Global Strategic Income Fund, Mackenzie Global Equity and Income Team   Q1 2017 Commentary – Mackenzie Resource Team During the quarter, oil prices pulled back over concerns of higher inventory levels. Oil prices dipped below US$50 briefly during March but ended the quarter marginally over $51. Our holdings in California Resources and Whiting Petroleum both pulled back materially with oil prices coming off. The two companies remain levered to higher energy prices. We believe the firms remain undervalued in an environment of $60 oil prices.March 31, 2017    Bookmark the Web Page, Q1 2017 Commentary – Mackenzie Resource Team Add to My Bookmarks      Share                 Tags: Commentaries, Mackenzie Canadian Resource Fund, Mackenzie Global Resource Class, Mackenzie Gold Bullion Class, Mackenzie Precious Metals ClassView all commentaries     Videos  1  -  2 of 10     Previous video  Previous video     Next video  Next video                           Mackenzie Minute: July 21, 2017Richard Wong, Portfolio Manager on the Mackenzie Cundill Team, discusses the improved strength of the global financial system and opportunities for investors.     July 21, 2017 (1m 56s)      Bookmark the Video, Mackenzie Minute: July 21, 2017 Add to My Bookmarks      Share                                     Mackenzie Minute: July 7, 2017James Morrison, Associate Portfolio Manager on the Mackenzie Ivy Team, discusses how the Team’s investment philosophy helps to navigate developments in global markets.      July 7, 2017 (2m 9s)      Bookmark the Video, Mackenzie Minute: July 7, 2017 Add to My Bookmarks      Share                                     Mackenzie Minute: June 23, 2017Michael Cooke, Senior Vice President, Head of Exchange Traded Funds, discusses how the Mackenzie ETF Team delivers relevance amidst the changing backdrop for investment professionals.      June 23, 2017 (1m 57s)      Bookmark the Video, Mackenzie Minute: June 23, 2017 Add to My Bookmarks      Share                                     Mackenzie Minute: June 9, 2017 Hussein Sunderji, Portfolio Manager on the Mackenzie Ivy Team, discusses the broader issues that are on his radar and how the Ivy funds are faring in recent global markets.      June 9, 2017 (2m 4s)      Bookmark the Video, Mackenzie Minute: June 9, 2017  Add to My Bookmarks      Share                                     Mackenzie Minute: May 26, 2017Rick Weed, Head of the Mackenzie Systematic Strategies Team, provides an overview of valuations and growth prospects in four major regions.     May 26, 2017 (1m 56s)      Bookmark the Video, Mackenzie Minute: May 26, 2017 Add to My Bookmarks      Share                                     Mackenzie Minute: May 12, 2017Matt Moody, Portfolio Manager on the Mackenzie Ivy Team, discusses the recent lack of market volatility and developments in the consumer goods industry.      May 12, 2017 (1m 59s)      Bookmark the Video, Mackenzie Minute: May 12, 2017 Add to My Bookmarks      Share                                     Why Canadian Stocks May Outperform US on ValueTodd Mattina, Chief Economist & Strategist on the Mackenzie Asset Allocation Team speaks to Bloomberg TV Canada about the recent performance of the Canadian dollar.     May 9, 2017 (6m 50s)      Bookmark the Video, Why Canadian Stocks May Outperform US on Value Add to My Bookmarks      Share                                     Navigating Changing Bond MarketsSteve Locke, Head of the Mackenzie Fixed Income Team, discusses strategies to navigate changing markets and provides an overview of the latest additions to the Mackenzie range of income solutions.     April 26, 2017 (3m 3s)      Bookmark the Video, Navigating Changing Bond Markets Add to My Bookmarks      Share                                     One year on. The Mackenzie Active Fixed Income ETF SuiteOn the first anniversary of Mackenzie’s active ETFs, CEO Barry McInerney and SVP Michael Cooke discuss ETFs as important tools for investors and their advisors.     April 26, 2017 (3m 11s)      Bookmark the Video, One year on. The Mackenzie Active Fixed Income ETF Suite Add to My Bookmarks      Share                                     Mackenzie Minute: April 21, 2017Movin Mokbel, Portfolio Manager on the Mackenzie Fixed Income Team, discusses the impact of rates on the Mackenzie Floating Rate Income Fund.      April 21, 2017 (2m 7s)      Bookmark the Video, Mackenzie Minute: April 21, 2017 Add to My Bookmarks      Share                         View all videos          Advisor Resources Login  

       








   Email ID    Help for E-mail ID  For example: john.smith@company.com           Remember me      Password    Help for Password  Password to access Advisor Resources      Forgot Password   Login | Register   

   AdvisorAccess  InvestorAccess         Fund Finder     Mutual Funds  ETF     Fund Name or Fund Code   Search     OR    Asset Class 
Asset Class
Alternative Strategies
Canadian Balanced
Canadian Equity
Canadian Fixed Income
Global Balanced
Global Equity
Global Fixed Income
High Yield Fixed Income
Managed Assets
Money Market
Regional Equity
Sector and Specialty
US Equity
    Find Funds    View All Funds Fund Codes & Fees   Fund Codes & Fees       Fund Name or Fund Code   Search     OR    Asset Class 
Asset Class
Canadian Equity
Canadian Fixed Income
Global Equity
Global Fixed Income
High Yield Fixed Income
US Equity
    Find ETFs    View All ETFs             Market Indices  12:14AM ET 26/07/2017     Index Last Trade Change   S&P TSX   15,202.37     +73.68  +0.49%     DJIA   21,613.43     +100.26  +0.46%     NASDAQ   6,412.17     +1.36  +0.02%     S&P 500   2,477.13     +7.22  +0.29%     S&P CDNX   763.77     +3.08  +0.40%     CAD    0.79946      +0.00014  +0.02%       Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes.               myMackenzie  The current section is My Sales Team    The current section is My Funds     The current section is My Bookmarks     The current section is (0) My Cart    Open Close            Loading… Loading…                         Contact Us | Mackenzie Investments                       Skip to content       Login   Login   AdvisorAccess   InvestorAccess   Advisor Resources    Fund Facts About Us Institutional   Français 中文    Search            Français     Welcome to MackenzieInvestments.comWe are improving our website for visitors like you and could use some help. Please tell us a little bit about yourself:   I am a current or prospective investor   I am a financial advisor or work at an advisory firm   I support the financial services industry     This website uses cookies to provide you with a better experience and personalized content. To learn more about cookies, please refer to our Legal Disclaimers in the Legal & Privacy section of the site. ©2017 Mackenzie Investments. All rights reserved.            Sections         Orderable Materials Only      Mutual Fund Prices       Prices & Performance       Mutual Funds  Daily Fund Prices Fund Performance Fund Distributions Fund Codes & Fees Distribution Tax Factors Foreign Currency Exposure      Exchange Traded Funds  Daily Fund Prices Fund Performance Fund Distributions       Fund FactsFund Facts include a useful and easy-to-read summary of the key facts about a fund         ETF Prices         Products & Services       Mutual Funds  Overview Income Confidence High Diversification Funds Series T Funds  Corporate Class Funds    Managed Assets  Symmetry Portfolios       Exchange Traded Funds  Overview Maximum Diversification ETFs Designated Brokers/Market Makers    Accounts  Locked-In Plans RDSPs RESPs RRIFs RRSPs TFSAs      Private Wealth Solutions  Overview Preferred Pricing Private Wealth Pools Private Wealth Counsel    Services  Group Plans Mackenzie Charitable Giving Program Tax & Estate Planning          Investment Teams        Mackenzie All Cap Value Team Mackenzie Asset Allocation Team Mackenzie Canadian Growth Team Mackenzie Cundill Team Mackenzie Fixed Income Team Mackenzie Global Equity & Income Team Mackenzie Growth Team Mackenzie Ivy Team Mackenzie Resource Team Mackenzie Systematic Strategies Team       Subadvisors    Team Insights  Commentary Manager Videos Market Commentary       Tools & CalculatorsLearn how to meet your financial goals with Mackenzie Investments’ online tools and calculators         Advisor Resources        Mackenzie Webcasts (Login Required)Build Your Business (Login Required)Advisor Toolkit All About Advice Mackenzie Express Blog    Marketing Materials  Materials Applications & Forms      Advisor & Investor Tools  (Login Required)Advisor Sales Tools (Login Required)Investment Calculators (Login Required)InfoMack    Account Access  Login to AdvisorAccess About AdvisorAccess Register for AdvisorAccess      Why Register    Get in touch with your Sales Team See daily prices for funds you own or are watching Organize saved items for future reference   Register         Investor Education        All About Advice  Funding Education Estate Planning Guide to Mackenzie Funds Mackenzie Insight      Resources  Investor Tools & Financial Calculators Applications & Forms    Account Access  Login to InvestorAccess About InvestorAccess Register for InvestorAccess      Why Register    Secure and convenient Gain online access to Mackenzie Investments account information Available 24/7   Register        Blog        Home Contact Us     Contact Us        

   We're here to help Please complete this form and we will respond to you within two business days. For immediate assistance, please see our contact information on the right-hand side of this page.  First Name      Last Name      Firm Name (optional)       Phone Number      Ext. (optional)       Email      Dealer Code (optional)      Advisor Code (optional)        Subject      Message       









        



 Please check the box to continue.          Send   Cancel           Help     General & Account Information Telephone:  1-800-387-0614  Option 1: Deferred Sales Charges and 10% Free Option 2: Registered Educational Savings Plans and Segregated Funds Option 3: Registered Disability Savings Plans Option 4: General and Other Account Plan Inquiries  Hours:  Monday to Friday 8am to 8pm (ET) Email:  service@mackenzieinvestments.com Fax: 1-866-766-6623  Group Plan Support Telephone:  1-800-665-0513  Option 1: English Hours:  Monday to Friday 8am to 8pm (ET) Option 2: French Hours:  Monday to Friday 8am to 6pm (ET)    Marketing ServicesFinancial Advisors requiring information on Mackenzie Investments products.Telephone:  1-800-387-0780  Option 1: English Hours:  Monday to Friday 8am to 8pm (ET) Option 2: French Hours:  Monday to Friday 8am to 6pm (ET)    TTY Tele-Typewriter users only Canada Toll-Free: 1-855-325-7030  Mailing Address Mackenzie Investments 180 Queen Street West Toronto, ON M5V 3K1 Canada              myMackenzie  The current section is My Sales Team    The current section is My Funds     The current section is My Bookmarks     The current section is (0) My Cart    Open Close            Loading… Loading…                         Investor Tools & Financial Calculators | Mackenzie Investments                             Skip to content       Login   Login   AdvisorAccess   InvestorAccess   Advisor Resources    Fund Facts About Us Institutional   Français 中文    Search            Français     Welcome to MackenzieInvestments.comWe are improving our website for visitors like you and could use some help. Please tell us a little bit about yourself:   I am a current or prospective investor   I am a financial advisor or work at an advisory firm   I support the financial services industry     This website uses cookies to provide you with a better experience and personalized content. To learn more about cookies, please refer to our Legal Disclaimers in the Legal & Privacy section of the site. ©2017 Mackenzie Investments. All rights reserved.            Sections         Orderable Materials Only      Mutual Fund Prices       Prices & Performance       Mutual Funds  Daily Fund Prices Fund Performance Fund Distributions Fund Codes & Fees Distribution Tax Factors Foreign Currency Exposure      Exchange Traded Funds  Daily Fund Prices Fund Performance Fund Distributions       Fund FactsFund Facts include a useful and easy-to-read summary of the key facts about a fund         ETF Prices         Products & Services       Mutual Funds  Overview Income Confidence High Diversification Funds Series T Funds  Corporate Class Funds    Managed Assets  Symmetry Portfolios       Exchange Traded Funds  Overview Maximum Diversification ETFs Designated Brokers/Market Makers    Accounts  Locked-In Plans RDSPs RESPs RRIFs RRSPs TFSAs      Private Wealth Solutions  Overview Preferred Pricing Private Wealth Pools Private Wealth Counsel    Services  Group Plans Mackenzie Charitable Giving Program Tax & Estate Planning          Investment Teams        Mackenzie All Cap Value Team Mackenzie Asset Allocation Team Mackenzie Canadian Growth Team Mackenzie Cundill Team Mackenzie Fixed Income Team Mackenzie Global Equity & Income Team Mackenzie Growth Team Mackenzie Ivy Team Mackenzie Resource Team Mackenzie Systematic Strategies Team       Subadvisors    Team Insights  Commentary Manager Videos Market Commentary       Tools & CalculatorsLearn how to meet your financial goals with Mackenzie Investments’ online tools and calculators         Advisor Resources        Mackenzie Webcasts (Login Required)Build Your Business (Login Required)Advisor Toolkit All About Advice Mackenzie Express Blog    Marketing Materials  Materials Applications & Forms      Advisor & Investor Tools  (Login Required)Advisor Sales Tools (Login Required)Investment Calculators (Login Required)InfoMack    Account Access  Login to AdvisorAccess About AdvisorAccess Register for AdvisorAccess      Why Register    Get in touch with your Sales Team See daily prices for funds you own or are watching Organize saved items for future reference   Register         Investor Education        All About Advice  Funding Education Estate Planning Guide to Mackenzie Funds Mackenzie Insight      Resources  Investor Tools & Financial Calculators Applications & Forms    Account Access  Login to InvestorAccess About InvestorAccess Register for InvestorAccess      Why Register    Secure and convenient Gain online access to Mackenzie Investments account information Available 24/7   Register        Blog        Home Investor Education Resources Investor Tools & Financial Calculators     Investor Tools & Calculators         All About Advice   Overview Finding a Financial Advisor  Working with a Financial Advisor  Advisor Value Infographic   Funding Education Estate Planning Guide to Mackenzie Funds  Overview Building Your Portfolio Make Investing Easier Tracking Your Investments  Investor Insights  Investor Insights: Stay on Track to Get Ahead   Exchange Traded Funds  Overview Liquidity of ETFs     Resources  Investor Tools & Financial Calculators  Overview (current section)   Applications & Forms   About InvestorAccess  Overview InvestorAccess FAQs Conditions of Use Login to InvestorAccess   Retirement Confidence Boosters Mackenzie Insight  Summer 2017 The Value of Advice for Explorer Alexander Mackenzie Mackenzie @ 50: From Local Start-Up to National Innovator            Retirement PlanningRRSP CalculatorCalculate how much you will need to save between now and the day you retire.RRSP IllustratorGet a personalized assessment of the tax benefits you gain by investing in your RRSP.RRSP Loan PlannerFind out how an RRSP loan could help boost your income at retirement.RIF/LIF IllustratorFind out how much income your Registered Savings plan will generate in retirement.Registered/Non-Registered ComparisonWeigh the benefits of registered versus non-registered growth.        Investment and SavingAdvantage of Early InvestingLearn the importance of investing early and on a regular basis.Investment & Regular DepositSee how your one time investment or regular deposit program will grow over the years.Investment & Regular WithdrawalCalculate the regular income stream generated by your non-registered investment.RESP CalculatorDiscover how much your money can grow in an RESP and how much you will need to save for your children's education.          Mortgage and LendingMortgage QualifierUse this calculator to find out how much you could qualify for and what your monthly payments would be.Mortgage and Loan Amortization SchedulerThis easy to use tool provides a detailed payment schedule for your mortgage or loan.Debt ConsolidatorThis calculator can show you how much you might save by consolidating your debt at a lower interest rate.        Personal FinanceHousehold Cash Flow StatementThe first step in building a wise financial plan is determining your family's income and expenses.Net Worth StatementComplete your personal financial picture by pinpointing your personal assets and liabilities.               myMackenzie  The current section is My Sales Team    The current section is My Funds     The current section is My Bookmarks     The current section is (0) My Cart    Open Close            Loading… Loading…                         Advisor Resources | Mackenzie Investments                       Skip to content       Login   Login   AdvisorAccess   InvestorAccess   Advisor Resources    Fund Facts About Us Institutional   Français 中文    Search            Français     Welcome to MackenzieInvestments.comWe are improving our website for visitors like you and could use some help. Please tell us a little bit about yourself:   I am a current or prospective investor   I am a financial advisor or work at an advisory firm   I support the financial services industry     This website uses cookies to provide you with a better experience and personalized content. To learn more about cookies, please refer to our Legal Disclaimers in the Legal & Privacy section of the site. ©2017 Mackenzie Investments. All rights reserved.            Sections         Orderable Materials Only      Mutual Fund Prices       Prices & Performance       Mutual Funds  Daily Fund Prices Fund Performance Fund Distributions Fund Codes & Fees Distribution Tax Factors Foreign Currency Exposure      Exchange Traded Funds  Daily Fund Prices Fund Performance Fund Distributions       Fund FactsFund Facts include a useful and easy-to-read summary of the key facts about a fund         ETF Prices         Products & Services       Mutual Funds  Overview Income Confidence High Diversification Funds Series T Funds  Corporate Class Funds    Managed Assets  Symmetry Portfolios       Exchange Traded Funds  Overview Maximum Diversification ETFs Designated Brokers/Market Makers    Accounts  Locked-In Plans RDSPs RESPs RRIFs RRSPs TFSAs      Private Wealth Solutions  Overview Preferred Pricing Private Wealth Pools Private Wealth Counsel    Services  Group Plans Mackenzie Charitable Giving Program Tax & Estate Planning          Investment Teams        Mackenzie All Cap Value Team Mackenzie Asset Allocation Team Mackenzie Canadian Growth Team Mackenzie Cundill Team Mackenzie Fixed Income Team Mackenzie Global Equity & Income Team Mackenzie Growth Team Mackenzie Ivy Team Mackenzie Resource Team Mackenzie Systematic Strategies Team       Subadvisors    Team Insights  Commentary Manager Videos Market Commentary       Tools & CalculatorsLearn how to meet your financial goals with Mackenzie Investments’ online tools and calculators         Advisor Resources        Mackenzie Webcasts (Login Required)Build Your Business (Login Required)Advisor Toolkit All About Advice Mackenzie Express Blog    Marketing Materials  Materials Applications & Forms      Advisor & Investor Tools  (Login Required)Advisor Sales Tools (Login Required)Investment Calculators (Login Required)InfoMack    Account Access  Login to AdvisorAccess About AdvisorAccess Register for AdvisorAccess      Why Register    Get in touch with your Sales Team See daily prices for funds you own or are watching Organize saved items for future reference   Register         Investor Education        All About Advice  Funding Education Estate Planning Guide to Mackenzie Funds Mackenzie Insight      Resources  Investor Tools & Financial Calculators Applications & Forms    Account Access  Login to InvestorAccess About InvestorAccess Register for InvestorAccess      Why Register    Secure and convenient Gain online access to Mackenzie Investments account information Available 24/7   Register        Blog        Home Advisor Resources     Advisor Resources         (Login Required)Build Your Business  (Login Required)Overview (Login Required)Niche Marketing (Login Required)Mastering Referrals (Login Required)Marketing to Families (Login Required)Life Changing Events (Login Required)Reinforce Your Brand (Login Required)Power of Story All in the Family – Bridging the Gap Between Generations Webcast   (Login Required)Advisor Toolkit  (Login Required)Overview (Login Required)Top Questions Clients May Ask This RRSP Season (Login Required)Your Value Calculator   All About Advice  Overview Take the Lead on CRM2  Overview   Implementing CRM2  Overview   (Login Required)Reinforcing Advisor Value Fee-based practice roadmap A Tale of Two Policies   Mackenzie Webcasts  Overview Mackenzie ETFs – Delivering a Year of Performance Time for a New Income Approach Federal Budget 2017: What You Need to Know   Mackenzie Express  Current Issue Fund Profiles Mackenzie Economic Reports Feature Articles  Q3 Outlook 2017: Steady Global Growth Sets a Bullish Backdrop Q3 Outlook 2017: Asset Allocation Q3 Outlook 2017: Fixed Income Q2 Outlook: Trumponomics and the Global Reflation Trade Q2 Outlook: Asset Allocation Q2 Outlook: Fixed Income Article Archive     Advisor & Investor Tools  (Login Required)Advisor Sales Tools (Login Required)Investment Calculators (Login Required)InfoMack   Marketing Materials  Applications & Forms Materials   About AdvisorAccess  Overview AdvisorAccess FAQs Conditions of Use Login to AdvisorAccess   Blog                     Mackenzie Economic ReportsEnhance your understanding of the current market with Mackenzie’s new economic reportsEnhance your understanding of the current market with Mackenzie’s new economic reports Learn more                 Support for your businessLogin to access to advisor tools, and sales and marketing materialsLogin to access to advisor tools, and sales and marketing materials Login        Play                  Login to Advisor Resources for:  Build Your Business Mackenzie Express Tools & Calculators and more...        Mackenzie Express     Mackenzie publishes new quarterly commentaries  Navigate fixed income, asset allocation and the global market with Mackenzie’s latest quarterly commentaries. Todd Mattina, Chief Economist and Strategist on the Mackenzie Asset Allocation Team; Steve Locke, Head of the Mackenzie Fixed Income; and Alain Bergeron, Head of the Mackenzie Asset Allocation Team; recap the previous quarter and what to expect in Q3. July 19, 2017    Bookmark the Web Page, Mackenzie Express Add to My Bookmarks   Learn more         Advisor Resources Login  

       








   Email ID    Help for E-mail ID  For example: john.smith@company.com           Remember me      Password    Help for Password  Password to access Advisor Resources      Forgot Password   Login | Register   

   AdvisorAccess  InvestorAccess         Fund Finder     Mutual Funds  ETF     Fund Name or Fund Code   Search     OR    Asset Class 
Asset Class
Alternative Strategies
Canadian Balanced
Canadian Equity
Canadian Fixed Income
Global Balanced
Global Equity
Global Fixed Income
High Yield Fixed Income
Managed Assets
Money Market
Regional Equity
Sector and Specialty
US Equity
    Find Funds    View All Funds Fund Codes & Fees   Fund Codes & Fees       Fund Name or Fund Code   Search     OR    Asset Class 
Asset Class
Canadian Equity
Canadian Fixed Income
Global Equity
Global Fixed Income
High Yield Fixed Income
US Equity
    Find ETFs    View All ETFs                   myMackenzie  The current section is My Sales Team    The current section is My Funds     The current section is My Bookmarks     The current section is (0) My Cart    Open Close            Loading… Loading…    


         AdvisorAccess | Mackenzie Investments
      























































Skip to content








Fund Facts
Blog
Institutional
Français
中文


Search














 Home 

AdvisorAccess Login
















            AdvisorAccess Login
         


         First time user? You must register first to login to AdvisorAccess.
      

         I have read and agree to the Conditions of Use last modified October 2014.
      




            User ID
            
         








               Remember me
            




            Password
            
         
















            Forgot your Password?
         



            Enter User ID
         













            Forgot your User ID?
         



            Enter Email Address
         



















Top Five FAQs


What information do I need to register?

Will I be able to access my clients' accounts as soon as I register?

What do I do if I forget my User ID or password?

What services are available through AdvisorAccess?

How does Mackenzie ensure security of my client's personal information?
















Mackenzie Financial Corporation: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 12:14 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Mackenzie Financial Corporation



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Mackenzie Financial Corporation is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It also caters to corporations, high net worth individuals, banking and thrift institutions, investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, other investment advisers, and insurance companies and charitable organizations. It manages separate client focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds, segregated funds, pooled funds, pension funds, and labor sponsored funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. For its equi...
Mackenzie Financial Corporation is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It also caters to corporations, high net worth individuals, banking and thrift institutions, investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, other investment advisers, and insurance companies and charitable organizations. It manages separate client focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds, segregated funds, pooled funds, pension funds, and labor sponsored funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. For its equity portfolios, it invests in growth and value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. For its fixed income portfolios, the firm invests in Canadian government and corporate fixed income securities. The firm employs both fundamental analysis and quantitative analysis to make its investments. It was founded in 1967 and is based in Toronto, Canada with additional offices in Vancouver, Canada and Singapore. Mackenzie Financial Corporation operates as a subsidiary of IGM Financial Inc.
Detailed Description


180 Queen Street WestToronto, ON M5V 3K1CanadaFounded in 1967



Phone: 416-922-2188

Fax: 416-922-7062

www.mackenziefinancial.com







Key Executives for Mackenzie Financial Corporation




Mr. Barry Sean McInerney CFA


      	Chief Executive Officer and President 
      








Mr. Jose Luke Gregoire Gould CFA


      	Senior Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Venkatasubramanian Kannan


      	Chief Financial Officer of Funds and Vice President of Fund Administration
      








Dr. Tony H. Elavia Ph.D.


      	Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer
      


Age: 61
        







Ms. B. Ann Savege


      	Chief Financial Officer of Funds and Senior Vice President
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Mackenzie Financial Corporation Key Developments

Mackenzie Investments to Launch Active ETF on NEO
Apr 20 17
-Mackenzie Financial Corporation planned to launch a fixed income ETF on NEO, and has received final approval from NEO and Canadian securities regulators. This is the fifth fund in Mackenzie Investment’s series of active fixed income ETFs to be launched on the public markets and the first to be launched on NEO. This ETF offers investors another option in building long-term, diversified portfolios. Mackenzie Investments has received final regulatory and NEO approval for the Mackenzie Global High Yield Fixed Income ETF and is expected to begin trading in April 2017. The new ETF seeks to provide a steady flow of income with the potential for long-term capital growth to help meet cash-flow and investment goals. It offers investors another option in building long-term, diversified portfolios. The manager applies disciplined criteria including rigorous credit analysis, ongoing assessment of relative and absolute valuations to help uncover the most attractive risk-adjusted opportunities within the high yield asset class.


Mackenzie Investments Enhances Suite of Smart Beta ETFs and Mutual Funds
Jan 23 17
Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie Investments) announced the launch of an Emerging Markets Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) and mutual fund product based on the award-winning TOBAM investment process that offer investors enhanced diversification solutions. The launch expands the suite of smart beta ETFs and mutual funds managed by TOBAM. The new ETF and mutual fund give investors a wider access to regional options with the potential to reduce risk concentration, and market bias, and improve risk-adjusted returns in emerging markets securities. In partnership with TOBAM and Mackenzie Investments offers a proven methodology designed to protect portfolios from structural bias and unmanaged risks often found in cap-weighted indices.


China Asset Management Co., Ltd., IGM Financial Inc., Mackenzie Financial Corporation, Power Corporation of Canada - M&A Call
Jan 5 17
To discuss agreement of Mackenzie Financial Corporation to acquire an additional 3.9% interest in China Asset Management Co., Ltd.; and also to consider agreement entered into by Power Corporation of Canada to acquire an additional 3.9% interest in China Asset Management Co., Ltd.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2251442 Ontario Inc. Americas 26 Broadway Capital Corp. Americas 4Front Capital Partners, Inc. Americas 888 Capital Group Americas A Nihmey & Associates Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      December 30, 2016
			    
China Asset Management Co., Ltd.



Merger/Acquisition

			      December 29, 2016
			    
China Asset Management Co., Ltd.



Merger/Acquisition

			      August 11, 2016
			    
Gibson Energy Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Mackenzie Financial Corporation, please visit www.mackenziefinancial.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Mackenzie Investments :: About Us


























Disagree
Agree





Canada | United States| International





About Us
Investment Strategies
Market Insights/
  Announcements
Portfolio 
  Management Teams
Contact Us



About Mackenzie Investments

Mackenzie Investments History 


1925
 
Power Corporation of Canada is created


1967

Mackenzie Financial Corporation is created


1969

Power Corp. makes first direct investment in what would later become IGM Financial Inc.


1975
 
First institutional client gained


2001
 
Power Corp., through its ownership of Investors Group, acquires Mackenzie Financial Corporation to form IGM Financial Inc.


2006 
 
Mackenzie Investments acquires Cundill Investment Research Ltd., including its institutional business


2008 
 
Mackenzie Investments acquires Howson Tattersall Investment Counsel, including its institutional business


2012 
 
Mackenzie Investments founds US entity in support of US and global institutional business expansion


 


A boutique approach
We provide a limited number of investment mandates on our institutional platform. To qualify, the mandates must be institutional calibre and relevant to our target client base.
Stable ownership
We are part of a larger, publicly listed, financially stable group of companies, with a history dating back to 1925.
Diverse styles and geographic coverage
Our 70+ investment professionals are organized into eleven distinct teams, covering the investment style spectrum as well as the world map. 
We say what we do, and do what we say
We are committed to delivering an exceptional level of service that benefits our client base and reflects our boutique approach. 

Investment history
Mackenzie Investments has been managing institutional portfolios and relationships 
        for more than 40 years. 
        As of June 30th, 2017, the Institutional assets were US$11.2 billion.
Responsible investing
Mackenzie Investments is a signatory to the United Nations-supported Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) which encourages firms to adopt environmental, social and governance (ESG) principles into their investing practices.
Find out more by reading our Responsible Investing Policy.

 
Back to top





Privacy Protection Notice | Email Safety and Online Fraud
© 2017 Mackenzie Financial Corporation. All rights reserved.
The material presented on this website is for informational purposes only and is intended for institutions, investment professionals, consultants and clients, and does not constitute an offer or solicitation of any kind to buy or sell any investment fund or any other product, investment, security, trading strategy or other service to anyone in any jurisdiction in which an offer or solicitation is not authorized or cannot legally be made or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer.  Prospective clients are responsible for determining whether any product or service may lawfully be sold in their jurisdiction. This website is reserved exclusively for U.S. persons.



About Us
Investment Strategies
Market Insights/Announcements
Portfolio Management Teams
Contact Us




Home
Legal










Mackenzie Financial eyeing active ETFs in plan to expand products - The Globe and Mail

















































































Jump to main navigationJump to main content




News Search
News









Login


Register





18 
Toronto





Subscribe
Help



AdChoices







Home»
Globe Investor»
Funds & ETFs»
ETFs




















Traditional ETFs mimic an index whereas actively managed funds have a portfolio manager overseeing asset allocations. (rvlsoft/Getty Images/iStockphoto)










FUNDS


Mackenzie Financial eyeing active ETFs in plan to expand products
Add to ...




Clare O’Hara
 - Wealth Management Reporter






The Globe and Mail


Published
Thursday, Apr. 16, 2015 6:42PM EDT

Last updated
Friday, Apr. 17, 2015 6:43AM EDT














 Comments



Share via email




Share on facebook




Share on twitter




Share on LinkedIn






 PrintLicense article











Mackenzie Financial Corp. is pursuing a strategy to broaden its product offerings beyond traditional mutual funds, a move that could see it sell exchange-traded funds for the first time and mark a further shakeup of Canada’s wealth management industry.The fund company has appointed Michael Cooke as senior vice-president, head of alternative products for Mackenzie Investments, a newly created position. Mr. Cooke was former head of distribution of Invesco Canada Ltd.’s ETF division, PowerShares Canada. He’ll be considering products that could include hedge funds, liquid alternatives and actively managed exchange-traded funds.

As regulatory changes put pressure on fund companies around fee transparency, many are looking to offer low-cost solutions to keep clients in-house.Last week, Mackenzie’s parent company, Power Financial Corp., invested $30-million in Wealthsimple Financial Inc, a robo-adviser platform that builds automated online portfolios exclusively using ETFs.Mackenzie offers approximately 91 mutual funds, with $76.4-billion in total assets under management. But it does not offer ETFs.‘We are intrigued by this space but we need to understand how we can add value to that space before we can step into it,” Jeff Carney, CEO of Mackenzie, said in an interview.Mackenzie will not consider offering traditional ETFs, but will explore those products using active management, said Mr. Carney.Traditional ETFs mimic an index whereas actively managed funds have a portfolio manager overseeing asset allocations. Active ETFs make up approximately $8-billion of the $80-billion in ETF assets under management in Canada, according to Investor Economics.“In the active space, it is up to your creativity,” said Mr. Carney. “There are quantitative things going on in that space, and we see some of the competitors in that space using traditional management skills. If we were to play in that space, we would be taking advantage of our investment skills at Mackenzie to explore opportunities.”Horizons ETFs Management (Canada) Inc. is one of the largest actively manged ETF providers in Canada with $2.5-billion in actively managed assets. The company first launched an actively managed ETF in 2009, and now has 28 actively manged funds on its platform.“We think actively managed ETFs will continue to be one of the fastest-growing areas of ETFs in Canada,” said Howard Atkinson, president of Horizons. “A new entrant in the actively managed ETF space would help legitimize that industry. Once competition enters the market, fees usually compress and innovation increases, bringing more choice to the end investor.”Mr. Cooke is a well-known ETF veteran and his move to Mackenzie has raised eyebrows in the industry.“This speaks to a rapidly shifting industry,” said Yves Rebetez, managing director of consulting firm ETF Insight. “Clearly, the ETF industry is not going to continue to grow at a rapid pace without there being any response on the part of the mutual fund industry.”The banking sector has already entered the ETF space, with Bank of Montreal and Royal Bank of Canada both launching ETF platforms in 2009. Other banks could also eventually have their own offerings, said Mr. Rebetez.Other players, including both mutual fund and insurance companies, could enter the market if ETF sales are open to include mutual fund advisers, an initiative currently being driven by the Canadian ETF Association (CETFA).“I have felt for a long time now that it was inevitable that major asset managers would start looking at this space,” says Mr. Atkinson, who is also chairman of CETFA. “I think it is more a question of when, not if. Whether it be banks, fund companies or insurance companies, one day they will all have an ETF offering.”


Report Typo/Error

Follow Clare O’Hara on Twitter: @oharaclare





 



More Related to this Story




Dividend ETFs: A great idea but flawed product






Bond-liquidity desperation sends record cash into ETFs worldwide






U.S. oil ETF holders cash out







Topics


Capital Markets

Power Financial Inc.

Mackenzie Financial Inc.











Next story| Learn More

Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better.
You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline.







{{article_sprite}}

{{title}}
{{published_at}}


























Trending







{{title}}












Most popular videos »











 Sports


Michael Phelps races a CGI shark over 100 metres








 News


Opinion: Doug Saunders: Donald Trump's problems with pardons








 News


Trump tells boy scouts that D.C. is a ‘sewer’








 News


Justin Bieber cancels remainder of 'Purpose' tour without explanation










 News


From liver to lentils, the changing messages of Canada's Food Guide








 Sports


Study reveals CTE affects football players at all levels








 Report on Business


Yield Hog: Five reasons to love dividends








 News


McCain makes plea for bipartisanship on Senate floor










 Report on Business


Michael Kors snaps up luxury shoe maker Jimmy Choo








 Arts


George Clooney, Angelina Jolie films slated for TIFF








 Globe Drive


Mercedes-Benz unveils its first pickup, but it’s not coming to Canada








 Life


Origami-inspired kids clothes grow as they do







◀
●
●
●
▶








More from The Globe and Mail








 Globe Investor


Picks from among new breed of ETFs











 Arts


John Doyle: In defence of the proposed Confederate and alternative history




















Most popular







Don’t mess with Boy Scouts









Malaysia’s Petronas scraps $11.4-billion Pacific NorthWest LNG project in B.C.








Globe editorial: The unspoken problem in Pikangikum









U.S. negotiator wrests control of NAFTA file from Wilbur Ross








U.S. House approves new sanctions on Russia, defying Trump




















Add to Watchlist




Add to Watchlist
















We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.






We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.









































Mackenzie Financial Corp Buys C.R. Bard Inc, Automatic Data Processing Inc, Fortis Inc, Sells ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Mackenzie Financial Corp Buys C.R. Bard Inc, Automatic Data Processing Inc, Fortis Inc, Sells ...


May 25, 2017, 04:38:11 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Mackenzie Financial CorpNew Purchases: BCR , ADP , FTS , PCLN, BFAM, EFX, BUFF, COO, WNC, LEA,Added Positions:ORCL, SABR, GIL, VMW, INCR, ERF, CRZO, GOOGL, UPS, CRI,Reduced Positions:TD, DE, USB, DHR, BRK.A, IT, BDX, CL, PFE, CVE,Sold Out:Q, VAR, DVN, PDCO, FITB, HAL, FPRX, PNC, ADSK, H,For the details of MACKENZIE FINANCIAL CORP's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=MACKENZIE+FINANCIAL+CORPThese are the top 5 holdings of MACKENZIE FINANCIAL CORPOracle Corp ( ORCL ) - 10,953,323 shares, 2.86% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 7.48%Royal Bank of Canada ( RY ) - 5,926,334 shares, 2.53% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 2.43%The Toronto-Dominion Bank ( TD ) - 8,309,354 shares, 2.44% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 12.1%Brookfield Asset Management Inc ( BAM ) - 10,849,744 shares, 2.32% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 3.97%Omnicom Group Inc ( OMC ) - 4,188,816 shares, 2.12% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.48%New Purchase: C.R. Bard Inc (BCR)Mackenzie Financial Corp initiated holdings in C.R. Bard Inc. The purchase prices were between $226.56 and $250.85, with an estimated average price of $241.07. The stock is now traded at around $308.72. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.34%. The holdings were 234,992 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Automatic Data Processing Inc (ADP)Mackenzie Financial Corp initiated holdings in Automatic Data Processing Inc. The purchase prices were between $95.25 and $105.11, with an estimated average price of $102. The stock is now traded at around $101.38. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.31%. The holdings were 521,588 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: The Priceline Group Inc (PCLN)Mackenzie Financial Corp initiated holdings in The Priceline Group Inc. The purchase prices were between $1477.57 and $1789.2, with an estimated average price of $1649.48. The stock is now traded at around $1869.06. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.2%. The holdings were 19,408 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Fortis Inc (FTS)Mackenzie Financial Corp initiated holdings in Fortis Inc. The purchase prices were between $30.73 and $33.22, with an estimated average price of $31.93. The stock is now traded at around $32.76. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.2%. The holdings were 1,022,192 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM)Mackenzie Financial Corp initiated holdings in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. The purchase prices were between $68.01 and $72.49, with an estimated average price of $70.03. The stock is now traded at around $76.45. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.19%. The holdings were 451,598 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Equifax Inc (EFX)Mackenzie Financial Corp initiated holdings in Equifax Inc. The purchase prices were between $117.21 and $136.98, with an estimated average price of $127.21. The stock is now traded at around $137.06. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.17%. The holdings were 209,660 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Sabre Corp (SABR)Mackenzie Financial Corp added to the holdings in Sabre Corp by 3253.93%. The purchase prices were between $20.91 and $25.14, with an estimated average price of $22.89. The stock is now traded at around $22.92. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.18%. The holdings were 1,545,657 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Gildan Activewear Inc (GIL)Mackenzie Financial Corp added to the holdings in Gildan Activewear Inc by 260.11%. The purchase prices were between $23.78 and $27.04, with an estimated average price of $25.48. The stock is now traded at around $28.45. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.17%. The holdings were 1,502,762 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: VMware Inc (VMW)Mackenzie Financial Corp added to the holdings in VMware Inc by 311.55%. The purchase prices were between $78.88 and $92.61, with an estimated average price of $88.01. The stock is now traded at around $97.29. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.17%. The holdings were 400,901 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR)Mackenzie Financial Corp added to the holdings in INC Research Holdings Inc by 93.10%. The purchase prices were between $43.45 and $56.55, with an estimated average price of $49.75. The stock is now traded at around $56.23. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.15%. The holdings were 1,196,849 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Enerplus Corp (ERF)Mackenzie Financial Corp added to the holdings in Enerplus Corp by 38.11%. The purchase prices were between $7.46 and $9.61, with an estimated average price of $8.79. The stock is now traded at around $7.81. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.13%. The holdings were 9,820,064 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Alphabet Inc (GOOGL)Mackenzie Financial Corp added to the holdings in Alphabet Inc by 40.47%. The purchase prices were between $807.77 and $872.37, with an estimated average price of $840.98. The stock is now traded at around $995.48. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.12%. The holdings were 84,782 shares as of 2017-03-31.Sold Out: Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc (Q)Mackenzie Financial Corp sold out the holdings in Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc. The sale prices were between $75.35 and $82.3, with an estimated average price of $78.04.Sold Out: Varian Medical Systems Inc (VAR)Mackenzie Financial Corp sold out the holdings in Varian Medical Systems Inc. The sale prices were between $76.57 and $91.65, with an estimated average price of $83.62.Sold Out: Devon Energy Corp (DVN)Mackenzie Financial Corp sold out the holdings in Devon Energy Corp. The sale prices were between $38.8 and $49.01, with an estimated average price of $43.97.Sold Out: Patterson Companies Inc (PDCO)Mackenzie Financial Corp sold out the holdings in Patterson Companies Inc. The sale prices were between $40.31 and $45.89, with an estimated average price of $43.39.Sold Out: Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB)Mackenzie Financial Corp sold out the holdings in Fifth Third Bancorp. The sale prices were between $24.73 and $28.75, with an estimated average price of $26.66.Sold Out: Halliburton Co (HAL)Mackenzie Financial Corp sold out the holdings in Halliburton Co. The sale prices were between $47.78 and $58.21, with an estimated average price of $53.78.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 2 Warning Sign with SABR. Click here to check it out.SABR 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of SABRPeter Lynch Chart of SABRPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        ORCL
                                    
, 

                                        RY
                                    
, 

                                        TD
                                    
, 

                                        BAM
                                    
, 

                                        OMC
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Are CEOs Buying?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







The Most Important Chart for Chipotle Mexican Grill


						7/25/2017 10:10 PM
					



The Procter & Gamble Company in 7 Charts


						7/25/2017 10:00 PM
					



What to Expect From Intel's Q2 Report


						7/25/2017 09:43 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Expands e-Commerce Delivery
Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize
Liberty Media discusses potential deal with Univision -source







Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize ...
An In-Depth Look At Baidu's (BIDU) Artificial Intelligence Aspirations
PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening...
South Alabama Property Receives CSX Select Site Designation




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





ORCL








91%



Rate It





RY








100%



Rate It





TD








75%



Rate It





BAM








100%



Rate It





OMC








100%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX











































Mackenzie Investments - Wikipedia





















 






Mackenzie Investments

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (August 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Mackenzie Investments





Type

Private (subsidiary of IGM Financial Inc.)


Industry
Financial Services


Founded
1967


Founder
Alex Christ


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Number of locations

Vancouver, BC
Montreal, QC
Calgary, AB



Key people

Barry McInerney (President & CEO)
Tony Elavia (Executive VP & Chief Investment Officer)
Geoff Creighton (Senior VP, General Counsel and Secretary & Chief Compliance officer for IGM Financial Inc.)
Brian Gooding (Executive VP, Head of Distribution)
Luke Gould (Senior VP and CFO)
David Faassen (Senior VP, Marketing)
Michael Schnitman (Senior VP, Product)


Products
Mutual funds
Group Plans
Structured Products
Private Client Program
Segregated Funds
Managed Asset Programs
other Investment Products



Number of employees

1,000 [1]


Parent
IGM Financial Inc.


Website
www.mackenzieinvestments.com


Mackenzie Investments was founded in 1967 and is one of Canada’s largest investment management firms by assets under management. Mackenzie Investments provides investment advisory and related services for retail and institutional clients. With $64.4 billion in assets under management, Mackenzie Investments distributes its services through a diversified network of third-party financial advisors.[2] Mackenzie Investments is a member of the IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM) group of companies. IGM Financial is one of Canada's largest financial services companies by assets with over $141 billion in total assets under management. (Note: All figures as of June 30, 2014)



Contents


1 History
2 Mackenzie Investments in the Community
3 Parent Company & affiliate companies
4 References



History[edit]

1967 - Mackenzie Investments was founded by Alex Christ
1967 - Mackenzie Investments created company's first mutual fund, the Industrial Growth Fund (later renamed Mackenzie Growth Fund)
1973 - Mackenzie Investments went public with a listing on the TSX
1977 - Mackenzie Investments bought a stake in Universal Group of Funds
1992 - Mackenzie Investments acquired Ivy Management Inc
1993 - Mackenzie Investments acquired the balance of Universal Group of Funds
1998 - Mackenzie Investments acquired Cundill Funds Inc
2001 - Mackenzie Investments was acquired by Investors Group to create IGM Financial
2006 - Mackenzie Investments acquires Cundill Investment Research Ltd. and its affiliates (The Cundill Group)
2008 - Mackenzie Investments acquired Howson Tattersall Investment Counsel and the Saxon Group of Mutual Funds
2011 - Mackenzie Investments announces that it has reached an agreement with B2B Trust, a subsidiary of Laurentian Bank under which B2B Trust will acquire the MRS Companies (MRS Trust, MRS Inc and MRS Securities Inc.) The transaction is expected to close in November 2011 subject to applicable regulatory notifications and approvals.[3]
2012 - Mackenzie Investments completes the sale of the MRS Companies (MRS Trust, MRS Inc and MRS Securities Inc.) to B2B Trust, a subsidiary of Laurentian Bank
2013 - Mackenzie Investments announced a proposal to simplify and restructure its product offering through the renaming and merger of several funds as well as the amendment of investment objectives for additional funds. Further, several fund brands will be eliminated.[4]

Mackenzie Investments in the Community[edit]
The Mackenzie Investments Charitable Foundation was established in 1999, funded with an endowed gift of $2.3 million from Mackenzie Investments. The Foundation is an employee-driven, non-profit organization that coordinates community giving and donation activities on behalf of the Mackenzie Group of Companies. The Foundation is funded by donations from Mackenzie Investments' employees, clients and the Corporation.[5]
Parent Company & affiliate companies[edit]






v
t
e


Power Corporation of Canada









 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Power Corporation of Canada

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Frère-Bourgeois/CNP Groups

 







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 


 


 

Gesca

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Power Financial

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 

La Presse

 


 

Cyberpresse.ca

 


 


 

Great-West Lifeco

 


 


 


 


 


 

IGM Financial

 


 


 


 

Power Financial Europe B.V.

 


 


 


 




 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





 


 


 


 




 

La Tribune

 


 

Le Nouvelliste

 

The Great-West Life Assurance Company

 


 

Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Co

 

Investors Group

 


 

Mackenzie Investments

 


 


 

Parjointco N.V.

 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 








 

Le Droit

 


 

Le Soleil

 

London Life Insurance Company

 


 

Canada Life Financial

 

Investment Planning Counsel Inc

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Pargesa Holding S.A.

 


 




 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 








 

Le Quotidien

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Groupe Bruxelles Lambert

 


 




 









References[edit]

^ Hoovers: Mackenzie Financial
^ Company Profile
^ Mackenzie Press Release September 2, 2011.
^ Mackenzie Press Release April 23, 2013.
^ http://www.mackenzieinvestments.com/en/pub/about/community/index.shtml.  Missing or empty |title= (help); External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mackenzie_Investments&oldid=742612115"					
Categories: Companies based in TorontoCompanies established in 1967Investment management companies of Canada1967 establishments in OntarioHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesCS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLWikipedia articles needing style editing from August 2009All articles needing style editingPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 4 October 2016, at 18:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mackenzie Investments - Wikipedia





















 






Mackenzie Investments

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (August 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Mackenzie Investments





Type

Private (subsidiary of IGM Financial Inc.)


Industry
Financial Services


Founded
1967


Founder
Alex Christ


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Number of locations

Vancouver, BC
Montreal, QC
Calgary, AB



Key people

Barry McInerney (President & CEO)
Tony Elavia (Executive VP & Chief Investment Officer)
Geoff Creighton (Senior VP, General Counsel and Secretary & Chief Compliance officer for IGM Financial Inc.)
Brian Gooding (Executive VP, Head of Distribution)
Luke Gould (Senior VP and CFO)
David Faassen (Senior VP, Marketing)
Michael Schnitman (Senior VP, Product)


Products
Mutual funds
Group Plans
Structured Products
Private Client Program
Segregated Funds
Managed Asset Programs
other Investment Products



Number of employees

1,000 [1]


Parent
IGM Financial Inc.


Website
www.mackenzieinvestments.com


Mackenzie Investments was founded in 1967 and is one of Canada’s largest investment management firms by assets under management. Mackenzie Investments provides investment advisory and related services for retail and institutional clients. With $64.4 billion in assets under management, Mackenzie Investments distributes its services through a diversified network of third-party financial advisors.[2] Mackenzie Investments is a member of the IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM) group of companies. IGM Financial is one of Canada's largest financial services companies by assets with over $141 billion in total assets under management. (Note: All figures as of June 30, 2014)



Contents


1 History
2 Mackenzie Investments in the Community
3 Parent Company & affiliate companies
4 References



History[edit]

1967 - Mackenzie Investments was founded by Alex Christ
1967 - Mackenzie Investments created company's first mutual fund, the Industrial Growth Fund (later renamed Mackenzie Growth Fund)
1973 - Mackenzie Investments went public with a listing on the TSX
1977 - Mackenzie Investments bought a stake in Universal Group of Funds
1992 - Mackenzie Investments acquired Ivy Management Inc
1993 - Mackenzie Investments acquired the balance of Universal Group of Funds
1998 - Mackenzie Investments acquired Cundill Funds Inc
2001 - Mackenzie Investments was acquired by Investors Group to create IGM Financial
2006 - Mackenzie Investments acquires Cundill Investment Research Ltd. and its affiliates (The Cundill Group)
2008 - Mackenzie Investments acquired Howson Tattersall Investment Counsel and the Saxon Group of Mutual Funds
2011 - Mackenzie Investments announces that it has reached an agreement with B2B Trust, a subsidiary of Laurentian Bank under which B2B Trust will acquire the MRS Companies (MRS Trust, MRS Inc and MRS Securities Inc.) The transaction is expected to close in November 2011 subject to applicable regulatory notifications and approvals.[3]
2012 - Mackenzie Investments completes the sale of the MRS Companies (MRS Trust, MRS Inc and MRS Securities Inc.) to B2B Trust, a subsidiary of Laurentian Bank
2013 - Mackenzie Investments announced a proposal to simplify and restructure its product offering through the renaming and merger of several funds as well as the amendment of investment objectives for additional funds. Further, several fund brands will be eliminated.[4]

Mackenzie Investments in the Community[edit]
The Mackenzie Investments Charitable Foundation was established in 1999, funded with an endowed gift of $2.3 million from Mackenzie Investments. The Foundation is an employee-driven, non-profit organization that coordinates community giving and donation activities on behalf of the Mackenzie Group of Companies. The Foundation is funded by donations from Mackenzie Investments' employees, clients and the Corporation.[5]
Parent Company & affiliate companies[edit]






v
t
e


Power Corporation of Canada









 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Power Corporation of Canada

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Frère-Bourgeois/CNP Groups

 







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 


 


 

Gesca

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Power Financial

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 

La Presse

 


 

Cyberpresse.ca

 


 


 

Great-West Lifeco

 


 


 


 


 


 

IGM Financial

 


 


 


 

Power Financial Europe B.V.

 


 


 


 




 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





 


 


 


 




 

La Tribune

 


 

Le Nouvelliste

 

The Great-West Life Assurance Company

 


 

Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Co

 

Investors Group

 


 

Mackenzie Investments

 


 


 

Parjointco N.V.

 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 








 

Le Droit

 


 

Le Soleil

 

London Life Insurance Company

 


 

Canada Life Financial

 

Investment Planning Counsel Inc

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Pargesa Holding S.A.

 


 




 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 








 

Le Quotidien

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Groupe Bruxelles Lambert

 


 




 









References[edit]

^ Hoovers: Mackenzie Financial
^ Company Profile
^ Mackenzie Press Release September 2, 2011.
^ Mackenzie Press Release April 23, 2013.
^ http://www.mackenzieinvestments.com/en/pub/about/community/index.shtml.  Missing or empty |title= (help); External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mackenzie_Investments&oldid=742612115"					
Categories: Companies based in TorontoCompanies established in 1967Investment management companies of Canada1967 establishments in OntarioHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesCS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLWikipedia articles needing style editing from August 2009All articles needing style editingPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 4 October 2016, at 18:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mackenzie Investments - Wikipedia





















 






Mackenzie Investments

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (August 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Mackenzie Investments





Type

Private (subsidiary of IGM Financial Inc.)


Industry
Financial Services


Founded
1967


Founder
Alex Christ


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Number of locations

Vancouver, BC
Montreal, QC
Calgary, AB



Key people

Barry McInerney (President & CEO)
Tony Elavia (Executive VP & Chief Investment Officer)
Geoff Creighton (Senior VP, General Counsel and Secretary & Chief Compliance officer for IGM Financial Inc.)
Brian Gooding (Executive VP, Head of Distribution)
Luke Gould (Senior VP and CFO)
David Faassen (Senior VP, Marketing)
Michael Schnitman (Senior VP, Product)


Products
Mutual funds
Group Plans
Structured Products
Private Client Program
Segregated Funds
Managed Asset Programs
other Investment Products



Number of employees

1,000 [1]


Parent
IGM Financial Inc.


Website
www.mackenzieinvestments.com


Mackenzie Investments was founded in 1967 and is one of Canada’s largest investment management firms by assets under management. Mackenzie Investments provides investment advisory and related services for retail and institutional clients. With $64.4 billion in assets under management, Mackenzie Investments distributes its services through a diversified network of third-party financial advisors.[2] Mackenzie Investments is a member of the IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM) group of companies. IGM Financial is one of Canada's largest financial services companies by assets with over $141 billion in total assets under management. (Note: All figures as of June 30, 2014)



Contents


1 History
2 Mackenzie Investments in the Community
3 Parent Company & affiliate companies
4 References



History[edit]

1967 - Mackenzie Investments was founded by Alex Christ
1967 - Mackenzie Investments created company's first mutual fund, the Industrial Growth Fund (later renamed Mackenzie Growth Fund)
1973 - Mackenzie Investments went public with a listing on the TSX
1977 - Mackenzie Investments bought a stake in Universal Group of Funds
1992 - Mackenzie Investments acquired Ivy Management Inc
1993 - Mackenzie Investments acquired the balance of Universal Group of Funds
1998 - Mackenzie Investments acquired Cundill Funds Inc
2001 - Mackenzie Investments was acquired by Investors Group to create IGM Financial
2006 - Mackenzie Investments acquires Cundill Investment Research Ltd. and its affiliates (The Cundill Group)
2008 - Mackenzie Investments acquired Howson Tattersall Investment Counsel and the Saxon Group of Mutual Funds
2011 - Mackenzie Investments announces that it has reached an agreement with B2B Trust, a subsidiary of Laurentian Bank under which B2B Trust will acquire the MRS Companies (MRS Trust, MRS Inc and MRS Securities Inc.) The transaction is expected to close in November 2011 subject to applicable regulatory notifications and approvals.[3]
2012 - Mackenzie Investments completes the sale of the MRS Companies (MRS Trust, MRS Inc and MRS Securities Inc.) to B2B Trust, a subsidiary of Laurentian Bank
2013 - Mackenzie Investments announced a proposal to simplify and restructure its product offering through the renaming and merger of several funds as well as the amendment of investment objectives for additional funds. Further, several fund brands will be eliminated.[4]

Mackenzie Investments in the Community[edit]
The Mackenzie Investments Charitable Foundation was established in 1999, funded with an endowed gift of $2.3 million from Mackenzie Investments. The Foundation is an employee-driven, non-profit organization that coordinates community giving and donation activities on behalf of the Mackenzie Group of Companies. The Foundation is funded by donations from Mackenzie Investments' employees, clients and the Corporation.[5]
Parent Company & affiliate companies[edit]






v
t
e


Power Corporation of Canada









 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Power Corporation of Canada

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Frère-Bourgeois/CNP Groups

 







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 


 


 

Gesca

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Power Financial

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 

La Presse

 


 

Cyberpresse.ca

 


 


 

Great-West Lifeco

 


 


 


 


 


 

IGM Financial

 


 


 


 

Power Financial Europe B.V.

 


 


 


 




 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





 


 


 


 




 

La Tribune

 


 

Le Nouvelliste

 

The Great-West Life Assurance Company

 


 

Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Co

 

Investors Group

 


 

Mackenzie Investments

 


 


 

Parjointco N.V.

 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 








 

Le Droit

 


 

Le Soleil

 

London Life Insurance Company

 


 

Canada Life Financial

 

Investment Planning Counsel Inc

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Pargesa Holding S.A.

 


 




 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 








 

Le Quotidien

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Groupe Bruxelles Lambert

 


 




 









References[edit]

^ Hoovers: Mackenzie Financial
^ Company Profile
^ Mackenzie Press Release September 2, 2011.
^ Mackenzie Press Release April 23, 2013.
^ http://www.mackenzieinvestments.com/en/pub/about/community/index.shtml.  Missing or empty |title= (help); External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mackenzie_Investments&oldid=742612115"					
Categories: Companies based in TorontoCompanies established in 1967Investment management companies of Canada1967 establishments in OntarioHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesCS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLWikipedia articles needing style editing from August 2009All articles needing style editingPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 4 October 2016, at 18:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mackenzie Investments - Wikipedia





















 






Mackenzie Investments

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (August 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Mackenzie Investments





Type

Private (subsidiary of IGM Financial Inc.)


Industry
Financial Services


Founded
1967


Founder
Alex Christ


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Number of locations

Vancouver, BC
Montreal, QC
Calgary, AB



Key people

Barry McInerney (President & CEO)
Tony Elavia (Executive VP & Chief Investment Officer)
Geoff Creighton (Senior VP, General Counsel and Secretary & Chief Compliance officer for IGM Financial Inc.)
Brian Gooding (Executive VP, Head of Distribution)
Luke Gould (Senior VP and CFO)
David Faassen (Senior VP, Marketing)
Michael Schnitman (Senior VP, Product)


Products
Mutual funds
Group Plans
Structured Products
Private Client Program
Segregated Funds
Managed Asset Programs
other Investment Products



Number of employees

1,000 [1]


Parent
IGM Financial Inc.


Website
www.mackenzieinvestments.com


Mackenzie Investments was founded in 1967 and is one of Canada’s largest investment management firms by assets under management. Mackenzie Investments provides investment advisory and related services for retail and institutional clients. With $64.4 billion in assets under management, Mackenzie Investments distributes its services through a diversified network of third-party financial advisors.[2] Mackenzie Investments is a member of the IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM) group of companies. IGM Financial is one of Canada's largest financial services companies by assets with over $141 billion in total assets under management. (Note: All figures as of June 30, 2014)



Contents


1 History
2 Mackenzie Investments in the Community
3 Parent Company & affiliate companies
4 References



History[edit]

1967 - Mackenzie Investments was founded by Alex Christ
1967 - Mackenzie Investments created company's first mutual fund, the Industrial Growth Fund (later renamed Mackenzie Growth Fund)
1973 - Mackenzie Investments went public with a listing on the TSX
1977 - Mackenzie Investments bought a stake in Universal Group of Funds
1992 - Mackenzie Investments acquired Ivy Management Inc
1993 - Mackenzie Investments acquired the balance of Universal Group of Funds
1998 - Mackenzie Investments acquired Cundill Funds Inc
2001 - Mackenzie Investments was acquired by Investors Group to create IGM Financial
2006 - Mackenzie Investments acquires Cundill Investment Research Ltd. and its affiliates (The Cundill Group)
2008 - Mackenzie Investments acquired Howson Tattersall Investment Counsel and the Saxon Group of Mutual Funds
2011 - Mackenzie Investments announces that it has reached an agreement with B2B Trust, a subsidiary of Laurentian Bank under which B2B Trust will acquire the MRS Companies (MRS Trust, MRS Inc and MRS Securities Inc.) The transaction is expected to close in November 2011 subject to applicable regulatory notifications and approvals.[3]
2012 - Mackenzie Investments completes the sale of the MRS Companies (MRS Trust, MRS Inc and MRS Securities Inc.) to B2B Trust, a subsidiary of Laurentian Bank
2013 - Mackenzie Investments announced a proposal to simplify and restructure its product offering through the renaming and merger of several funds as well as the amendment of investment objectives for additional funds. Further, several fund brands will be eliminated.[4]

Mackenzie Investments in the Community[edit]
The Mackenzie Investments Charitable Foundation was established in 1999, funded with an endowed gift of $2.3 million from Mackenzie Investments. The Foundation is an employee-driven, non-profit organization that coordinates community giving and donation activities on behalf of the Mackenzie Group of Companies. The Foundation is funded by donations from Mackenzie Investments' employees, clients and the Corporation.[5]
Parent Company & affiliate companies[edit]






v
t
e


Power Corporation of Canada









 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Power Corporation of Canada

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Frère-Bourgeois/CNP Groups

 







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 


 


 

Gesca

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Power Financial

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




 

La Presse

 


 

Cyberpresse.ca

 


 


 

Great-West Lifeco

 


 


 


 


 


 

IGM Financial

 


 


 


 

Power Financial Europe B.V.

 


 


 


 




 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





 


 


 


 




 

La Tribune

 


 

Le Nouvelliste

 

The Great-West Life Assurance Company

 


 

Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Co

 

Investors Group

 


 

Mackenzie Investments

 


 


 

Parjointco N.V.

 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 








 

Le Droit

 


 

Le Soleil

 

London Life Insurance Company

 


 

Canada Life Financial

 

Investment Planning Counsel Inc

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Pargesa Holding S.A.

 


 




 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 








 

Le Quotidien

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

Groupe Bruxelles Lambert

 


 




 









References[edit]

^ Hoovers: Mackenzie Financial
^ Company Profile
^ Mackenzie Press Release September 2, 2011.
^ Mackenzie Press Release April 23, 2013.
^ http://www.mackenzieinvestments.com/en/pub/about/community/index.shtml.  Missing or empty |title= (help); External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mackenzie_Investments&oldid=742612115"					
Categories: Companies based in TorontoCompanies established in 1967Investment management companies of Canada1967 establishments in OntarioHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesCS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLWikipedia articles needing style editing from August 2009All articles needing style editingPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 4 October 2016, at 18:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











Richard C. W. Mauran - Founder at Mackenzie Financial Corp.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Richard C. W. Mauran
Founder at Mackenzie Financial Corp.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Richard C. W. Mauran
Founder at Mackenzie Financial Corp.



 Overview



Age



83
                                  (Born 1934)
                                              




Notable Companies


Mackenzie Financial Corp.

Foodcorp Pty Ltd.




Board Seats



4





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 234 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
November 4, 2015





                        Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2016 Results                    







 Relationships
              See Details




J. W. Nevil Thomas

President & Chief Executive Officer at NevCorp Sdn Bhd




George Dooley

Former President & Chief Executive Officer at Community Television Foundation of South Florida, Inc.





Stephen I. Chazen

Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at TPG Pace Energy Holdings Corp.




Jefferson F. Allen

Former Chief Executive Officer at Premcor, Inc.





Thomas D. O'Malley

Former Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at PBF Energy, Inc.




Andrew C. Pollock

Vice President-Marketing at Weight Watchers of British Columbia, Inc.





Edward F. Kosnik

Former General Partner at Buckeye Partners LP




Robert L. Friedman

Senior Advisor at The Blackstone Group LP





Eija Malmivirta

Former Executive Vice President, Head-Trading & Supply at Neste Oyj




James A. Long

Former Chief Financial Officer at Microbix Biosystems Inc.







See 224 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 224 More 


 


 Paths to Richard C. W. Mauran



            Richard C. W. Mauran          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Richard C. W. Mauran






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Richard C. W. Mauran.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Founder

                                    Prior                


Mackenzie Financial Corp.


                  Mackenzie Financial Corp. (MFC) manages portfolios using a combination of fundamental and technical analysis to evaluate asset bases and corporate structures, management quality and processes, net earnings and cash flows. They typically hold securities over a long period, but will liquidate a holding if there is a fundamental change in the valuation measures. MFC offers a wide range of investment strategies including Canadian and global growth and value strategies across all market-caps, a Canadian Bond strategy, a North American large-cap growth strategy, Canadian balanced large-cap, large-cap growth and all-cap value strategies, and Canadian and global resources strategies. The majority of their US and non-North American equity investments are run by outside money managers.                




Founder

                                    Prior                


Foodcorp Pty Ltd.


                  Foodcorp Pty Ltd. produces, markets, and distributes food. It has seven product divisions which includes Grocery Division, consists of a portfolio of recognized brands, Baking Division, operates bakeries and distributes its products in the country's provinces, Beverage Division, produces a maize-based drink, Milling Division, operates a flour mill and a maize mill, Pie Division, produces a range of meat pies, pastries and sausage rolls, and Fishing Division, operates in the pelagic, hake and lobster fishing sector. The company was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Bryanston, South Africa.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Independent Director

                    1992 - Prior                  


Elizabeth Arden, Inc.

                    Elizabeth Arden, Inc. manufactures and distributes prestige fragrances and related cosmetic products. It offers fragrance, makeup and skincare products. The company was founded by Elizabeth Arden in 1910 and is headquartered in Pembroke Pines, FL.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

                    U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. operates outpatient physical therapy clinics that provide preventative and post-operative care and treatment for orthopedic-related disorders, sports-related injuries, preventative care, rehabilitation of injured workers, and neurological-related injuries. The company was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Houston, TX.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Microbix Biosystems Inc.

                    Microbix Biosystems, Inc. manufactures viral and bacterial antigens and reagents for the global diagnostics industry. Its biological solutions include products for human health applications in the vaccine, therapeutic and diagnostic markets and a product for the worldwide animal reproduction market. Its pipeline of technologies and products include LumiSort, semen sexing technology for the livestock industries; Kinlytic, a thrombolytic drug for life-threatening blood clots; and VIRUSMAX, a proprietary technology for increasing virus yields in the manufacture of influenza vaccine. The company was founded by William J. Gastle in 1988 and is headquartered in Mississauga, Canada.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Premcor, Inc.

                    Premcor, Inc. refines and distributes fuel. It supplies unbranded transportation fuels, heating oil, petrochemical feedstock, petroleum coke and other petroleum products. The firm operates through subsidiary Premcor Refining Group which produces gasoline, diesel and aviation fuel. The company was incorporated in April 15, 2002 and is headquartered in Greenwich, CT.                  





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Richard C. W. Mauran is affiliated with
                            Mackenzie Financial Corp., Foodcorp Pty Ltd., Elizabeth Arden, Inc., U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc., Microbix Biosystems Inc., Premcor, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














mackenzie financial corp - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Mackenzie strategic income - Click here and get best info



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Mackenzie Strategic Income/​Save your time



Get Mackenzie strategic income here. Check it now.





All That You Need



Your Finances Up To Date




Straight Accounting



Difficult Finances





Mackenzie Financial - Now Mackenzie Financial Here.



Ad
 ·
Looksmart.com/​Mackenzie Financial



Now Mackenzie Financial Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com




Search Mackenzie Corp - Looking for Mackenzie Corp?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for Mackenzie Corp? All You Need is a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Learn More



Best Background Check



Best People Search
















Mackenzie Mountains




post-Rapitan, Late Proterozoic glaciation, Mackenzie Mountains, Northwest Territories. [Ottawa] Energy, Mines and Resources Canada. ISBN 0-660-13838-7 EXCELeration Corp. (2000). Benefits

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Mackenzie Investments - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Mackenzie_Financial_Corporation


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


IGM Financial - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/IGM_Financial


It merged with Mackenzie in 2001 to form IGM Financial. The company offers financial planning ... 100% of Mackenzie Financial Corporation and 97.82% of Investment ...


Power Corporation of Canada - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Power_Corporation_of_Canada


Power Corporation of Canada is a diversified international management and Canadian holding company. ... Mackenzie Financial and Putnam Investments.


'Dance Moms' star Mackenzie Ziegler is now 13 -- and ...

https://www.aol.com/article/entertainment/2017/06/07/dance-moms...


'Dance Moms' star Mackenzie Ziegler is ... sentenced to prison for financial ... the Abby Lee Dance Company LA's …


Peter Cundill - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Peter_Cundill


Routines and Orgies: The Life of Peter Cundill, Financial Genius, Philosopher, and Philanthropist, Christopher Risso-Gill, ... ^ MACKENZIE FINANCIAL CORPORATION ...


Detour Gold Corp news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/detour-gold-corp


All the latest news on Detour Gold Corp. Includes blogs, articles, opinion, Detour Gold Corp videos and more, on WOW.com


List of mutual-fund families in Canada - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/List_of_mutual_fund_companies_in_Canada


This is a list of mutual-fund families in Canada ranked by Canadian mutual fund assets under ... Mackenzie Financial Corporation: Cundill Funds, ... CI Financial Corp.


Automatic Data Processing - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/automatic-data-processing


All the latest news on Automatic Data Processing. Includes blogs, articles, opinion, Automatic Data Processing videos and more, on WOW.com


Frans van Houten news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/frans-van-houten


All the latest news on Frans van Houten. Includes blogs, articles, opinion, Frans van Houten videos and more, on WOW.com . ... Mackenzie Financial Corp ...


Richemont news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/richemont


All the latest news on Richemont. Includes blogs, articles, opinion, Richemont videos and more, on WOW.com . Home page. ... Mackenzie Financial Corp ...










Mackenzie strategic income - Click here and get best info



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Mackenzie Strategic Income/​Save your time



Get Mackenzie strategic income here. Check it now.





All That You Need



Your Finances Up To Date




Straight Accounting



Difficult Finances





Mackenzie Financial - Now Mackenzie Financial Here.



Ad
 ·
Looksmart.com/​Mackenzie Financial



Now Mackenzie Financial Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com




Search Mackenzie Corp - Looking for Mackenzie Corp?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for Mackenzie Corp? All You Need is a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Learn More



Best Background Check



Best People Search




Searches related tomackenzie financial corp



mackenzie financial canada


mackenzie financial corporation


mackenzie financial forms


mackenzie financial group



mackenzie investments toronto


mackenzie corporation


mackenzie financial services


mackenzie investments llc




12345Next

Related Searches



mackenzie financial canada


mackenzie financial corporation


mackenzie financial forms


mackenzie financial group


mackenzie investments toronto


mackenzie corporation


mackenzie financial services


mackenzie investments llc




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network













corp financial mackenzie - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Corporate Loans - In Business Over 1 Year With $100K?



Ad
 ·
LendingTree.com/​CorporateLoans



In Business Over 1 Year With $100K? Apply at LendingTree® Official Site


lendingtree.com is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(5,319 reviews)





Quick Decisions



Get Quotes Now




Business Loans



Small Business Loans





D&B® Credit Report



Ad
 ·
DNB.com/​Credit_Report



The Most Reliable Credit Reports, Business Insight & More - Only D&B.





D&B Hoovers™



100 Free Marketing Leads



About D&B®




Free Business Report



Manage Company Risk



D&B Acquires Avention®





Mackenzie Financial - Find Mackenzie Financial.



Ad
 ·
Looksmart.com/​Mackenzie Financial



Find Mackenzie Financial. Get More Results on the Look Smart!




Searches related tocorp financial mackenzie



mackenzie financial canada


mackenzie financial corporation


mackenzie financial forms


mackenzie financial group



mackenzie investments toronto


mackenzie corporation


mackenzie financial services


mackenzie investments llc




Web Results

Mackenzie Investments - Official Site

https://www.mackenzieinvestments.com


Mackenzie Investments is a leading investment management firm offering long-term solutions for investors and advisors, ... Mackenzie Financial Corporation ...



Contact Us



Tools & Calculators



Advisor Resources



Login to AdvisorAccess



Mackenzie Financial Corporation: Private Company ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Mackenzie Financial Corporation company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Mackenzie Investments - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mackenzie_Investments


Mackenzie Investments was founded in 1967 and is one ... network of third-party financial advisors. Mackenzie Investments is a member ... the Corporation ...


Contact Us | Mackenzie Investments

https://www.mackenzieinvestments.com/en/contact-us


Learn how to meet your financial goals with Mackenzie Investments’ online tools and calculators. Advisor Resources . ... Contact Us . We're here to help.


Mackenzie Financial Corp Acquires New Stake in Ingevity ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/20/mackenzie-financial...


Mackenzie Financial Corp bought a new position in shares of Ingevity Corp (NASDAQ:NGVT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure ...


Mackenzie Financial Corp Maintains Stake in ManTech ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/19/mackenzie-financial...


Mackenzie Financial Corp continued to hold its position in ManTech International Corporation (NASDAQ:MANT) during the first quarter, according to its most ...


Mackenzie Financial Corp Buys C.R. Bard Inc, Automatic ...

www.nasdaq.com/article/mackenzie-financial-corp-buys-cr-bard-inc...


Mackenzie Financial Corp initiated holdings in Automatic Data Processing Inc. The purchase prices were between $95.25 and $105.11, with an estimated ...


MACKENZIE FINANCIAL CORP Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com

www.nasdaq.com/.../mackenzie-financial-corp-11994


4:01PM ET - GlobeNewswire Ramaco Resources, Inc. to Release Second Quarter 2017 Earnings on August 14, 2017 and Host Conferen 4:01PM ET - GlobeNewswire ...


Contact | MacKenzie Corporation

www.mackenziecorp.com/contact


MacKenzie Corporation. 10 Mauchly Irvine, CA 92618. tel: 949-789-2960 fax: 949-789-0634


Mackenzie Financial Corp Increases Stake in Cardinal ...

https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/08/mackenzie-financial-corp...


Mackenzie Financial Corp boosted its stake in Cardinal Health, Inc. (NYSE:CAH) by 21.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with ...










Corporate Loans - In Business Over 1 Year With $100K?



Ad
 ·
LendingTree.com/​CorporateLoans



In Business Over 1 Year With $100K? Apply at LendingTree® Official Site


lendingtree.com is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(5,319 reviews)





Quick Decisions



Get Quotes Now




Business Loans



Small Business Loans





D&B® Credit Report



Ad
 ·
DNB.com/​Credit_Report



The Most Reliable Credit Reports, Business Insight & More - Only D&B.





D&B Hoovers™



100 Free Marketing Leads



About D&B®




Free Business Report



Manage Company Risk



D&B Acquires Avention®





Mackenzie Financial - Find Mackenzie Financial.



Ad
 ·
Looksmart.com/​Mackenzie Financial



Find Mackenzie Financial. Get More Results on the Look Smart!



Searches related tocorp financial mackenzie



mackenzie financial canada


mackenzie financial corporation


mackenzie financial forms


mackenzie financial group



mackenzie investments toronto


mackenzie corporation


mackenzie financial services


mackenzie investments llc




12345Next






Answers







Mackenzie Mountains



post-Rapitan, Late Proterozoic glaciation, Mackenzie Mountains, Northwest Territories. [Ottawa] Energy, Mines and Resources Canada. ISBN 0-660-13838-7...

more






First Franklin Financial Corp.



First Franklin Financial Corp. was a home mortgage lender that specialized in subprime loans. It had been owned by two of the biggest casualties of the...

more






Mackenzie Investments



services for retail and institutional clients. With $64.4 billion in assets under management, Mackenzie Investments distributes its services through a...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














mackenzie financial - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Mackenzie Financial - Results on Looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Mackenzie Financial



Now Mackenzie Financial Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com




Mackenzie strategic income - Click here and get best info



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Mackenzie Strategic Income/​Save your time



Get Mackenzie strategic income here. Check it now.





All That You Need



Your Finances Up To Date




Straight Accounting



Difficult Finances





Searches related tomackenzie financial



mackenzie financial corp


mackenzie financial calculator


mackenzie financial services


mackenzieltd free shipping



mackenzie financial group


mackenzie financial corporation


mackenzie financial forms


mackenzie financial toronto ontario




Web Results

Mackenzie Investments - Official Site

https://www.mackenzieinvestments.com


Mackenzie Investments is a leading investment management firm offering long-term solutions for investors and advisors, including RSP, RRSP, RDSP, Mutual Funds, and ...



Contact Us



Tools & Calculators



Advisor Resources



Login to AdvisorAccess



Mackenzie Investments - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mackenzie_Investments


Mackenzie Investments was founded in 1967 and is one of Canada’s largest investment management firms by assets under management. Mackenzie Investments provides ...


Mackenzie Financial Corp Buys C.R. Bard Inc, Automatic ...

www.nasdaq.com/article/mackenzie-financial-corp-buys-cr-bard-inc...


Mackenzie Financial Corp initiated holdings in Automatic Data Processing Inc. The purchase prices were between $95.25 and $105.11, with an estimated ...


Mackenzie Financial Corporation: Private Company ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Mackenzie Financial Corporation company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Mackenzie Financial Corp Buys 48,198 Shares of Cardinal ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/mackenzie-financial...


Mackenzie Financial Corp increased its position in Cardinal Health, Inc. (NYSE:CAH) by 21.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F ...


Mackenzie Financial Corp Maintains Stake in ManTech ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/19/mackenzie-financial...


Mackenzie Financial Corp continued to hold its position in ManTech International Corporation (NASDAQ:MANT) during the first quarter, according to its most ...


Mackenzie Investments | Career Opportunities

https://careersen-mackenziefinancial.icims.com


At Mackenzie Investments, we value innovation, leadership and personal commitment.


Mackenzie Financial Corp Has $488,000 Position in Netflix ...

https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/28/mackenzie-financial-corp...


Mackenzie Financial Corp increased its stake in shares of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) by 1.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.


Mackenzie Investments Salaries | Glassdoor.ca

https://www.glassdoor.ca/Salary/Mackenzie-Investments-Salaries-E...


A free inside look at Mackenzie Investments salary trends. 88 salaries for 60 jobs at Mackenzie Investments. Salaries posted anonymously by Mackenzie Investments ...










Mackenzie Financial - Results on Looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Mackenzie Financial



Now Mackenzie Financial Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com




Mackenzie strategic income - Click here and get best info



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Mackenzie Strategic Income/​Save your time



Get Mackenzie strategic income here. Check it now.





All That You Need



Your Finances Up To Date




Straight Accounting



Difficult Finances




Searches related tomackenzie financial



mackenzie financial corp


mackenzie financial calculator


mackenzie financial services


mackenzieltd free shipping



mackenzie financial group


mackenzie financial corporation


mackenzie financial forms


mackenzie financial toronto ontario




12345Next






Answers







IGM Financial



of Canada. Its activities are carried out principally by Investors Group, through a network of approximately 5,300 Consultants, by Mackenzie Financial...

more






Mackenzie Investments



services for retail and institutional clients. With $64.4 billion in assets under management, Mackenzie Investments distributes its services through a...

more






List of mutual-fund families in Canada



total (CAD 000's) AUM sub-total (CAD 000's) IGM Financial Inc. 108,178,800 Investors Group Inc. Investors Masterseries Funds 61,180,000 Mackenzie...

more










News Results






Greyson Mackenzie Barner



The Express - Lock Haven PA Sports

 - Jul 20


Baby boy, Greyson Mackenzie Barner, left footprints in our hearts on Monday, July 10, 2017, at UPMC Susquehanna, Williamsport. He is survived by his...

more





Trio guilty of shooting in Mackenzie



Prince George Citizen Front page

 - Jul 21


A B.C. Supreme Court Justice found three people guilty Friday of participating in a shooting of a Mackenzie man and torching a stolen pickup truck....

more





Mackenzie Minute: July 21, 2017



Mackenzie Financial Corp News...

 - Jul 21


RICHARD WONG: We believe in the first half of this year, many market participants have made three errors in judgment about the markets. The first error...

more


















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














mackenzie financial - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Mackenzie Financial - Results on Looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Mackenzie Financial



Now Mackenzie Financial Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com




Mackenzie strategic income - Click here and get best info



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Mackenzie Strategic Income/​Save your time



Get Mackenzie strategic income here. Check it now.





All That You Need



Your Finances Up To Date




Straight Accounting



Difficult Finances





Searches related tomackenzie financial



mackenzie financial corp


mackenzie financial calculator


mackenzie financial services


mackenzieltd free shipping



mackenzie financial group


mackenzie financial corporation


mackenzie financial forms


mackenzie financial toronto ontario




Web Results

Mackenzie Investments - Official Site

https://www.mackenzieinvestments.com


Mackenzie Investments is a leading investment management firm offering long-term solutions for investors and advisors, including RSP, RRSP, RDSP, Mutual Funds, and ...



Contact Us



Tools & Calculators



Advisor Resources



Login to AdvisorAccess



Mackenzie Investments - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mackenzie_Investments


Mackenzie Investments was founded in 1967 and is one of Canada’s largest investment management firms by assets under management. Mackenzie Investments provides ...


Mackenzie Financial Corp Buys C.R. Bard Inc, Automatic ...

www.nasdaq.com/article/mackenzie-financial-corp-buys-cr-bard-inc...


Mackenzie Financial Corp initiated holdings in Automatic Data Processing Inc. The purchase prices were between $95.25 and $105.11, with an estimated ...


Mackenzie Financial Corporation: Private Company ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Mackenzie Financial Corporation company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Mackenzie Financial Corp Buys 48,198 Shares of Cardinal ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/mackenzie-financial...


Mackenzie Financial Corp increased its position in Cardinal Health, Inc. (NYSE:CAH) by 21.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F ...


Mackenzie Financial Corp Maintains Stake in ManTech ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/19/mackenzie-financial...


Mackenzie Financial Corp continued to hold its position in ManTech International Corporation (NASDAQ:MANT) during the first quarter, according to its most ...


Mackenzie Investments | Career Opportunities

https://careersen-mackenziefinancial.icims.com


At Mackenzie Investments, we value innovation, leadership and personal commitment.


Mackenzie Financial Corp Has $488,000 Position in Netflix ...

https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/28/mackenzie-financial-corp...


Mackenzie Financial Corp increased its stake in shares of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) by 1.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.


Mackenzie Investments Salaries | Glassdoor.ca

https://www.glassdoor.ca/Salary/Mackenzie-Investments-Salaries-E...


A free inside look at Mackenzie Investments salary trends. 88 salaries for 60 jobs at Mackenzie Investments. Salaries posted anonymously by Mackenzie Investments ...










Mackenzie Financial - Results on Looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Mackenzie Financial



Now Mackenzie Financial Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com




Mackenzie strategic income - Click here and get best info



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Mackenzie Strategic Income/​Save your time



Get Mackenzie strategic income here. Check it now.





All That You Need



Your Finances Up To Date




Straight Accounting



Difficult Finances




Searches related tomackenzie financial



mackenzie financial corp


mackenzie financial calculator


mackenzie financial services


mackenzieltd free shipping



mackenzie financial group


mackenzie financial corporation


mackenzie financial forms


mackenzie financial toronto ontario




12345Next






Answers







IGM Financial



of Canada. Its activities are carried out principally by Investors Group, through a network of approximately 5,300 Consultants, by Mackenzie Financial...

more






Mackenzie Investments



services for retail and institutional clients. With $64.4 billion in assets under management, Mackenzie Investments distributes its services through a...

more






List of mutual-fund families in Canada



total (CAD 000's) AUM sub-total (CAD 000's) IGM Financial Inc. 108,178,800 Investors Group Inc. Investors Masterseries Funds 61,180,000 Mackenzie...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














mackenzie financial - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Mackenzie Financial - Results on Looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Mackenzie Financial



Now Mackenzie Financial Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com




Searches related tomackenzie financial



mackenzie financial corp


mackenzie financial calculator


mackenzie financial services


mackenzieltd free shipping



mackenzie financial group


mackenzie financial corporation


mackenzie financial forms


mackenzie financial toronto ontario




Web Results

Mackenzie Investments - Official Site

https://www.mackenzieinvestments.com


Mackenzie Investments is a leading investment management firm offering long-term solutions for investors and advisors, including RSP, RRSP, RDSP, Mutual Funds, and ...



Contact Us



Tools & Calculators



Advisor Resources



Login to AdvisorAccess



Mackenzie Investments - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mackenzie_Investments


Mackenzie Investments was founded in 1967 and is one of Canada’s largest investment management firms by assets under management. Mackenzie Investments provides ...


Mackenzie Financial Corp Buys C.R. Bard Inc, Automatic ...

www.nasdaq.com/article/mackenzie-financial-corp-buys-cr-bard-inc...


Mackenzie Financial Corp initiated holdings in Automatic Data Processing Inc. The purchase prices were between $95.25 and $105.11, with an estimated ...


Mackenzie Financial Corporation: Private Company ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Mackenzie Financial Corporation company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Mackenzie Financial Corp Buys 48,198 Shares of Cardinal ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/mackenzie-financial...


Mackenzie Financial Corp increased its position in Cardinal Health, Inc. (NYSE:CAH) by 21.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F ...


Mackenzie Financial Corp Maintains Stake in ManTech ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/19/mackenzie-financial...


Mackenzie Financial Corp continued to hold its position in ManTech International Corporation (NASDAQ:MANT) during the first quarter, according to its most ...


Mackenzie Investments | Career Opportunities

https://careersen-mackenziefinancial.icims.com


At Mackenzie Investments, we value innovation, leadership and personal commitment.


Mackenzie Financial Corp Has $488,000 Position in Netflix ...

https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/28/mackenzie-financial-corp...


Mackenzie Financial Corp increased its stake in shares of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) by 1.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.


Mackenzie Investments Salaries | Glassdoor.ca

https://www.glassdoor.ca/Salary/Mackenzie-Investments-Salaries-E...


A free inside look at Mackenzie Investments salary trends. 88 salaries for 60 jobs at Mackenzie Investments. Salaries posted anonymously by Mackenzie Investments ...










Mackenzie Financial - Results on Looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Mackenzie Financial



Now Mackenzie Financial Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com



Searches related tomackenzie financial



mackenzie financial corp


mackenzie financial calculator


mackenzie financial services


mackenzieltd free shipping



mackenzie financial group


mackenzie financial corporation


mackenzie financial forms


mackenzie financial toronto ontario




12345Next






Answers







IGM Financial



of Canada. Its activities are carried out principally by Investors Group, through a network of approximately 5,300 Consultants, by Mackenzie Financial...

more






Mackenzie Investments



services for retail and institutional clients. With $64.4 billion in assets under management, Mackenzie Investments distributes its services through a...

more






List of mutual-fund families in Canada



total (CAD 000's) AUM sub-total (CAD 000's) IGM Financial Inc. 108,178,800 Investors Group Inc. Investors Masterseries Funds 61,180,000 Mackenzie...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














mackenzie financial - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Mackenzie Financial - Results on Looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Mackenzie Financial



Now Mackenzie Financial Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com




Searches related tomackenzie financial



mackenzie financial corp


mackenzie financial calculator


mackenzie financial services


mackenzieltd free shipping



mackenzie financial group


mackenzie financial corporation


mackenzie financial forms


mackenzie financial toronto ontario




Web Results

Mackenzie Investments - Official Site

https://www.mackenzieinvestments.com


Mackenzie Investments is a leading investment management firm offering long-term solutions for investors and advisors, including RSP, RRSP, RDSP, Mutual Funds, and ...



Contact Us



Tools & Calculators



Advisor Resources



Login to AdvisorAccess



Mackenzie Investments - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mackenzie_Investments


Mackenzie Investments was founded in 1967 and is one of Canada’s largest investment management firms by assets under management. Mackenzie Investments provides ...


Mackenzie Financial Corp Buys C.R. Bard Inc, Automatic ...

www.nasdaq.com/article/mackenzie-financial-corp-buys-cr-bard-inc...


Mackenzie Financial Corp initiated holdings in Automatic Data Processing Inc. The purchase prices were between $95.25 and $105.11, with an estimated ...


Mackenzie Financial Corporation: Private Company ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Mackenzie Financial Corporation company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Mackenzie Financial Corp Buys 48,198 Shares of Cardinal ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/mackenzie-financial...


Mackenzie Financial Corp increased its position in Cardinal Health, Inc. (NYSE:CAH) by 21.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F ...


Mackenzie Financial Corp Maintains Stake in ManTech ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/19/mackenzie-financial...


Mackenzie Financial Corp continued to hold its position in ManTech International Corporation (NASDAQ:MANT) during the first quarter, according to its most ...


Mackenzie Investments | Career Opportunities

https://careersen-mackenziefinancial.icims.com


At Mackenzie Investments, we value innovation, leadership and personal commitment.


Mackenzie Financial Corp Has $488,000 Position in Netflix ...

https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/28/mackenzie-financial-corp...


Mackenzie Financial Corp increased its stake in shares of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) by 1.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.


Mackenzie Investments Salaries | Glassdoor.ca

https://www.glassdoor.ca/Salary/Mackenzie-Investments-Salaries-E...


A free inside look at Mackenzie Investments salary trends. 88 salaries for 60 jobs at Mackenzie Investments. Salaries posted anonymously by Mackenzie Investments ...










Mackenzie Financial - Results on Looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Mackenzie Financial



Now Mackenzie Financial Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com



Searches related tomackenzie financial



mackenzie financial corp


mackenzie financial calculator


mackenzie financial services


mackenzieltd free shipping



mackenzie financial group


mackenzie financial corporation


mackenzie financial forms


mackenzie financial toronto ontario




12345Next






Answers







IGM Financial



of Canada. Its activities are carried out principally by Investors Group, through a network of approximately 5,300 Consultants, by Mackenzie Financial...

more






Mackenzie Investments



services for retail and institutional clients. With $64.4 billion in assets under management, Mackenzie Investments distributes its services through a...

more






List of mutual-fund families in Canada



total (CAD 000's) AUM sub-total (CAD 000's) IGM Financial Inc. 108,178,800 Investors Group Inc. Investors Masterseries Funds 61,180,000 Mackenzie...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














mackenzie financial - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Mackenzie Financial - Results on Looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Mackenzie Financial



Now Mackenzie Financial Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com




Searches related tomackenzie financial



mackenzie financial corp


mackenzie financial calculator


mackenzie financial services


mackenzieltd free shipping



mackenzie financial group


mackenzie financial corporation


mackenzie financial forms


mackenzie financial toronto ontario




Web Results

Mackenzie Investments - Official Site

https://www.mackenzieinvestments.com


Mackenzie Investments is a leading investment management firm offering long-term solutions for investors and advisors, including RSP, RRSP, RDSP, Mutual Funds, and ...



Contact Us



Tools & Calculators



Advisor Resources



Login to AdvisorAccess



Mackenzie Investments - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mackenzie_Investments


Mackenzie Investments was founded in 1967 and is one of Canada’s largest investment management firms by assets under management. Mackenzie Investments provides ...


Mackenzie Financial Corp Buys C.R. Bard Inc, Automatic ...

www.nasdaq.com/article/mackenzie-financial-corp-buys-cr-bard-inc...


Mackenzie Financial Corp initiated holdings in Automatic Data Processing Inc. The purchase prices were between $95.25 and $105.11, with an estimated ...


Mackenzie Financial Corporation: Private Company ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Mackenzie Financial Corporation company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Mackenzie Financial Corp Buys 48,198 Shares of Cardinal ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/mackenzie-financial...


Mackenzie Financial Corp increased its position in Cardinal Health, Inc. (NYSE:CAH) by 21.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F ...


Mackenzie Financial Corp Maintains Stake in ManTech ...

https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/19/mackenzie-financial...


Mackenzie Financial Corp continued to hold its position in ManTech International Corporation (NASDAQ:MANT) during the first quarter, according to its most ...


Mackenzie Investments | Career Opportunities

https://careersen-mackenziefinancial.icims.com


At Mackenzie Investments, we value innovation, leadership and personal commitment.


Mackenzie Financial Corp Has $488,000 Position in Netflix ...

https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/28/mackenzie-financial-corp...


Mackenzie Financial Corp increased its stake in shares of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) by 1.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC.


Mackenzie Investments Salaries | Glassdoor.ca

https://www.glassdoor.ca/Salary/Mackenzie-Investments-Salaries-E...


A free inside look at Mackenzie Investments salary trends. 88 salaries for 60 jobs at Mackenzie Investments. Salaries posted anonymously by Mackenzie Investments ...










Mackenzie Financial - Results on Looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Mackenzie Financial



Now Mackenzie Financial Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com



Searches related tomackenzie financial



mackenzie financial corp


mackenzie financial calculator


mackenzie financial services


mackenzieltd free shipping



mackenzie financial group


mackenzie financial corporation


mackenzie financial forms


mackenzie financial toronto ontario




12345Next






Answers







IGM Financial



of Canada. Its activities are carried out principally by Investors Group, through a network of approximately 5,300 Consultants, by Mackenzie Financial...

more






Mackenzie Investments



services for retail and institutional clients. With $64.4 billion in assets under management, Mackenzie Investments distributes its services through a...

more






List of mutual-fund families in Canada



total (CAD 000's) AUM sub-total (CAD 000's) IGM Financial Inc. 108,178,800 Investors Group Inc. Investors Masterseries Funds 61,180,000 Mackenzie...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








