


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Short-Term Bond Fund (PRWBX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Short-Term Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRWBX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$4.72
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								1.18%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$4.70
							
							-
							
								$4.75
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$4,953.49

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Short-Term Bond Fund among 
450,
450,
376
and 
261
Short-Term Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks a high level of income consistent with minimal fluctuation in principal value and liquidity.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/25/2017)
								
							



						
						
							1.77%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.53%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.53%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					1.04%
				
			

				
					1.04%
				
			


3 Years

				
					0.96%
				
			

				
					0.96%
				
			


5 Years

				
					1.06%
				
			

				
					1.06%
				
			


10 Years

				
					2.50%
				
			

				
					2.50%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 5.04%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							5.04%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							March 2, 1984
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.47%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.47%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Tue Jul 25 23:14:00 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












MACKAY MUNICIPAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MACKAY MUNICIPAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND LP
                    

•   PRINCETON, NJ
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Mackay Municipal Opportunities Fund is based out of Princeton.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2017-01-06. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  other investment fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 9



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MACKAY MUNICIPAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




mackay municipal opportunities fund lp


100 VILLAGE BLVD

PRINCETON
NJ
                                                        
                                                    08540


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      609-750-8361







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 01/06/2017
D/A filed on 01/08/2016
D/A filed on 01/09/2015
D/A filed on 06/18/2014
D/A filed on 01/09/2014
D/A filed on 01/10/2013
D/A filed on 01/11/2012
D/A filed on 01/11/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2017-01-06
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
1,841,485,202
INDEFINITE


2016-01-08
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
1,047,832,404
INDEFINITE


2015-01-09
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
836,413,408
INDEFINITE


2014-06-18
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
522,915,754
INDEFINITE


2014-01-09
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
348,458,753
INDEFINITE


2013-01-10
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
111,006,823
INDEFINITE


2012-01-11
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
14,404,712
INDEFINITE


2011-01-11
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
58,250,000
INDEFINITE


2010-01-12
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
31,300,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




(NONE)   MACKAY MUNICIPAL MANAGERS OPPORTUNITIES GP LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



(NONE)   MACKAY SHIELDS LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



BRIAN D.  STEWART

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JOHN M.  LOFFREDO

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



MACKAY MUNICIPAL MANAGERS OPPORTUNITIES, GP LLC   N/A

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



MACKAY SHIELDS LLC   N/A

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



MACKAY SHIELDS, LLC   N/A

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



N/A   MACKAY MUNICIPAL MANAGERS OPPORTUNITIES GP LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   MACKAY SHIELDS LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



ROBERT A.  DIMELLA

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free
























 | Terms and Conditions






































Follow Us



About Us
Contact Us






Website: Terms of Use


It is important that you read this page.  MacKay Shields LLC and MacKay Shields UK LLP (as appropriate and collectively, 
	'MacKay Shields), takes its legal and fiduciary responsibilities very seriously.  
	The use of www.mackayshields.com (this 'Website') is subject to the following 
	terms and conditions (the 'Terms').  After you have read and understood these 
	Terms, you may click 'I Agree' to confirm that you agree to the Terms which create a 
	binding legal agreement between us.If you do not agree with these Terms, you must refrain from using this Website.
In these Terms, references to 'you' and 'your' are references to any person using or accessing (or attempting to use or 
	access) this Website.

	For Users in the European Economic Area (EEA): This Website and the information 
	on it is communicated by MacKay Shields, including MacKay Shields UK LLP, which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom 
	by the Financial Conduct Authority ('FCA').  It is neither directed at or made available to Retail Clients, 
	nor is it directed at users resident in Italy.
	
	This Website (and the information on it) is directed only at persons who are (i) Professional Investors for the purposes of 
	the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (Directive 2011/61/EU) (known as 'AIFMD'); 
	Professional Clients or Eligible Counterparties for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC) 
	(known as 'MiFID'); or as otherwise defined under applicable local regulations and at whom this 
	Website (and any information on it) may lawfully be directed in any relevant jurisdiction.  The definition of Professional Investor as set out
	in AIFMD can be found here and the definitions of Professional Client and Eligible 
	Counterparty as set out in MiFID can be found here.  Please contact us if you require 
	any further information on your status.
	
By accepting these Terms, you hereby certify that you are a Professional Investor, Professional Client or an Eligible Counterparty.


About this Website and MacKay Shields
This Website is owned, maintained, operated and communicated by MacKay Shields:
MacKay Shields LLC, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10105. MacKay Shields LLC is an investment 
	adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
MacKay Shields UK LLP, 140 Aldersgate Street, London, EC1A 4HY, United Kingdom. MacKay Shields UK LLP is entered in 
	the FCA Financial Services register (firm reference number: 594166), access to which can be found 
	here.
Marketing Restrictions
The distribution of the information on this Website may be restricted by law in certain countries.  This Website, and the information and documentation 
	on it, are not addressed to any person resident in the territory of any country or jurisdiction where such distribution would be contrary to local law 
	or regulation.  The Funds (as defined below) are not available, and offering materials relating to them will not be distributed, to any person resident in 
	any country where such distribution would be contrary to local law or regulation.  MacKay Shields and its affiliates disclaim all responsibility if you 
	access or download any information from this Website in breach of any law or regulation in the country of which you are a citizen or in which you are residing 
	or domiciled.
MacKay Shields and its affiliates disclaim all responsibility if you access or download any information from this Website in breach of any law or 
	regulation in the country of which you are a citizen or in which you are residing or domiciled.  If your country of residence or domicile changes, you must
	access this Website selecting your new country of residence.
No Advice
The information on this Website is provided for information only and does not constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice or a 
	recommendation to buy, sell or otherwise transact in any investment including the Funds.
The information on this Website is provided solely on the basis that you will make your own investment decisions and MacKay Shields has not taken any 
	account of your particular investment objectives or financial situation in preparing the information on this Website.  In addition, nothing in this Website 
	shall, or is intended to, constitute financial, legal, accounting or tax advice.  We strongly recommend that you seek professional investment advice before 
	making any investment decision.  Any investment decision that you make should be based on an assessment of the risks in consultation with your 
	investment adviser.
Alternative Investment Funds and Non-Registered Funds
MacKay Shields and its subsidiaries sponsor, promote, manage or advise a number of funds which (i) have not been registered for public distribution and 
	marketing in the United States or in any other country (the 'Non-Registered Funds'); and (ii) alternative 
	investment funds ('AIFs') (Non-Registered Funds and AIFs, together the 'Funds'). 
	No regulator has determined that such Funds are suitable for any or all investors.
Information regarding the Funds is not directed at any person in any jurisdiction where it is illegal or unlawful to access and use such information.  Any
	information contained in this Website with respect to the Funds is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an invitation, offer or solicitation 
	to engage in any investment activity including to buy or sell any investment including any units in any Fund.
Any investment involves substantial risks.  The offering documents for each Fund contain risk warnings which are specific to the relevant Fund and which you 
	should consider carefully before taking any decision to invest.
The terms of any investment in a Fund are governed by the documents establishing such terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between the information on this 
	Website and the terms specified in, or established pursuant to, the documents establishing the terms of issue or contract, the terms so specified or determined shall 
	prevail.  An application for interests in any of the Funds should only be made having fully and carefully read the relevant prospectus, the latest financial reports 
	and other offering documents for the relevant Fund.
MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its or their directors, officers, employees or agents may have holdings in the Funds and/or underlying investments of the 
	Funds and may otherwise be interested in transactions in those Funds.  Further details about the policies that MacKay Shields has adopted in order to avoid or to 
	manage such conflicts in a way that ensures fair treatment for MacKay Shields’ clients are available from MacKay Shields on request.
The information within this Website pertaining to any Funds that are not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is available only to U.S. 
	persons who are 'Accredited Investors' as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 as amended (the 'Securities Act') that have a 
	pre-existing relationship with MacKay Shields.
	Securities in the United States and Canada distributed by NYLIFE Distributors LLC. 30 Hudson Street, Jersey City, NJ  07302.

	For Users in Canada: The information on this web site is not an offer to sell securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction of Canada.  In Canada, any offer or sale of securities or the provision of any advisory or investment fund manager services will be made only in accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws.  More specifically, any offer or sale of securities will be made in accordance with applicable exemptions to dealer and investment fund manager registration requirements, as well as under an exemption from the requirement to file a prospectus, and any advice given on securities will be made in reliance on applicable exemptions to adviser registration requirements. Where required, MacKay Shields LLC is relying on the “international adviser exemption” under National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations (“NI 31-103”), MacKay Shields LLC and MacKay Shields UK LLP are each relying on the “permitted client” exemption from the investment fund manager registration requirements under Multilateral Instrument 32-102 Registration Exemptions for Non-Resident Investment Fund Managers, and NYLIFE Distributors LLC, an affiliated broker-dealer, is registered as an “exempt market dealer” under applicable securities legislation and is relying on the “international dealer exemption” under NI 31-103.
	
Information on this Website
MacKay Shields has taken reasonable care to ensure that the information contained on this Website is accurate, current, complete, fit for its intended purpose 
	and compliant with applicable law and regulation as at the date of issue.  However, errors or omissions may occur due to circumstances beyond MacKay Shields’ 
	control and no warranty is given, or representation made, regarding the accuracy, validity or completeness of the information on this Website and no liability 
	is accepted by such persons for the accuracy or completeness of such information.  You must conduct your own due diligence and investigations rather than relying 
	on any of the information in this Website.  Any person who acts upon, or changes his or her investment position in reliance on, the information contained on this 
	Website does so entirely at his or her own risk.
Information posted on this Website is current only as at the date it is posted and may no longer be true or complete when viewed by you.  MacKay Shields cannot 
	guarantee that content will be accurate, complete and current at all times.  To the extent that any information on this Website relates to a third party, such 
	information has been provided by that third party and is the sole responsibility of such third party and MacKay Shields accepts no liability for such information.  
	All content on the Website is subject to modification from time to time without notice.  Please contact MacKay Shields (using the details here) for 
	further information regarding the validity of any information contained on this Website.
To the extent that this Website contains any expression of opinion or forecast, such opinion or forecast is based on sources believed by MacKay Shields 
	to be reliable, but is not guaranteed or warranted as to its current validity, accuracy or completeness.  Opinions expressed represent the opinions of MacKay Shields
	at the date of publication only, reflecting prevailing market conditions and certain assumptions (which may not prove to be valid), are subject to change and should 
	not be relied on by users of the Website.
Linked Websites
Links to websites operated by third parties are provided for information only and do not constitute any form of advice, endorsement or recommendation of such 
	websites or the material on them.  MacKay Shields accepts no responsibility for information contained on any other sites which can be accessed by hypertext link 
	from this Website or for these sites not being available at all times.  MacKay Shields has not reviewed, and will not review or update, such websites or information 
	and any use that you make of such websites and information is at your own risk.  Please note that when you click on any external site hypertext link you will leave 
	this Website.
Liability
No warranty is given that the contents of this Website are compatible with all computer systems or browsers or that this Website shall be available on an 
	uninterrupted basis.  MacKay Shields does not accept any liability for any damages or losses arising from changes or alterations made to this Website by 
	unauthorised third parties.
The internet is not a completely reliable transmission medium and neither MacKay Shields nor any of its affiliates accept any liability for any data 
	transmission errors such as data loss or damage or alteration of any kind or for the security or confidentiality of information transmitted across the internet
	to or from MacKay Shields or any of its affiliates.  Any such transmission of information is entirely at your own risk and any material downloaded from this 
	Website is downloaded at your own risk.
The information on this Website is provided 'as is'.  To the extent permitted by law, MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its and their directors, officers, 
	employees and agents expressly exclude all conditions, warranties, representations and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or 
	the law of equity.  MacKay Shields and its affiliates will only be liable to you in respect of any direct losses arising from your use of, or inability to use, 
	this Website in the event of MacKay Shields' negligence, wilful default or fraud.  In no event will MacKay Shields or any of its affiliates be liable to any 
	person for any indirect, special or consequential damages arising out of any use of, or inability to use, this Website or the information contained on it or on
	any other hyper-linked site including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or data on your equipment or otherwise, even 
	if MacKay Shields is expressly advised of the possibility or likelihood of such damages.  This does not affect MacKay Shields' liability for any loss or damage 
	which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude or restrict any duty or liability that MacKay Shields has to its clients under the 'regulatory system' in the 
	United Kingdom (as such term is defined in the FCA Rules), under applicable local regulatory rules or which may not be excluded or restricted as a matter of 
	applicable law.
Access
MacKay Shields reserves the right to suspend or withdraw access to any page(s) included on this Website without notice at any time and accepts no liability if, 
	for any reason, these pages are unavailable at any time or for any period.
Compliance with Law and Regulation
When using this Website you must comply with all applicable local, national and international laws including those related to data privacy, international 
	communications and exportation of technical or personal data.  It may be illegal to download the information contained on this Website in certain countries and 
	MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its and their directors, officers, employees and agents disclaim all responsibility if you download any information from this 
	Website in breach of any law or regulation of the country in which you reside.
Intellectual Property
The entire contents of this Website are subject to copyright with all rights reserved.  You may download or print individual sections of this Website for your 
	personal use without the prior written permission of MacKay Shields, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices; such permission shall be 
	deemed granted where this Website expressly permits for sharing on specifically designated social media platforms.  You may not reproduce (in whole or in part), transmit 
	(by electronic means or otherwise), modify, link into or use for any public or commercial purpose this Website without the prior written permission of
	MacKay Shields.  You must not transmit any virus, 'worm', 'Trojan horse', or other item of a destructive nature to this Website and it is your responsibility to 
	ensure that whatever you download or select for your use from this Website is free from such items.
Nothing on this Website should be construed as granting any licence or right in relation to any of our trademarks or those of our affiliated companies. All 
	trademarks, service marks, company names or logos are the property of their respective holders. The display of any trade names or trademarks on the Website
	does not imply that any licence has been granted to any third party in respect of the same.  Any use by you of these marks, names and/or logos may constitute an 
	infringement of the holders' rights.
The Internet
Please note that there is no guarantee that any e-mail sent by you will be received by us, or that the contents of any such e-mail will remain private
	during internet transmission.  Any information is sent at your own personal risk.
Data Protection
By using this Website, you are disclosing to MacKay Shields your country of residence and for EEA users, status as Professional Investor, Professional Client or Eligible 
	Counterparty.  MacKay Shields may also record your email address where you access factsheets relating to the performance of the Funds, and the IP address of 
	the device you use to access this Website.
MacKay Shields promises to treat personal information you disclose securely, fairly and lawfully and will only use that information: (i) to support your 
	interaction with MacKay Shields, including to ensure that the content of this Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device; and 
	(ii) for general internal research purposes, including to identify and analyse the nature of users of this Website.  In connection with the purposes above, 
	MacKay Shields may transfer your information to, and process your information in, countries in which the data protection laws may not offer an equivalent 
	level of protection for your personal information to the European Union.

Cookies
A 'cookie' is a small text file which is stored on your device when you visit a website.  Some cookies are deleted when you close down your browser.  These 
	are known as session cookies.  Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete them from your cache.  These are known as persistent cookies.
MacKay Shields uses persistent cookies to generate data on this Website's performance and analyse your use of this Website, including that you are a repeat 
	visitor to this Website and information about surveys you have completed and notifications you have seen and acknowledged.  MacKay Shields uses session cookies 
	to record your location and IP address, monitor the length of your browsing session and the pages you visit and monitor your response to surveys and 
	notifications MacKay Shields presents to you.
By using this Website, you agree that MacKay Shields can place the types of cookie described above on your device.  If you delete cookies relating to 
	this Website, MacKay Shields will not remember things about you, you will be treated as a first-time visitor the next time you visit this Website and MacKay
	Shields will not be able to tailor your experience of this Website.
Amendment
MacKay Shields may delete or make changes to these Terms and to the information contained on this Website at any time.  Where we make any changes to these 
	Terms, you will be required to accept such changes in order to continue to use the Website.  If you do not accept such revised Terms, you may no longer be able 
	to access this Website.
If any provision of these Terms is found by any court or authority of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or invalid under the laws of any 
	jurisdiction, the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of these Terms in that jurisdiction shall not be affected and the legality, validity 
	and enforceability of the whole of these Terms in any other jurisdiction shall not be affected.
Third Parties
For EEA Users: MacKay Shields and its affiliates shall have the benefit of the rights conferred on them by these Terms
	but otherwise no person who is not a party to these Terms may enforce its terms under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
Applicable Law & Jurisdiction
For U.S. Users: Your use and access of this Website shall be governed by New York law, without giving effect to its 
	conflict of law principles. You hereby agree that any legal action arising out of or relating to this Website shall be brought only in the federal or state 
	courts in the State of New York. You hereby agree that jurisdiction and venue are proper in such courts.
For EEA Users: This Website and its terms and conditions are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with 
	English law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Contact Us
If you have any enquiries in relation to this Website or the information on it, please contact MacKay Shields at 
	answers@mackayshields.com or by calling +1-212-230-3805.





I Agree✓


Decline✗

 




New York Life Insurance Company
New York Life Investment Management
MainStay Investments


© MacKay Shields 2017
An affiliate of New York Life Investment Management Holdings LLC
Terms of Use
Contact Us















 | About Us



















 



















Follow Us



About Us
Contact Us









Leadership TeamOur HistorySocially Responsible Investing PolicyIn the CommunityContact Us 




ABOUT MACKAY SHIELDS


Building on our mission of managing income-oriented strategies designed to help our clients’ better meet their investment objectives, MacKay Shields has established a reputation over 40 years as a trusted and respected investment manager.
Today we offer a broad range of fixed income related strategies and solutions for a wide array of global clients including pension funds, government and financial institutions, family offices, high net worth individuals, endowments and foundations, and retail clients. Our investment strategies embrace extensive credit research conducted by investment teams comprised of over 50 investment professionals.














Total Assets under management: $94 billion








Assets by Client Type*






Assets by Client Domicile*





*AUM shown is as of March 31, 2017. In respect to AUM by client type and domicile, due to rounding, some of the items may not equal 100% or any expressed totals as applicable.



 




Fixed Income Assets Under Management (in Billions)

 


 




Dynamic Strategies with Client Objectives in Mind 

The above chart is for illustrative purposes only and not drawn to scale. Furthermore, the chart may not reflect the referenced strategies on an expected return and risk basis at any point in time. Potential returns may not be achieved.


As a SEC-registered investment adviser, MacKay Shields LLC claims compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS®) and prepares and presents its performance reports in compliance with the GIPS standards. The firm receives verification from an independent accounting firm (Ashland Partners & Company LLP) on a quarterly basis. The firm has been independently verified from January 1, 1988 through June 30, 2016.  The effective date of compliance with the GIPS® Standards is January 1, 1988. 
Click here to receive the full list and descriptions of MacKay’s active composites that adhere to the GIPS standards.


 







New York Life Insurance Company
New York Life Investment Management
MainStay Investments


© MacKay Shields 2017
An affiliate of New York Life Investment Management Holdings LLC
Terms of Use
Contact Us
















 | Contact Us















 



















Follow Us



About Us
Contact Us








 



Contact Us
If you would like more information about any of MacKay Shields’ strategies and services, please contact John Akkerman for any general marketing and client service questions. 


John W. Akkerman,CFA, CAIAExecutive Managing DirectorGlobal Head of Distribution
answers@mackayshields.comPhone: (212) 230-3905Fax: (212) 754-9205


For Financial Advisor Business development:


James FarrellManaging Director
james.farrell@mackayshields.com
Phone: (212) 230-3936 


Christopher RobertiManaging Director
christopher.roberti@mackayshields.com
Phone: (609) 750-8377








HEADQUARTERS:
MACKAY SHIELDS LLC1345 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10105


PRINCETON:
MACKAY MUNICIPALMANAGERS155 Village Blvd, Suite 305Princeton, NJ 08540

LOS ANGELES:
MACKAY SHIELDS LLC11150 Santa Monica BlvdSuite 470Los Angeles, CA 90025



LONDON:
MACKAY SHIELDS UK LLP200 Aldersgate StreetLondon EC1A 4HDUnited KingdomPhone: +44 203 178 7438

Matthew NageleManaging Director
matthew.nagele@mackayshields.co.uk
Phone: +44 203 178 7443





    If you would like more information about any MainStay Fund, please call 1-800-624-6782 for the prospectus, and, if available, the summary prospectus.  Investors are asked to consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the investment carefully before investing. The prospectus and, if available, summary prospectus, contains this and other information about the investment company.  Please read the prospectus, and, if available, the summary prospectus, carefully before investing.
	MacKay Shields UK LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
	





New York Life Insurance Company
New York Life Investment Management
MainStay Investments


© MacKay Shields 2017
An affiliate of New York Life Investment Management Holdings LLC
Terms of Use
Contact Us

















 | Terms and Conditions






































Follow Us



About Us
Contact Us






Website: Terms of Use


It is important that you read this page.  MacKay Shields LLC and MacKay Shields UK LLP (as appropriate and collectively, 
	'MacKay Shields), takes its legal and fiduciary responsibilities very seriously.  
	The use of www.mackayshields.com (this 'Website') is subject to the following 
	terms and conditions (the 'Terms').  After you have read and understood these 
	Terms, you may click 'I Agree' to confirm that you agree to the Terms which create a 
	binding legal agreement between us.If you do not agree with these Terms, you must refrain from using this Website.
In these Terms, references to 'you' and 'your' are references to any person using or accessing (or attempting to use or 
	access) this Website.

	For Users in the European Economic Area (EEA): This Website and the information 
	on it is communicated by MacKay Shields, including MacKay Shields UK LLP, which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom 
	by the Financial Conduct Authority ('FCA').  It is neither directed at or made available to Retail Clients, 
	nor is it directed at users resident in Italy.
	
	This Website (and the information on it) is directed only at persons who are (i) Professional Investors for the purposes of 
	the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (Directive 2011/61/EU) (known as 'AIFMD'); 
	Professional Clients or Eligible Counterparties for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC) 
	(known as 'MiFID'); or as otherwise defined under applicable local regulations and at whom this 
	Website (and any information on it) may lawfully be directed in any relevant jurisdiction.  The definition of Professional Investor as set out
	in AIFMD can be found here and the definitions of Professional Client and Eligible 
	Counterparty as set out in MiFID can be found here.  Please contact us if you require 
	any further information on your status.
	
By accepting these Terms, you hereby certify that you are a Professional Investor, Professional Client or an Eligible Counterparty.


About this Website and MacKay Shields
This Website is owned, maintained, operated and communicated by MacKay Shields:
MacKay Shields LLC, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10105. MacKay Shields LLC is an investment 
	adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
MacKay Shields UK LLP, 140 Aldersgate Street, London, EC1A 4HY, United Kingdom. MacKay Shields UK LLP is entered in 
	the FCA Financial Services register (firm reference number: 594166), access to which can be found 
	here.
Marketing Restrictions
The distribution of the information on this Website may be restricted by law in certain countries.  This Website, and the information and documentation 
	on it, are not addressed to any person resident in the territory of any country or jurisdiction where such distribution would be contrary to local law 
	or regulation.  The Funds (as defined below) are not available, and offering materials relating to them will not be distributed, to any person resident in 
	any country where such distribution would be contrary to local law or regulation.  MacKay Shields and its affiliates disclaim all responsibility if you 
	access or download any information from this Website in breach of any law or regulation in the country of which you are a citizen or in which you are residing 
	or domiciled.
MacKay Shields and its affiliates disclaim all responsibility if you access or download any information from this Website in breach of any law or 
	regulation in the country of which you are a citizen or in which you are residing or domiciled.  If your country of residence or domicile changes, you must
	access this Website selecting your new country of residence.
No Advice
The information on this Website is provided for information only and does not constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice or a 
	recommendation to buy, sell or otherwise transact in any investment including the Funds.
The information on this Website is provided solely on the basis that you will make your own investment decisions and MacKay Shields has not taken any 
	account of your particular investment objectives or financial situation in preparing the information on this Website.  In addition, nothing in this Website 
	shall, or is intended to, constitute financial, legal, accounting or tax advice.  We strongly recommend that you seek professional investment advice before 
	making any investment decision.  Any investment decision that you make should be based on an assessment of the risks in consultation with your 
	investment adviser.
Alternative Investment Funds and Non-Registered Funds
MacKay Shields and its subsidiaries sponsor, promote, manage or advise a number of funds which (i) have not been registered for public distribution and 
	marketing in the United States or in any other country (the 'Non-Registered Funds'); and (ii) alternative 
	investment funds ('AIFs') (Non-Registered Funds and AIFs, together the 'Funds'). 
	No regulator has determined that such Funds are suitable for any or all investors.
Information regarding the Funds is not directed at any person in any jurisdiction where it is illegal or unlawful to access and use such information.  Any
	information contained in this Website with respect to the Funds is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an invitation, offer or solicitation 
	to engage in any investment activity including to buy or sell any investment including any units in any Fund.
Any investment involves substantial risks.  The offering documents for each Fund contain risk warnings which are specific to the relevant Fund and which you 
	should consider carefully before taking any decision to invest.
The terms of any investment in a Fund are governed by the documents establishing such terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between the information on this 
	Website and the terms specified in, or established pursuant to, the documents establishing the terms of issue or contract, the terms so specified or determined shall 
	prevail.  An application for interests in any of the Funds should only be made having fully and carefully read the relevant prospectus, the latest financial reports 
	and other offering documents for the relevant Fund.
MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its or their directors, officers, employees or agents may have holdings in the Funds and/or underlying investments of the 
	Funds and may otherwise be interested in transactions in those Funds.  Further details about the policies that MacKay Shields has adopted in order to avoid or to 
	manage such conflicts in a way that ensures fair treatment for MacKay Shields’ clients are available from MacKay Shields on request.
The information within this Website pertaining to any Funds that are not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is available only to U.S. 
	persons who are 'Accredited Investors' as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 as amended (the 'Securities Act') that have a 
	pre-existing relationship with MacKay Shields.
	Securities in the United States and Canada distributed by NYLIFE Distributors LLC. 30 Hudson Street, Jersey City, NJ  07302.

	For Users in Canada: The information on this web site is not an offer to sell securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction of Canada.  In Canada, any offer or sale of securities or the provision of any advisory or investment fund manager services will be made only in accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws.  More specifically, any offer or sale of securities will be made in accordance with applicable exemptions to dealer and investment fund manager registration requirements, as well as under an exemption from the requirement to file a prospectus, and any advice given on securities will be made in reliance on applicable exemptions to adviser registration requirements. Where required, MacKay Shields LLC is relying on the “international adviser exemption” under National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations (“NI 31-103”), MacKay Shields LLC and MacKay Shields UK LLP are each relying on the “permitted client” exemption from the investment fund manager registration requirements under Multilateral Instrument 32-102 Registration Exemptions for Non-Resident Investment Fund Managers, and NYLIFE Distributors LLC, an affiliated broker-dealer, is registered as an “exempt market dealer” under applicable securities legislation and is relying on the “international dealer exemption” under NI 31-103.
	
Information on this Website
MacKay Shields has taken reasonable care to ensure that the information contained on this Website is accurate, current, complete, fit for its intended purpose 
	and compliant with applicable law and regulation as at the date of issue.  However, errors or omissions may occur due to circumstances beyond MacKay Shields’ 
	control and no warranty is given, or representation made, regarding the accuracy, validity or completeness of the information on this Website and no liability 
	is accepted by such persons for the accuracy or completeness of such information.  You must conduct your own due diligence and investigations rather than relying 
	on any of the information in this Website.  Any person who acts upon, or changes his or her investment position in reliance on, the information contained on this 
	Website does so entirely at his or her own risk.
Information posted on this Website is current only as at the date it is posted and may no longer be true or complete when viewed by you.  MacKay Shields cannot 
	guarantee that content will be accurate, complete and current at all times.  To the extent that any information on this Website relates to a third party, such 
	information has been provided by that third party and is the sole responsibility of such third party and MacKay Shields accepts no liability for such information.  
	All content on the Website is subject to modification from time to time without notice.  Please contact MacKay Shields (using the details here) for 
	further information regarding the validity of any information contained on this Website.
To the extent that this Website contains any expression of opinion or forecast, such opinion or forecast is based on sources believed by MacKay Shields 
	to be reliable, but is not guaranteed or warranted as to its current validity, accuracy or completeness.  Opinions expressed represent the opinions of MacKay Shields
	at the date of publication only, reflecting prevailing market conditions and certain assumptions (which may not prove to be valid), are subject to change and should 
	not be relied on by users of the Website.
Linked Websites
Links to websites operated by third parties are provided for information only and do not constitute any form of advice, endorsement or recommendation of such 
	websites or the material on them.  MacKay Shields accepts no responsibility for information contained on any other sites which can be accessed by hypertext link 
	from this Website or for these sites not being available at all times.  MacKay Shields has not reviewed, and will not review or update, such websites or information 
	and any use that you make of such websites and information is at your own risk.  Please note that when you click on any external site hypertext link you will leave 
	this Website.
Liability
No warranty is given that the contents of this Website are compatible with all computer systems or browsers or that this Website shall be available on an 
	uninterrupted basis.  MacKay Shields does not accept any liability for any damages or losses arising from changes or alterations made to this Website by 
	unauthorised third parties.
The internet is not a completely reliable transmission medium and neither MacKay Shields nor any of its affiliates accept any liability for any data 
	transmission errors such as data loss or damage or alteration of any kind or for the security or confidentiality of information transmitted across the internet
	to or from MacKay Shields or any of its affiliates.  Any such transmission of information is entirely at your own risk and any material downloaded from this 
	Website is downloaded at your own risk.
The information on this Website is provided 'as is'.  To the extent permitted by law, MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its and their directors, officers, 
	employees and agents expressly exclude all conditions, warranties, representations and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or 
	the law of equity.  MacKay Shields and its affiliates will only be liable to you in respect of any direct losses arising from your use of, or inability to use, 
	this Website in the event of MacKay Shields' negligence, wilful default or fraud.  In no event will MacKay Shields or any of its affiliates be liable to any 
	person for any indirect, special or consequential damages arising out of any use of, or inability to use, this Website or the information contained on it or on
	any other hyper-linked site including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or data on your equipment or otherwise, even 
	if MacKay Shields is expressly advised of the possibility or likelihood of such damages.  This does not affect MacKay Shields' liability for any loss or damage 
	which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude or restrict any duty or liability that MacKay Shields has to its clients under the 'regulatory system' in the 
	United Kingdom (as such term is defined in the FCA Rules), under applicable local regulatory rules or which may not be excluded or restricted as a matter of 
	applicable law.
Access
MacKay Shields reserves the right to suspend or withdraw access to any page(s) included on this Website without notice at any time and accepts no liability if, 
	for any reason, these pages are unavailable at any time or for any period.
Compliance with Law and Regulation
When using this Website you must comply with all applicable local, national and international laws including those related to data privacy, international 
	communications and exportation of technical or personal data.  It may be illegal to download the information contained on this Website in certain countries and 
	MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its and their directors, officers, employees and agents disclaim all responsibility if you download any information from this 
	Website in breach of any law or regulation of the country in which you reside.
Intellectual Property
The entire contents of this Website are subject to copyright with all rights reserved.  You may download or print individual sections of this Website for your 
	personal use without the prior written permission of MacKay Shields, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices; such permission shall be 
	deemed granted where this Website expressly permits for sharing on specifically designated social media platforms.  You may not reproduce (in whole or in part), transmit 
	(by electronic means or otherwise), modify, link into or use for any public or commercial purpose this Website without the prior written permission of
	MacKay Shields.  You must not transmit any virus, 'worm', 'Trojan horse', or other item of a destructive nature to this Website and it is your responsibility to 
	ensure that whatever you download or select for your use from this Website is free from such items.
Nothing on this Website should be construed as granting any licence or right in relation to any of our trademarks or those of our affiliated companies. All 
	trademarks, service marks, company names or logos are the property of their respective holders. The display of any trade names or trademarks on the Website
	does not imply that any licence has been granted to any third party in respect of the same.  Any use by you of these marks, names and/or logos may constitute an 
	infringement of the holders' rights.
The Internet
Please note that there is no guarantee that any e-mail sent by you will be received by us, or that the contents of any such e-mail will remain private
	during internet transmission.  Any information is sent at your own personal risk.
Data Protection
By using this Website, you are disclosing to MacKay Shields your country of residence and for EEA users, status as Professional Investor, Professional Client or Eligible 
	Counterparty.  MacKay Shields may also record your email address where you access factsheets relating to the performance of the Funds, and the IP address of 
	the device you use to access this Website.
MacKay Shields promises to treat personal information you disclose securely, fairly and lawfully and will only use that information: (i) to support your 
	interaction with MacKay Shields, including to ensure that the content of this Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device; and 
	(ii) for general internal research purposes, including to identify and analyse the nature of users of this Website.  In connection with the purposes above, 
	MacKay Shields may transfer your information to, and process your information in, countries in which the data protection laws may not offer an equivalent 
	level of protection for your personal information to the European Union.

Cookies
A 'cookie' is a small text file which is stored on your device when you visit a website.  Some cookies are deleted when you close down your browser.  These 
	are known as session cookies.  Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete them from your cache.  These are known as persistent cookies.
MacKay Shields uses persistent cookies to generate data on this Website's performance and analyse your use of this Website, including that you are a repeat 
	visitor to this Website and information about surveys you have completed and notifications you have seen and acknowledged.  MacKay Shields uses session cookies 
	to record your location and IP address, monitor the length of your browsing session and the pages you visit and monitor your response to surveys and 
	notifications MacKay Shields presents to you.
By using this Website, you agree that MacKay Shields can place the types of cookie described above on your device.  If you delete cookies relating to 
	this Website, MacKay Shields will not remember things about you, you will be treated as a first-time visitor the next time you visit this Website and MacKay
	Shields will not be able to tailor your experience of this Website.
Amendment
MacKay Shields may delete or make changes to these Terms and to the information contained on this Website at any time.  Where we make any changes to these 
	Terms, you will be required to accept such changes in order to continue to use the Website.  If you do not accept such revised Terms, you may no longer be able 
	to access this Website.
If any provision of these Terms is found by any court or authority of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or invalid under the laws of any 
	jurisdiction, the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of these Terms in that jurisdiction shall not be affected and the legality, validity 
	and enforceability of the whole of these Terms in any other jurisdiction shall not be affected.
Third Parties
For EEA Users: MacKay Shields and its affiliates shall have the benefit of the rights conferred on them by these Terms
	but otherwise no person who is not a party to these Terms may enforce its terms under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
Applicable Law & Jurisdiction
For U.S. Users: Your use and access of this Website shall be governed by New York law, without giving effect to its 
	conflict of law principles. You hereby agree that any legal action arising out of or relating to this Website shall be brought only in the federal or state 
	courts in the State of New York. You hereby agree that jurisdiction and venue are proper in such courts.
For EEA Users: This Website and its terms and conditions are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with 
	English law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Contact Us
If you have any enquiries in relation to this Website or the information on it, please contact MacKay Shields at 
	answers@mackayshields.com or by calling +1-212-230-3805.





I Agree✓


Decline✗

 




New York Life Insurance Company
New York Life Investment Management
MainStay Investments


© MacKay Shields 2017
An affiliate of New York Life Investment Management Holdings LLC
Terms of Use
Contact Us
















 | Terms and Conditions






































Follow Us



About Us
Contact Us






Website: Terms of Use


It is important that you read this page.  MacKay Shields LLC and MacKay Shields UK LLP (as appropriate and collectively, 
	'MacKay Shields), takes its legal and fiduciary responsibilities very seriously.  
	The use of www.mackayshields.com (this 'Website') is subject to the following 
	terms and conditions (the 'Terms').  After you have read and understood these 
	Terms, you may click 'I Agree' to confirm that you agree to the Terms which create a 
	binding legal agreement between us.If you do not agree with these Terms, you must refrain from using this Website.
In these Terms, references to 'you' and 'your' are references to any person using or accessing (or attempting to use or 
	access) this Website.

	For Users in the European Economic Area (EEA): This Website and the information 
	on it is communicated by MacKay Shields, including MacKay Shields UK LLP, which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom 
	by the Financial Conduct Authority ('FCA').  It is neither directed at or made available to Retail Clients, 
	nor is it directed at users resident in Italy.
	
	This Website (and the information on it) is directed only at persons who are (i) Professional Investors for the purposes of 
	the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (Directive 2011/61/EU) (known as 'AIFMD'); 
	Professional Clients or Eligible Counterparties for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC) 
	(known as 'MiFID'); or as otherwise defined under applicable local regulations and at whom this 
	Website (and any information on it) may lawfully be directed in any relevant jurisdiction.  The definition of Professional Investor as set out
	in AIFMD can be found here and the definitions of Professional Client and Eligible 
	Counterparty as set out in MiFID can be found here.  Please contact us if you require 
	any further information on your status.
	
By accepting these Terms, you hereby certify that you are a Professional Investor, Professional Client or an Eligible Counterparty.


About this Website and MacKay Shields
This Website is owned, maintained, operated and communicated by MacKay Shields:
MacKay Shields LLC, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10105. MacKay Shields LLC is an investment 
	adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
MacKay Shields UK LLP, 140 Aldersgate Street, London, EC1A 4HY, United Kingdom. MacKay Shields UK LLP is entered in 
	the FCA Financial Services register (firm reference number: 594166), access to which can be found 
	here.
Marketing Restrictions
The distribution of the information on this Website may be restricted by law in certain countries.  This Website, and the information and documentation 
	on it, are not addressed to any person resident in the territory of any country or jurisdiction where such distribution would be contrary to local law 
	or regulation.  The Funds (as defined below) are not available, and offering materials relating to them will not be distributed, to any person resident in 
	any country where such distribution would be contrary to local law or regulation.  MacKay Shields and its affiliates disclaim all responsibility if you 
	access or download any information from this Website in breach of any law or regulation in the country of which you are a citizen or in which you are residing 
	or domiciled.
MacKay Shields and its affiliates disclaim all responsibility if you access or download any information from this Website in breach of any law or 
	regulation in the country of which you are a citizen or in which you are residing or domiciled.  If your country of residence or domicile changes, you must
	access this Website selecting your new country of residence.
No Advice
The information on this Website is provided for information only and does not constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice or a 
	recommendation to buy, sell or otherwise transact in any investment including the Funds.
The information on this Website is provided solely on the basis that you will make your own investment decisions and MacKay Shields has not taken any 
	account of your particular investment objectives or financial situation in preparing the information on this Website.  In addition, nothing in this Website 
	shall, or is intended to, constitute financial, legal, accounting or tax advice.  We strongly recommend that you seek professional investment advice before 
	making any investment decision.  Any investment decision that you make should be based on an assessment of the risks in consultation with your 
	investment adviser.
Alternative Investment Funds and Non-Registered Funds
MacKay Shields and its subsidiaries sponsor, promote, manage or advise a number of funds which (i) have not been registered for public distribution and 
	marketing in the United States or in any other country (the 'Non-Registered Funds'); and (ii) alternative 
	investment funds ('AIFs') (Non-Registered Funds and AIFs, together the 'Funds'). 
	No regulator has determined that such Funds are suitable for any or all investors.
Information regarding the Funds is not directed at any person in any jurisdiction where it is illegal or unlawful to access and use such information.  Any
	information contained in this Website with respect to the Funds is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an invitation, offer or solicitation 
	to engage in any investment activity including to buy or sell any investment including any units in any Fund.
Any investment involves substantial risks.  The offering documents for each Fund contain risk warnings which are specific to the relevant Fund and which you 
	should consider carefully before taking any decision to invest.
The terms of any investment in a Fund are governed by the documents establishing such terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between the information on this 
	Website and the terms specified in, or established pursuant to, the documents establishing the terms of issue or contract, the terms so specified or determined shall 
	prevail.  An application for interests in any of the Funds should only be made having fully and carefully read the relevant prospectus, the latest financial reports 
	and other offering documents for the relevant Fund.
MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its or their directors, officers, employees or agents may have holdings in the Funds and/or underlying investments of the 
	Funds and may otherwise be interested in transactions in those Funds.  Further details about the policies that MacKay Shields has adopted in order to avoid or to 
	manage such conflicts in a way that ensures fair treatment for MacKay Shields’ clients are available from MacKay Shields on request.
The information within this Website pertaining to any Funds that are not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is available only to U.S. 
	persons who are 'Accredited Investors' as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 as amended (the 'Securities Act') that have a 
	pre-existing relationship with MacKay Shields.
	Securities in the United States and Canada distributed by NYLIFE Distributors LLC. 30 Hudson Street, Jersey City, NJ  07302.

	For Users in Canada: The information on this web site is not an offer to sell securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction of Canada.  In Canada, any offer or sale of securities or the provision of any advisory or investment fund manager services will be made only in accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws.  More specifically, any offer or sale of securities will be made in accordance with applicable exemptions to dealer and investment fund manager registration requirements, as well as under an exemption from the requirement to file a prospectus, and any advice given on securities will be made in reliance on applicable exemptions to adviser registration requirements. Where required, MacKay Shields LLC is relying on the “international adviser exemption” under National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations (“NI 31-103”), MacKay Shields LLC and MacKay Shields UK LLP are each relying on the “permitted client” exemption from the investment fund manager registration requirements under Multilateral Instrument 32-102 Registration Exemptions for Non-Resident Investment Fund Managers, and NYLIFE Distributors LLC, an affiliated broker-dealer, is registered as an “exempt market dealer” under applicable securities legislation and is relying on the “international dealer exemption” under NI 31-103.
	
Information on this Website
MacKay Shields has taken reasonable care to ensure that the information contained on this Website is accurate, current, complete, fit for its intended purpose 
	and compliant with applicable law and regulation as at the date of issue.  However, errors or omissions may occur due to circumstances beyond MacKay Shields’ 
	control and no warranty is given, or representation made, regarding the accuracy, validity or completeness of the information on this Website and no liability 
	is accepted by such persons for the accuracy or completeness of such information.  You must conduct your own due diligence and investigations rather than relying 
	on any of the information in this Website.  Any person who acts upon, or changes his or her investment position in reliance on, the information contained on this 
	Website does so entirely at his or her own risk.
Information posted on this Website is current only as at the date it is posted and may no longer be true or complete when viewed by you.  MacKay Shields cannot 
	guarantee that content will be accurate, complete and current at all times.  To the extent that any information on this Website relates to a third party, such 
	information has been provided by that third party and is the sole responsibility of such third party and MacKay Shields accepts no liability for such information.  
	All content on the Website is subject to modification from time to time without notice.  Please contact MacKay Shields (using the details here) for 
	further information regarding the validity of any information contained on this Website.
To the extent that this Website contains any expression of opinion or forecast, such opinion or forecast is based on sources believed by MacKay Shields 
	to be reliable, but is not guaranteed or warranted as to its current validity, accuracy or completeness.  Opinions expressed represent the opinions of MacKay Shields
	at the date of publication only, reflecting prevailing market conditions and certain assumptions (which may not prove to be valid), are subject to change and should 
	not be relied on by users of the Website.
Linked Websites
Links to websites operated by third parties are provided for information only and do not constitute any form of advice, endorsement or recommendation of such 
	websites or the material on them.  MacKay Shields accepts no responsibility for information contained on any other sites which can be accessed by hypertext link 
	from this Website or for these sites not being available at all times.  MacKay Shields has not reviewed, and will not review or update, such websites or information 
	and any use that you make of such websites and information is at your own risk.  Please note that when you click on any external site hypertext link you will leave 
	this Website.
Liability
No warranty is given that the contents of this Website are compatible with all computer systems or browsers or that this Website shall be available on an 
	uninterrupted basis.  MacKay Shields does not accept any liability for any damages or losses arising from changes or alterations made to this Website by 
	unauthorised third parties.
The internet is not a completely reliable transmission medium and neither MacKay Shields nor any of its affiliates accept any liability for any data 
	transmission errors such as data loss or damage or alteration of any kind or for the security or confidentiality of information transmitted across the internet
	to or from MacKay Shields or any of its affiliates.  Any such transmission of information is entirely at your own risk and any material downloaded from this 
	Website is downloaded at your own risk.
The information on this Website is provided 'as is'.  To the extent permitted by law, MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its and their directors, officers, 
	employees and agents expressly exclude all conditions, warranties, representations and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or 
	the law of equity.  MacKay Shields and its affiliates will only be liable to you in respect of any direct losses arising from your use of, or inability to use, 
	this Website in the event of MacKay Shields' negligence, wilful default or fraud.  In no event will MacKay Shields or any of its affiliates be liable to any 
	person for any indirect, special or consequential damages arising out of any use of, or inability to use, this Website or the information contained on it or on
	any other hyper-linked site including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or data on your equipment or otherwise, even 
	if MacKay Shields is expressly advised of the possibility or likelihood of such damages.  This does not affect MacKay Shields' liability for any loss or damage 
	which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude or restrict any duty or liability that MacKay Shields has to its clients under the 'regulatory system' in the 
	United Kingdom (as such term is defined in the FCA Rules), under applicable local regulatory rules or which may not be excluded or restricted as a matter of 
	applicable law.
Access
MacKay Shields reserves the right to suspend or withdraw access to any page(s) included on this Website without notice at any time and accepts no liability if, 
	for any reason, these pages are unavailable at any time or for any period.
Compliance with Law and Regulation
When using this Website you must comply with all applicable local, national and international laws including those related to data privacy, international 
	communications and exportation of technical or personal data.  It may be illegal to download the information contained on this Website in certain countries and 
	MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its and their directors, officers, employees and agents disclaim all responsibility if you download any information from this 
	Website in breach of any law or regulation of the country in which you reside.
Intellectual Property
The entire contents of this Website are subject to copyright with all rights reserved.  You may download or print individual sections of this Website for your 
	personal use without the prior written permission of MacKay Shields, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices; such permission shall be 
	deemed granted where this Website expressly permits for sharing on specifically designated social media platforms.  You may not reproduce (in whole or in part), transmit 
	(by electronic means or otherwise), modify, link into or use for any public or commercial purpose this Website without the prior written permission of
	MacKay Shields.  You must not transmit any virus, 'worm', 'Trojan horse', or other item of a destructive nature to this Website and it is your responsibility to 
	ensure that whatever you download or select for your use from this Website is free from such items.
Nothing on this Website should be construed as granting any licence or right in relation to any of our trademarks or those of our affiliated companies. All 
	trademarks, service marks, company names or logos are the property of their respective holders. The display of any trade names or trademarks on the Website
	does not imply that any licence has been granted to any third party in respect of the same.  Any use by you of these marks, names and/or logos may constitute an 
	infringement of the holders' rights.
The Internet
Please note that there is no guarantee that any e-mail sent by you will be received by us, or that the contents of any such e-mail will remain private
	during internet transmission.  Any information is sent at your own personal risk.
Data Protection
By using this Website, you are disclosing to MacKay Shields your country of residence and for EEA users, status as Professional Investor, Professional Client or Eligible 
	Counterparty.  MacKay Shields may also record your email address where you access factsheets relating to the performance of the Funds, and the IP address of 
	the device you use to access this Website.
MacKay Shields promises to treat personal information you disclose securely, fairly and lawfully and will only use that information: (i) to support your 
	interaction with MacKay Shields, including to ensure that the content of this Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device; and 
	(ii) for general internal research purposes, including to identify and analyse the nature of users of this Website.  In connection with the purposes above, 
	MacKay Shields may transfer your information to, and process your information in, countries in which the data protection laws may not offer an equivalent 
	level of protection for your personal information to the European Union.

Cookies
A 'cookie' is a small text file which is stored on your device when you visit a website.  Some cookies are deleted when you close down your browser.  These 
	are known as session cookies.  Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete them from your cache.  These are known as persistent cookies.
MacKay Shields uses persistent cookies to generate data on this Website's performance and analyse your use of this Website, including that you are a repeat 
	visitor to this Website and information about surveys you have completed and notifications you have seen and acknowledged.  MacKay Shields uses session cookies 
	to record your location and IP address, monitor the length of your browsing session and the pages you visit and monitor your response to surveys and 
	notifications MacKay Shields presents to you.
By using this Website, you agree that MacKay Shields can place the types of cookie described above on your device.  If you delete cookies relating to 
	this Website, MacKay Shields will not remember things about you, you will be treated as a first-time visitor the next time you visit this Website and MacKay
	Shields will not be able to tailor your experience of this Website.
Amendment
MacKay Shields may delete or make changes to these Terms and to the information contained on this Website at any time.  Where we make any changes to these 
	Terms, you will be required to accept such changes in order to continue to use the Website.  If you do not accept such revised Terms, you may no longer be able 
	to access this Website.
If any provision of these Terms is found by any court or authority of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or invalid under the laws of any 
	jurisdiction, the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of these Terms in that jurisdiction shall not be affected and the legality, validity 
	and enforceability of the whole of these Terms in any other jurisdiction shall not be affected.
Third Parties
For EEA Users: MacKay Shields and its affiliates shall have the benefit of the rights conferred on them by these Terms
	but otherwise no person who is not a party to these Terms may enforce its terms under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
Applicable Law & Jurisdiction
For U.S. Users: Your use and access of this Website shall be governed by New York law, without giving effect to its 
	conflict of law principles. You hereby agree that any legal action arising out of or relating to this Website shall be brought only in the federal or state 
	courts in the State of New York. You hereby agree that jurisdiction and venue are proper in such courts.
For EEA Users: This Website and its terms and conditions are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with 
	English law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Contact Us
If you have any enquiries in relation to this Website or the information on it, please contact MacKay Shields at 
	answers@mackayshields.com or by calling +1-212-230-3805.





I Agree✓


Decline✗

 




New York Life Insurance Company
New York Life Investment Management
MainStay Investments


© MacKay Shields 2017
An affiliate of New York Life Investment Management Holdings LLC
Terms of Use
Contact Us
















 | Terms and Conditions






































Follow Us



About Us
Contact Us






Website: Terms of Use


It is important that you read this page.  MacKay Shields LLC and MacKay Shields UK LLP (as appropriate and collectively, 
	'MacKay Shields), takes its legal and fiduciary responsibilities very seriously.  
	The use of www.mackayshields.com (this 'Website') is subject to the following 
	terms and conditions (the 'Terms').  After you have read and understood these 
	Terms, you may click 'I Agree' to confirm that you agree to the Terms which create a 
	binding legal agreement between us.If you do not agree with these Terms, you must refrain from using this Website.
In these Terms, references to 'you' and 'your' are references to any person using or accessing (or attempting to use or 
	access) this Website.

	For Users in the European Economic Area (EEA): This Website and the information 
	on it is communicated by MacKay Shields, including MacKay Shields UK LLP, which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom 
	by the Financial Conduct Authority ('FCA').  It is neither directed at or made available to Retail Clients, 
	nor is it directed at users resident in Italy.
	
	This Website (and the information on it) is directed only at persons who are (i) Professional Investors for the purposes of 
	the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (Directive 2011/61/EU) (known as 'AIFMD'); 
	Professional Clients or Eligible Counterparties for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC) 
	(known as 'MiFID'); or as otherwise defined under applicable local regulations and at whom this 
	Website (and any information on it) may lawfully be directed in any relevant jurisdiction.  The definition of Professional Investor as set out
	in AIFMD can be found here and the definitions of Professional Client and Eligible 
	Counterparty as set out in MiFID can be found here.  Please contact us if you require 
	any further information on your status.
	
By accepting these Terms, you hereby certify that you are a Professional Investor, Professional Client or an Eligible Counterparty.


About this Website and MacKay Shields
This Website is owned, maintained, operated and communicated by MacKay Shields:
MacKay Shields LLC, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10105. MacKay Shields LLC is an investment 
	adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
MacKay Shields UK LLP, 140 Aldersgate Street, London, EC1A 4HY, United Kingdom. MacKay Shields UK LLP is entered in 
	the FCA Financial Services register (firm reference number: 594166), access to which can be found 
	here.
Marketing Restrictions
The distribution of the information on this Website may be restricted by law in certain countries.  This Website, and the information and documentation 
	on it, are not addressed to any person resident in the territory of any country or jurisdiction where such distribution would be contrary to local law 
	or regulation.  The Funds (as defined below) are not available, and offering materials relating to them will not be distributed, to any person resident in 
	any country where such distribution would be contrary to local law or regulation.  MacKay Shields and its affiliates disclaim all responsibility if you 
	access or download any information from this Website in breach of any law or regulation in the country of which you are a citizen or in which you are residing 
	or domiciled.
MacKay Shields and its affiliates disclaim all responsibility if you access or download any information from this Website in breach of any law or 
	regulation in the country of which you are a citizen or in which you are residing or domiciled.  If your country of residence or domicile changes, you must
	access this Website selecting your new country of residence.
No Advice
The information on this Website is provided for information only and does not constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice or a 
	recommendation to buy, sell or otherwise transact in any investment including the Funds.
The information on this Website is provided solely on the basis that you will make your own investment decisions and MacKay Shields has not taken any 
	account of your particular investment objectives or financial situation in preparing the information on this Website.  In addition, nothing in this Website 
	shall, or is intended to, constitute financial, legal, accounting or tax advice.  We strongly recommend that you seek professional investment advice before 
	making any investment decision.  Any investment decision that you make should be based on an assessment of the risks in consultation with your 
	investment adviser.
Alternative Investment Funds and Non-Registered Funds
MacKay Shields and its subsidiaries sponsor, promote, manage or advise a number of funds which (i) have not been registered for public distribution and 
	marketing in the United States or in any other country (the 'Non-Registered Funds'); and (ii) alternative 
	investment funds ('AIFs') (Non-Registered Funds and AIFs, together the 'Funds'). 
	No regulator has determined that such Funds are suitable for any or all investors.
Information regarding the Funds is not directed at any person in any jurisdiction where it is illegal or unlawful to access and use such information.  Any
	information contained in this Website with respect to the Funds is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an invitation, offer or solicitation 
	to engage in any investment activity including to buy or sell any investment including any units in any Fund.
Any investment involves substantial risks.  The offering documents for each Fund contain risk warnings which are specific to the relevant Fund and which you 
	should consider carefully before taking any decision to invest.
The terms of any investment in a Fund are governed by the documents establishing such terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between the information on this 
	Website and the terms specified in, or established pursuant to, the documents establishing the terms of issue or contract, the terms so specified or determined shall 
	prevail.  An application for interests in any of the Funds should only be made having fully and carefully read the relevant prospectus, the latest financial reports 
	and other offering documents for the relevant Fund.
MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its or their directors, officers, employees or agents may have holdings in the Funds and/or underlying investments of the 
	Funds and may otherwise be interested in transactions in those Funds.  Further details about the policies that MacKay Shields has adopted in order to avoid or to 
	manage such conflicts in a way that ensures fair treatment for MacKay Shields’ clients are available from MacKay Shields on request.
The information within this Website pertaining to any Funds that are not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is available only to U.S. 
	persons who are 'Accredited Investors' as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 as amended (the 'Securities Act') that have a 
	pre-existing relationship with MacKay Shields.
	Securities in the United States and Canada distributed by NYLIFE Distributors LLC. 30 Hudson Street, Jersey City, NJ  07302.

	For Users in Canada: The information on this web site is not an offer to sell securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction of Canada.  In Canada, any offer or sale of securities or the provision of any advisory or investment fund manager services will be made only in accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws.  More specifically, any offer or sale of securities will be made in accordance with applicable exemptions to dealer and investment fund manager registration requirements, as well as under an exemption from the requirement to file a prospectus, and any advice given on securities will be made in reliance on applicable exemptions to adviser registration requirements. Where required, MacKay Shields LLC is relying on the “international adviser exemption” under National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations (“NI 31-103”), MacKay Shields LLC and MacKay Shields UK LLP are each relying on the “permitted client” exemption from the investment fund manager registration requirements under Multilateral Instrument 32-102 Registration Exemptions for Non-Resident Investment Fund Managers, and NYLIFE Distributors LLC, an affiliated broker-dealer, is registered as an “exempt market dealer” under applicable securities legislation and is relying on the “international dealer exemption” under NI 31-103.
	
Information on this Website
MacKay Shields has taken reasonable care to ensure that the information contained on this Website is accurate, current, complete, fit for its intended purpose 
	and compliant with applicable law and regulation as at the date of issue.  However, errors or omissions may occur due to circumstances beyond MacKay Shields’ 
	control and no warranty is given, or representation made, regarding the accuracy, validity or completeness of the information on this Website and no liability 
	is accepted by such persons for the accuracy or completeness of such information.  You must conduct your own due diligence and investigations rather than relying 
	on any of the information in this Website.  Any person who acts upon, or changes his or her investment position in reliance on, the information contained on this 
	Website does so entirely at his or her own risk.
Information posted on this Website is current only as at the date it is posted and may no longer be true or complete when viewed by you.  MacKay Shields cannot 
	guarantee that content will be accurate, complete and current at all times.  To the extent that any information on this Website relates to a third party, such 
	information has been provided by that third party and is the sole responsibility of such third party and MacKay Shields accepts no liability for such information.  
	All content on the Website is subject to modification from time to time without notice.  Please contact MacKay Shields (using the details here) for 
	further information regarding the validity of any information contained on this Website.
To the extent that this Website contains any expression of opinion or forecast, such opinion or forecast is based on sources believed by MacKay Shields 
	to be reliable, but is not guaranteed or warranted as to its current validity, accuracy or completeness.  Opinions expressed represent the opinions of MacKay Shields
	at the date of publication only, reflecting prevailing market conditions and certain assumptions (which may not prove to be valid), are subject to change and should 
	not be relied on by users of the Website.
Linked Websites
Links to websites operated by third parties are provided for information only and do not constitute any form of advice, endorsement or recommendation of such 
	websites or the material on them.  MacKay Shields accepts no responsibility for information contained on any other sites which can be accessed by hypertext link 
	from this Website or for these sites not being available at all times.  MacKay Shields has not reviewed, and will not review or update, such websites or information 
	and any use that you make of such websites and information is at your own risk.  Please note that when you click on any external site hypertext link you will leave 
	this Website.
Liability
No warranty is given that the contents of this Website are compatible with all computer systems or browsers or that this Website shall be available on an 
	uninterrupted basis.  MacKay Shields does not accept any liability for any damages or losses arising from changes or alterations made to this Website by 
	unauthorised third parties.
The internet is not a completely reliable transmission medium and neither MacKay Shields nor any of its affiliates accept any liability for any data 
	transmission errors such as data loss or damage or alteration of any kind or for the security or confidentiality of information transmitted across the internet
	to or from MacKay Shields or any of its affiliates.  Any such transmission of information is entirely at your own risk and any material downloaded from this 
	Website is downloaded at your own risk.
The information on this Website is provided 'as is'.  To the extent permitted by law, MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its and their directors, officers, 
	employees and agents expressly exclude all conditions, warranties, representations and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or 
	the law of equity.  MacKay Shields and its affiliates will only be liable to you in respect of any direct losses arising from your use of, or inability to use, 
	this Website in the event of MacKay Shields' negligence, wilful default or fraud.  In no event will MacKay Shields or any of its affiliates be liable to any 
	person for any indirect, special or consequential damages arising out of any use of, or inability to use, this Website or the information contained on it or on
	any other hyper-linked site including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or data on your equipment or otherwise, even 
	if MacKay Shields is expressly advised of the possibility or likelihood of such damages.  This does not affect MacKay Shields' liability for any loss or damage 
	which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude or restrict any duty or liability that MacKay Shields has to its clients under the 'regulatory system' in the 
	United Kingdom (as such term is defined in the FCA Rules), under applicable local regulatory rules or which may not be excluded or restricted as a matter of 
	applicable law.
Access
MacKay Shields reserves the right to suspend or withdraw access to any page(s) included on this Website without notice at any time and accepts no liability if, 
	for any reason, these pages are unavailable at any time or for any period.
Compliance with Law and Regulation
When using this Website you must comply with all applicable local, national and international laws including those related to data privacy, international 
	communications and exportation of technical or personal data.  It may be illegal to download the information contained on this Website in certain countries and 
	MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its and their directors, officers, employees and agents disclaim all responsibility if you download any information from this 
	Website in breach of any law or regulation of the country in which you reside.
Intellectual Property
The entire contents of this Website are subject to copyright with all rights reserved.  You may download or print individual sections of this Website for your 
	personal use without the prior written permission of MacKay Shields, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices; such permission shall be 
	deemed granted where this Website expressly permits for sharing on specifically designated social media platforms.  You may not reproduce (in whole or in part), transmit 
	(by electronic means or otherwise), modify, link into or use for any public or commercial purpose this Website without the prior written permission of
	MacKay Shields.  You must not transmit any virus, 'worm', 'Trojan horse', or other item of a destructive nature to this Website and it is your responsibility to 
	ensure that whatever you download or select for your use from this Website is free from such items.
Nothing on this Website should be construed as granting any licence or right in relation to any of our trademarks or those of our affiliated companies. All 
	trademarks, service marks, company names or logos are the property of their respective holders. The display of any trade names or trademarks on the Website
	does not imply that any licence has been granted to any third party in respect of the same.  Any use by you of these marks, names and/or logos may constitute an 
	infringement of the holders' rights.
The Internet
Please note that there is no guarantee that any e-mail sent by you will be received by us, or that the contents of any such e-mail will remain private
	during internet transmission.  Any information is sent at your own personal risk.
Data Protection
By using this Website, you are disclosing to MacKay Shields your country of residence and for EEA users, status as Professional Investor, Professional Client or Eligible 
	Counterparty.  MacKay Shields may also record your email address where you access factsheets relating to the performance of the Funds, and the IP address of 
	the device you use to access this Website.
MacKay Shields promises to treat personal information you disclose securely, fairly and lawfully and will only use that information: (i) to support your 
	interaction with MacKay Shields, including to ensure that the content of this Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device; and 
	(ii) for general internal research purposes, including to identify and analyse the nature of users of this Website.  In connection with the purposes above, 
	MacKay Shields may transfer your information to, and process your information in, countries in which the data protection laws may not offer an equivalent 
	level of protection for your personal information to the European Union.

Cookies
A 'cookie' is a small text file which is stored on your device when you visit a website.  Some cookies are deleted when you close down your browser.  These 
	are known as session cookies.  Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete them from your cache.  These are known as persistent cookies.
MacKay Shields uses persistent cookies to generate data on this Website's performance and analyse your use of this Website, including that you are a repeat 
	visitor to this Website and information about surveys you have completed and notifications you have seen and acknowledged.  MacKay Shields uses session cookies 
	to record your location and IP address, monitor the length of your browsing session and the pages you visit and monitor your response to surveys and 
	notifications MacKay Shields presents to you.
By using this Website, you agree that MacKay Shields can place the types of cookie described above on your device.  If you delete cookies relating to 
	this Website, MacKay Shields will not remember things about you, you will be treated as a first-time visitor the next time you visit this Website and MacKay
	Shields will not be able to tailor your experience of this Website.
Amendment
MacKay Shields may delete or make changes to these Terms and to the information contained on this Website at any time.  Where we make any changes to these 
	Terms, you will be required to accept such changes in order to continue to use the Website.  If you do not accept such revised Terms, you may no longer be able 
	to access this Website.
If any provision of these Terms is found by any court or authority of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or invalid under the laws of any 
	jurisdiction, the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of these Terms in that jurisdiction shall not be affected and the legality, validity 
	and enforceability of the whole of these Terms in any other jurisdiction shall not be affected.
Third Parties
For EEA Users: MacKay Shields and its affiliates shall have the benefit of the rights conferred on them by these Terms
	but otherwise no person who is not a party to these Terms may enforce its terms under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
Applicable Law & Jurisdiction
For U.S. Users: Your use and access of this Website shall be governed by New York law, without giving effect to its 
	conflict of law principles. You hereby agree that any legal action arising out of or relating to this Website shall be brought only in the federal or state 
	courts in the State of New York. You hereby agree that jurisdiction and venue are proper in such courts.
For EEA Users: This Website and its terms and conditions are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with 
	English law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Contact Us
If you have any enquiries in relation to this Website or the information on it, please contact MacKay Shields at 
	answers@mackayshields.com or by calling +1-212-230-3805.





I Agree✓


Decline✗

 




New York Life Insurance Company
New York Life Investment Management
MainStay Investments


© MacKay Shields 2017
An affiliate of New York Life Investment Management Holdings LLC
Terms of Use
Contact Us
















 | Terms and Conditions






































Follow Us



About Us
Contact Us






Website: Terms of Use


It is important that you read this page.  MacKay Shields LLC and MacKay Shields UK LLP (as appropriate and collectively, 
	'MacKay Shields), takes its legal and fiduciary responsibilities very seriously.  
	The use of www.mackayshields.com (this 'Website') is subject to the following 
	terms and conditions (the 'Terms').  After you have read and understood these 
	Terms, you may click 'I Agree' to confirm that you agree to the Terms which create a 
	binding legal agreement between us.If you do not agree with these Terms, you must refrain from using this Website.
In these Terms, references to 'you' and 'your' are references to any person using or accessing (or attempting to use or 
	access) this Website.

	For Users in the European Economic Area (EEA): This Website and the information 
	on it is communicated by MacKay Shields, including MacKay Shields UK LLP, which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom 
	by the Financial Conduct Authority ('FCA').  It is neither directed at or made available to Retail Clients, 
	nor is it directed at users resident in Italy.
	
	This Website (and the information on it) is directed only at persons who are (i) Professional Investors for the purposes of 
	the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (Directive 2011/61/EU) (known as 'AIFMD'); 
	Professional Clients or Eligible Counterparties for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC) 
	(known as 'MiFID'); or as otherwise defined under applicable local regulations and at whom this 
	Website (and any information on it) may lawfully be directed in any relevant jurisdiction.  The definition of Professional Investor as set out
	in AIFMD can be found here and the definitions of Professional Client and Eligible 
	Counterparty as set out in MiFID can be found here.  Please contact us if you require 
	any further information on your status.
	
By accepting these Terms, you hereby certify that you are a Professional Investor, Professional Client or an Eligible Counterparty.


About this Website and MacKay Shields
This Website is owned, maintained, operated and communicated by MacKay Shields:
MacKay Shields LLC, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10105. MacKay Shields LLC is an investment 
	adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
MacKay Shields UK LLP, 140 Aldersgate Street, London, EC1A 4HY, United Kingdom. MacKay Shields UK LLP is entered in 
	the FCA Financial Services register (firm reference number: 594166), access to which can be found 
	here.
Marketing Restrictions
The distribution of the information on this Website may be restricted by law in certain countries.  This Website, and the information and documentation 
	on it, are not addressed to any person resident in the territory of any country or jurisdiction where such distribution would be contrary to local law 
	or regulation.  The Funds (as defined below) are not available, and offering materials relating to them will not be distributed, to any person resident in 
	any country where such distribution would be contrary to local law or regulation.  MacKay Shields and its affiliates disclaim all responsibility if you 
	access or download any information from this Website in breach of any law or regulation in the country of which you are a citizen or in which you are residing 
	or domiciled.
MacKay Shields and its affiliates disclaim all responsibility if you access or download any information from this Website in breach of any law or 
	regulation in the country of which you are a citizen or in which you are residing or domiciled.  If your country of residence or domicile changes, you must
	access this Website selecting your new country of residence.
No Advice
The information on this Website is provided for information only and does not constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice or a 
	recommendation to buy, sell or otherwise transact in any investment including the Funds.
The information on this Website is provided solely on the basis that you will make your own investment decisions and MacKay Shields has not taken any 
	account of your particular investment objectives or financial situation in preparing the information on this Website.  In addition, nothing in this Website 
	shall, or is intended to, constitute financial, legal, accounting or tax advice.  We strongly recommend that you seek professional investment advice before 
	making any investment decision.  Any investment decision that you make should be based on an assessment of the risks in consultation with your 
	investment adviser.
Alternative Investment Funds and Non-Registered Funds
MacKay Shields and its subsidiaries sponsor, promote, manage or advise a number of funds which (i) have not been registered for public distribution and 
	marketing in the United States or in any other country (the 'Non-Registered Funds'); and (ii) alternative 
	investment funds ('AIFs') (Non-Registered Funds and AIFs, together the 'Funds'). 
	No regulator has determined that such Funds are suitable for any or all investors.
Information regarding the Funds is not directed at any person in any jurisdiction where it is illegal or unlawful to access and use such information.  Any
	information contained in this Website with respect to the Funds is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an invitation, offer or solicitation 
	to engage in any investment activity including to buy or sell any investment including any units in any Fund.
Any investment involves substantial risks.  The offering documents for each Fund contain risk warnings which are specific to the relevant Fund and which you 
	should consider carefully before taking any decision to invest.
The terms of any investment in a Fund are governed by the documents establishing such terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between the information on this 
	Website and the terms specified in, or established pursuant to, the documents establishing the terms of issue or contract, the terms so specified or determined shall 
	prevail.  An application for interests in any of the Funds should only be made having fully and carefully read the relevant prospectus, the latest financial reports 
	and other offering documents for the relevant Fund.
MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its or their directors, officers, employees or agents may have holdings in the Funds and/or underlying investments of the 
	Funds and may otherwise be interested in transactions in those Funds.  Further details about the policies that MacKay Shields has adopted in order to avoid or to 
	manage such conflicts in a way that ensures fair treatment for MacKay Shields’ clients are available from MacKay Shields on request.
The information within this Website pertaining to any Funds that are not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is available only to U.S. 
	persons who are 'Accredited Investors' as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 as amended (the 'Securities Act') that have a 
	pre-existing relationship with MacKay Shields.
	Securities in the United States and Canada distributed by NYLIFE Distributors LLC. 30 Hudson Street, Jersey City, NJ  07302.

	For Users in Canada: The information on this web site is not an offer to sell securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction of Canada.  In Canada, any offer or sale of securities or the provision of any advisory or investment fund manager services will be made only in accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws.  More specifically, any offer or sale of securities will be made in accordance with applicable exemptions to dealer and investment fund manager registration requirements, as well as under an exemption from the requirement to file a prospectus, and any advice given on securities will be made in reliance on applicable exemptions to adviser registration requirements. Where required, MacKay Shields LLC is relying on the “international adviser exemption” under National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations (“NI 31-103”), MacKay Shields LLC and MacKay Shields UK LLP are each relying on the “permitted client” exemption from the investment fund manager registration requirements under Multilateral Instrument 32-102 Registration Exemptions for Non-Resident Investment Fund Managers, and NYLIFE Distributors LLC, an affiliated broker-dealer, is registered as an “exempt market dealer” under applicable securities legislation and is relying on the “international dealer exemption” under NI 31-103.
	
Information on this Website
MacKay Shields has taken reasonable care to ensure that the information contained on this Website is accurate, current, complete, fit for its intended purpose 
	and compliant with applicable law and regulation as at the date of issue.  However, errors or omissions may occur due to circumstances beyond MacKay Shields’ 
	control and no warranty is given, or representation made, regarding the accuracy, validity or completeness of the information on this Website and no liability 
	is accepted by such persons for the accuracy or completeness of such information.  You must conduct your own due diligence and investigations rather than relying 
	on any of the information in this Website.  Any person who acts upon, or changes his or her investment position in reliance on, the information contained on this 
	Website does so entirely at his or her own risk.
Information posted on this Website is current only as at the date it is posted and may no longer be true or complete when viewed by you.  MacKay Shields cannot 
	guarantee that content will be accurate, complete and current at all times.  To the extent that any information on this Website relates to a third party, such 
	information has been provided by that third party and is the sole responsibility of such third party and MacKay Shields accepts no liability for such information.  
	All content on the Website is subject to modification from time to time without notice.  Please contact MacKay Shields (using the details here) for 
	further information regarding the validity of any information contained on this Website.
To the extent that this Website contains any expression of opinion or forecast, such opinion or forecast is based on sources believed by MacKay Shields 
	to be reliable, but is not guaranteed or warranted as to its current validity, accuracy or completeness.  Opinions expressed represent the opinions of MacKay Shields
	at the date of publication only, reflecting prevailing market conditions and certain assumptions (which may not prove to be valid), are subject to change and should 
	not be relied on by users of the Website.
Linked Websites
Links to websites operated by third parties are provided for information only and do not constitute any form of advice, endorsement or recommendation of such 
	websites or the material on them.  MacKay Shields accepts no responsibility for information contained on any other sites which can be accessed by hypertext link 
	from this Website or for these sites not being available at all times.  MacKay Shields has not reviewed, and will not review or update, such websites or information 
	and any use that you make of such websites and information is at your own risk.  Please note that when you click on any external site hypertext link you will leave 
	this Website.
Liability
No warranty is given that the contents of this Website are compatible with all computer systems or browsers or that this Website shall be available on an 
	uninterrupted basis.  MacKay Shields does not accept any liability for any damages or losses arising from changes or alterations made to this Website by 
	unauthorised third parties.
The internet is not a completely reliable transmission medium and neither MacKay Shields nor any of its affiliates accept any liability for any data 
	transmission errors such as data loss or damage or alteration of any kind or for the security or confidentiality of information transmitted across the internet
	to or from MacKay Shields or any of its affiliates.  Any such transmission of information is entirely at your own risk and any material downloaded from this 
	Website is downloaded at your own risk.
The information on this Website is provided 'as is'.  To the extent permitted by law, MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its and their directors, officers, 
	employees and agents expressly exclude all conditions, warranties, representations and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or 
	the law of equity.  MacKay Shields and its affiliates will only be liable to you in respect of any direct losses arising from your use of, or inability to use, 
	this Website in the event of MacKay Shields' negligence, wilful default or fraud.  In no event will MacKay Shields or any of its affiliates be liable to any 
	person for any indirect, special or consequential damages arising out of any use of, or inability to use, this Website or the information contained on it or on
	any other hyper-linked site including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or data on your equipment or otherwise, even 
	if MacKay Shields is expressly advised of the possibility or likelihood of such damages.  This does not affect MacKay Shields' liability for any loss or damage 
	which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude or restrict any duty or liability that MacKay Shields has to its clients under the 'regulatory system' in the 
	United Kingdom (as such term is defined in the FCA Rules), under applicable local regulatory rules or which may not be excluded or restricted as a matter of 
	applicable law.
Access
MacKay Shields reserves the right to suspend or withdraw access to any page(s) included on this Website without notice at any time and accepts no liability if, 
	for any reason, these pages are unavailable at any time or for any period.
Compliance with Law and Regulation
When using this Website you must comply with all applicable local, national and international laws including those related to data privacy, international 
	communications and exportation of technical or personal data.  It may be illegal to download the information contained on this Website in certain countries and 
	MacKay Shields, its affiliates and its and their directors, officers, employees and agents disclaim all responsibility if you download any information from this 
	Website in breach of any law or regulation of the country in which you reside.
Intellectual Property
The entire contents of this Website are subject to copyright with all rights reserved.  You may download or print individual sections of this Website for your 
	personal use without the prior written permission of MacKay Shields, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices; such permission shall be 
	deemed granted where this Website expressly permits for sharing on specifically designated social media platforms.  You may not reproduce (in whole or in part), transmit 
	(by electronic means or otherwise), modify, link into or use for any public or commercial purpose this Website without the prior written permission of
	MacKay Shields.  You must not transmit any virus, 'worm', 'Trojan horse', or other item of a destructive nature to this Website and it is your responsibility to 
	ensure that whatever you download or select for your use from this Website is free from such items.
Nothing on this Website should be construed as granting any licence or right in relation to any of our trademarks or those of our affiliated companies. All 
	trademarks, service marks, company names or logos are the property of their respective holders. The display of any trade names or trademarks on the Website
	does not imply that any licence has been granted to any third party in respect of the same.  Any use by you of these marks, names and/or logos may constitute an 
	infringement of the holders' rights.
The Internet
Please note that there is no guarantee that any e-mail sent by you will be received by us, or that the contents of any such e-mail will remain private
	during internet transmission.  Any information is sent at your own personal risk.
Data Protection
By using this Website, you are disclosing to MacKay Shields your country of residence and for EEA users, status as Professional Investor, Professional Client or Eligible 
	Counterparty.  MacKay Shields may also record your email address where you access factsheets relating to the performance of the Funds, and the IP address of 
	the device you use to access this Website.
MacKay Shields promises to treat personal information you disclose securely, fairly and lawfully and will only use that information: (i) to support your 
	interaction with MacKay Shields, including to ensure that the content of this Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device; and 
	(ii) for general internal research purposes, including to identify and analyse the nature of users of this Website.  In connection with the purposes above, 
	MacKay Shields may transfer your information to, and process your information in, countries in which the data protection laws may not offer an equivalent 
	level of protection for your personal information to the European Union.

Cookies
A 'cookie' is a small text file which is stored on your device when you visit a website.  Some cookies are deleted when you close down your browser.  These 
	are known as session cookies.  Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete them from your cache.  These are known as persistent cookies.
MacKay Shields uses persistent cookies to generate data on this Website's performance and analyse your use of this Website, including that you are a repeat 
	visitor to this Website and information about surveys you have completed and notifications you have seen and acknowledged.  MacKay Shields uses session cookies 
	to record your location and IP address, monitor the length of your browsing session and the pages you visit and monitor your response to surveys and 
	notifications MacKay Shields presents to you.
By using this Website, you agree that MacKay Shields can place the types of cookie described above on your device.  If you delete cookies relating to 
	this Website, MacKay Shields will not remember things about you, you will be treated as a first-time visitor the next time you visit this Website and MacKay
	Shields will not be able to tailor your experience of this Website.
Amendment
MacKay Shields may delete or make changes to these Terms and to the information contained on this Website at any time.  Where we make any changes to these 
	Terms, you will be required to accept such changes in order to continue to use the Website.  If you do not accept such revised Terms, you may no longer be able 
	to access this Website.
If any provision of these Terms is found by any court or authority of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or invalid under the laws of any 
	jurisdiction, the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of these Terms in that jurisdiction shall not be affected and the legality, validity 
	and enforceability of the whole of these Terms in any other jurisdiction shall not be affected.
Third Parties
For EEA Users: MacKay Shields and its affiliates shall have the benefit of the rights conferred on them by these Terms
	but otherwise no person who is not a party to these Terms may enforce its terms under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
Applicable Law & Jurisdiction
For U.S. Users: Your use and access of this Website shall be governed by New York law, without giving effect to its 
	conflict of law principles. You hereby agree that any legal action arising out of or relating to this Website shall be brought only in the federal or state 
	courts in the State of New York. You hereby agree that jurisdiction and venue are proper in such courts.
For EEA Users: This Website and its terms and conditions are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with 
	English law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Contact Us
If you have any enquiries in relation to this Website or the information on it, please contact MacKay Shields at 
	answers@mackayshields.com or by calling +1-212-230-3805.





I Agree✓


Decline✗

 




New York Life Insurance Company
New York Life Investment Management
MainStay Investments


© MacKay Shields 2017
An affiliate of New York Life Investment Management Holdings LLC
Terms of Use
Contact Us




















 





MACKAY MUNICIPAL SHORT TERM OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MACKAY MUNICIPAL SHORT TERM OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P.
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Mackay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-12-08. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  other investment fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 6



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MACKAY MUNICIPAL SHORT TERM OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




mackay municipal short term opportunities fund, l.p.


9 WEST 57TH STREET

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10019


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-320-3893







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 12/08/2016
D/A filed on 12/11/2015
D/A filed on 12/11/2014
D/A filed on 12/11/2013
D/A filed on 12/13/2012
D filed on 10/14/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-12-08
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
837,545,184
INDEFINITE


2015-12-11
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
743,240,000
INDEFINITE


2014-12-11
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
656,000,000
INDEFINITE


2013-12-11
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
492,700,000
INDEFINITE


2012-12-13
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
216,535,000
INDEFINITE


2011-10-14
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
30,000,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




JOHN MICHAEL  LOFFREDO

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



MACKAY MUNICIPAL SHORT TERM OPPORTUNITIES FUND, GP LLC   N/A

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



MACKAY SHIELDS LLC   N/A

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



N/A   MACKAY MUNICIPAL SHORT TERM OPPORTUNITIES FUND GP LLC, AS GENERAL PARTNER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   MACKAY MUNICIPAL SHORT TERM OPPORTUNITIES FUND, GP LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   MACKAY SHIELDS LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



ROBERT ALAN  DIMELLA

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 



MacKay Municipal Managers Announces Top Five Municipal Market Insights for 2016 | Business Wire


























































MacKay Municipal Managers Announces Top Five Municipal Market 
      Insights for 2016




“Liquidity Wars” Require Active Management and May Create 
      Investment Opportunities in 2016






January 07, 2016 10:02 AM Eastern Standard Time



PRINCETON, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--MacKay Municipal Managers™, the municipal bond team of fixed 
      income investment advisory firm MacKay Shields LLC, today delivered its 
      top five municipal market insights for 2016. Key highlights include:
    


Market Disruptions Likely – Both Probability and Severity will be 
        Elevated.Active management of municipal assets will be 
        essential, as we expect market volatility to rise. We believe 
        uncertainty tied to the timing and degree of The Federal Reserve 
        Board’s policy adjustments will cause disruptions along the yield 
        curve. Global economic conditions will likely blur the outlook in the 
        United States and further contribute to market dislocations. In our 
        view, selected credit events in the municipal market, while 
        anticipated, will generate incremental volatility.
      

Market Technicals to Drive Returns - Technical Conditions to Play a 
        Greater Role.We believe supply, demand, and bond structure 
        will impact returns to a much greater degree than in the recent past. 
        We expect the municipal market to feel the effects of technical 
        conditions in other markets, as investors react to changing conditions 
        across their entire portfolios.
      

Revenue Bonds Outperform – Defined Revenue Streams Preferred Over 
        Pension Uncertainty.We believe investors will gravitate to 
        the well-defined cash flow streams securing revenue bonds and away 
        from general obligation debt. Pension issues will likely continue to 
        cause uncertainty over the fiscal health of general obligation 
        issuers. New Governmental Accounting Standards Board reporting 
        standards may reveal that state and local governments, even those that 
        have previously addressed their pension issues, still face risks or 
        remain under funded.
      

Transportation Sector Outperforms – Spending and Usage to Increase.The 
        2015 Federal Transportation Bill provides five years of funding for 
        much-needed infrastructure programs. Election-year positioning should 
        motivate Congressional support for legislation that promotes job-heavy 
        projects. In addition, we believe continued economic growth and low 
        energy prices will lead to higher usage of toll roads, airports, and 
        other port facilities.
      

High-Yield Municipals to SPRING Ahead, But Then Investors Should 
        FALL Back to Investment Grade.We believe high yield 
        municipal bonds should outperform during the first half of the year, 
        as investor demand for yield continues. However, in the latter part of 
        the year, we believe investment grade should outperform, as the 
        flattening yield curve causes refundings to accelerate. Active 
        management will be essential to capturing the performance in the 
        relative-value shift.
      


      “The key to managing municipal portfolios in 2016 is being cognizant of 
      the movements that influence municipal liquidity. We must take into 
      account factors such as more aggressive cash flow demands on municipal 
      mutual funds and the credit implications of lesser liquidity that will 
      impact trading behavior. Given these market dynamics, we believe our 
      approach to managing liquidity in 2016 will create investment 
      opportunities,” explained MacKay Municipal Managers™ co-heads 
      John Loffredo and Robert DiMella.
    

      MacKay Municipal Managers™ manages $14.5 billion as of 
      November 30, 2015. MacKay Municipal Managers™ is subadvisor 
      to the MainStay 
      High Yield Municipal Bond Fund (MMHAX, MMHIX), which was recently 
      recognized by Money Magazine as a best-in-class fund for 2015 in the 
      “Tax Exempt Bond Category”.
    

      The team also subadvises the MainStay 
      Tax Free Bond Fund (MTBAX, MTBIX), MainStay 
      Tax Advantaged Short Term Bond Fund (MSTAX, MSTIX), MainStay 
      California Tax Free Opportunities Fund (MSCAX, MCOIX) and the MainStay 
      New York Tax Free Opportunities Fund (MNOAX, MNOIX). The team is 
      co-headed by John Loffredo and Robert DiMella, who have worked together 
      for over 20 years managing municipal bonds, including investment grade, 
      high-yield and state-specific strategies.
    

      To view the full year outlook, please visit: https://www.nylinvestments.com/mainstay/products-and-performance/tax-advantaged-solutions.
    

About MainStay Investments


      With $87.64 billion in assets under management as of November 30, 2015, 
      across retail mutual funds, exchange traded funds (ETFs) and variable 
      product sub-accounts, MainStay Investments is the mutual fund and ETF 
      distribution arm of New York Life Insurance Company. MainStay provides 
      access to a powerful mix of autonomous, institutional investment 
      managers, delivered by experienced professionals who understand the 
      needs of today's investors. For more information on MainStay 
      Investments, please visit www.mainstayinvestments.com.
    

      MainStay Investments® is a registered service mark and name under which 
      New York Life Investment Management LLC does business.
    

About MacKay Shields LLC


      MacKay Shields LLC (“MacKay”) serves as the Fund’s investment 
      subadvisor. MacKay is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of New York 
      Life Insurance Company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of New York Life 
      Investment Management Holdings LLC. MacKay is a fixed-income focused 
      investment management firm with $91.1 billion in assets under management 
      as of November 30, 2015. MacKay manages fixed income strategies for 
      high-net worth individuals, institutional clients and mutual funds, 
      including unconstrained bond, global high yield, high yield, high yield 
      active core, municipal high yield, short duration high yield, low 
      volatility high yield, municipal short term, core investment grade, 
      municipal investment grade, core plus, core plus opportunities, 
      convertibles, emerging markets credit, and bank loans.
    

For more information about MainStay Funds®, call 800-MAINSTAY 
      (624-6782) for a prospectus or summary prospectus. Investors are asked 
      to consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses 
      of the investment carefully before investing. The prospectus or summary 
      prospectus contains this and other information about the investment 
      company. Please read the prospectus or summary prospectus carefully 
      before investing.


      The MainStay Funds® are managed by New York Life Investment Management 
      LLC and distributed by NYLIFE Distributors LLC, 169 Lackawanna Avenue, 
      Parsippany, NJ 07054, a wholly owned subsidiary of New York Life 
      Insurance Company. NYLIFE Distributors LLC is a Member FINRA/SIPC.
    

      MainStay Investments® is a registered service mark and name under which 
      New York Life Investment Management LLC does business. MainStay 
      Investments, an indirect subsidiary of New York Life Insurance Company, 
      New York, NY 10010, provides investment advisory products and services.
    

      Definitions:
    

      Flattening yield curve occurs when yields on long-term Treasury bonds 
      are falling faster than yields on short-term Treasury bonds. The area 
      between the yields on short-term bonds and long-term bonds decreases, 
      making the yield curve appear less steep.
    

      Yield curve is a line that plots the interest rates of bonds with equal 
      credit quality, but different maturity dates.
    

      Active management is the use of a human element, such as a single 
      manager, co-managers or a team of managers, to actively manage a fund’s 
      portfolio. Active management strategies typically have higher fees then 
      passive management.
    

      Revenue bonds are municipal bonds that finance income-producing projects 
      and are secured by a specified revenue source.
    

      General obligation bond is a municipal bond backed by the credit and 
      “taxing power” of the issuing jurisdiction rather than the revenue from 
      a given project.
    

      About risk:
    

      Mutual funds are subject to market risk and will fluctuate in value.
    

      A portion of a municipal fund’s income may be subject to state and local 
      taxes or the Alternative Minimum Tax. Funds that invest in bonds are 
      subject to interest-rate risk and can lose principal value when interest 
      rates rise. Bonds are also subject to credit risk, in which the bond 
      issuer may fail to pay interest and principal in a timely manner. 
      High-yield securities (commonly referred to as “junk bonds”) are 
      generally considered speculative because they present a greater risk of 
      loss than higher-quality debt securities and may be subject to greater 
      price volatility. High-yield municipal bonds may be subject to increased 
      liquidity risk as compared to other high-yield debt securities.
    

      Municipal securities risks include the ability of the issuer to repay 
      the obligation, the relative lack of information about certain issuers, 
      and the possibility of future tax and legislative changes which could 
      affect the market for and value of municipal securities. Such 
      uncertainties could cause increased volatility in the municipal 
      securities market and could negatively impact the Fund’s net asset value 
      and/or the distributions paid by the Fund. Securities purchased by the 
      Fund that are liquid at the time of purchase may subsequently become 
      illiquid due to events relating to the issuer of the securities, market 
      events, economic conditions, or investor perceptions.
    

      This material contains the opinions of the MacKay Municipal Managers™ 
      team of MacKay Shields LLC but not necessarily those of MacKay Shields 
      LLC. The opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. 
      This material is distributed for informational purposes only. Forecasts, 
      estimates, and opinions contained herein should not be considered as 
      investment advice or a recommendation of any particular security, 
      strategy or investment product. Information contained herein has been 
      obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but not guaranteed. Any 
      forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and 
      MacKay Shields assumes no duty and does not undertake to update 
      forward-looking statements. No part of this document may be reproduced 
      in any form, or referred to in any other publication, without express 
      written permission of MacKay Shields LLC. ©2015, MacKay Shields LLC.
    




Contacts

      New York Life Insurance CompanyAllison Scott, 212-576-4517allison_scott@newyorklife.comorKevin 
      Maher, 212-576-6955kevin_b_maher@newyorklife.com













Contacts

      New York Life Insurance CompanyAllison Scott, 212-576-4517allison_scott@newyorklife.comorKevin 
      Maher, 212-576-6955kevin_b_maher@newyorklife.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P.  Funding details


MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001532022IRS Number: 453041041Address: 9 WEST 57TH STREET  NEW YORK 10019Phone number: 212-320-3893



Latest news
MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P. raised $837,545,184 from 79 investors on 2016-12-08.



MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-08Amended Form DIndefinite$837,545,184Indefinite$5,000,0007906b 3C.7[SEC Filing]The figure has been calculated from inception through November 2016.2015-12-11Amended Form DIndefinite$743,240,000Indefinite$5,000,0007206b 3C.7[SEC Filing]This figure has been calculated from inception through December 2015.2014-12-11Amended Form DIndefinite$656,000,000Indefinite$5,000,0006006b 3C.7[SEC Filing]This figure has been calculated from inception through December 2014.2013-12-11Amended Form DIndefinite$492,700,000Indefinite$5,000,0004506b 3C.7[SEC Filing]This figure has been calculated from inception through December 2013.2012-12-13Amended Form DIndefinite$216,535,000Indefinite$5,000,0002706 3C.7[SEC Filing]This figure has been calculated from inception through December 1, 2012.2011-10-14New Form DIndefinite$30,000,000Indefinite$5,000,000106 3C.7[SEC Filing]
MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P. raised $1,330,245,184 in total.



Directors and Executives of MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Key People in MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P.:

N/A MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund GP John LoffredoRobert DiMellaN/A MacKay Shields LLCMacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, GP N/AMacKay Shields LLC N/AN/A MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, GP
Similar companiesMACKAY MUNICIPAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND LP, MACKAY MUNICIPAL OPPORTUNITIES MASTER FUND LP, MacKay Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund LP, MACKAY MUNICIPAL CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES MASTER FUND LP, MacKay Shields Core Plus / Opportunities Fund LP, MacKay Shields Core Plus Opportunities Fund Ltd., MacKay Shields Defensive Bond Arbitrage Fund Ltd., MacKay Shields High Yield Active Core Fund LP, MACKAY SHIELDS STATUTORY TRUST, MacKay Shields Core Fixed Income Fund LP, MacKay Shields Core Plus Opportunities Portfolio, a sub-fund of Plainview Funds plc, MacKay Shields Emerging Markets Credit Portfolio, a sub-fund of Plainview Funds plc








Last visited companies: Futurelytics Inc., GLOBAL PHOTONIC ENERGY CORP, Gentry Technology Fund I LLC - Series B-15, Gentry Technology Fund I LLC - Series B-16, Gentry-Aquion Energy Investment I LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.


















MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P.


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Hedge Fund






Institutional Investors

Hedge Funds

MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P.





















MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P.
is  a Delaware Hedge Fund located in New York,
New York.  
 

It was founded on Thursday, March 10, 2011.






1345 Avenue of the Americas
New York,
New York, 
10105 
United States
Phone: (212) 320-3893




Inception Date2011-03-10
Minimum Investment5.00M
CIK0001532022
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 13:20:07.314077
NameMacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Latest Filing2016-12-08
As of Date2016-12-08
Inception2011-03-10
EIN453041041
Form D File Number021-167279
Private Fund ID805-9701666494
Legal Entity TypeLimited Partnership











Statements



Portfolio


Beneficial Owners


Private Investors


Commitments and Contributions






Advisers



Fund Managers: 1












03-17




Portfolios
218.84M











03-17




Beneficial Owners
40.00











12-16
12-15
12-14




Investors
79.00
72.00
60.00











12-16
12-15
12-14




Commitments/Contributions
837.55M
743.24M
656.00M







Fund Managers: 2016-12-08



MacKay Shields LLC
Delaware
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC












MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Di Mella  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









MacKay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1345 Avenue Of The Americas 43rd Floor 
    New York, NY, 10105Phone: 212-320-3893 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-08


Amended


$837,545,184


$94,305,184


Equity Only


06b 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-12-11


Amended


$743,240,000


$87,240,000


Equity Only


06b 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-12-11


Amended


$656,000,000


$163,300,000


Equity Only


06b 3C.7


SEC link




	2013-12-11


Amended


$492,700,000


$276,165,000


Equity Only


06b 3C.7


SEC link




	2012-12-13


Amended


$216,535,000


$186,535,000


Equity Only


06 3C.7


SEC link




	2011-10-14


New


$30,000,000


$30,000,000


Equity Only


06 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Robert Alan Di Mella 
 Executive 


 John Michael Loffredo 
 Executive 


 N/A Mac Kay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund Gp Llc, As General Partner 
 Executive 


 N/A Mac Kay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, Gp Llc 
 Executive 


 N/A N/A Mac Kay Shields Llc 
 Promoter 


 Mac Kay Municipal Short Term Opportunities Fund, Gp Llc N/A 
 Executive 


 Mac Kay Shields Llc N/A 
 Promoter 
















MacKay Municipal Managers On Target for Puerto Rico































MacKay Municipal Managers1: On Target for Puerto Rico
Often sought after by the media to share their views, this award-winning2MacKay Municipal Managers was named the 2016 Top Manager in the Municipal Fixed Income Category by Institutional Investor. A list of top-performing managers in 39 asset classes was identified by Institutional Investor Magazine’s editorial and research teams, based on data provided by eVestment. Award based on track record of institutional strategies. For a detailed explanation on award methodology, visit usinvestmentawards.com. team has had a knack for identifying potential opportunities as well as risks in the municipal bond market.
In recent years, Puerto Rico has experienced difficult financial and economic conditions, which may negatively affect the value of MainStay’s municipal bond funds’ offerings in Puerto Rico municipal securities. The majority of the funds’ holdings in Puerto Rico municipals are insured. Bond insurance guarantees that the interest and principal will be paid on time if the issuer is unable to do so or defaults. Drawbacks of insurance include: the issuer pays an insurance premium for the coverage, and the cost is passed on to investors in the form of a lower interest rate; insurance does not guarantee that a bond will reach a certain price in the marketplace; an insured bond is still subject to changing interest rates, which affect the bond price inversely; and investors take on the risk of the creditworthiness of the insurer.
The timeline below shows how these portfolio managers have navigated the events of Puerto Rico, helping to contribute to the attractive historical results of our MainStay municipal bond fund offerings3Puerto Rico Holdings as of 7/29/16: MainStay Tax Free Bond Fund: 7.1%; MainStay High Yield Municipal Bond Fund: 10.7%; MainStay California Tax Free Opportunities Fund: 3.7%; MainStay New York Tax Free Opportunities Fund: 4.1%; MainStay Tax Advantaged Short Term Bond Fund: 3.3%..








 
2012









May 2012
BLOOMBERG BRIEFS
"A Boutique Has 'a Huge Advantage' in  Munis, says DiMella."
by Brian Chappatta



BLOOMBERG
"...almost $4 billion of bonds backed by appropriations from the Legislature will have to be restructured."
- John Loffredo
"Investors Love Puerto Rico while Pension Bomb Ticks: Muni Credit" by Martin Braun & Michelle Kaske







2013



August 2013
Barron's
"...an investment in Puerto Rico is not the most prudent thing to do." - John Loffredo
"Troubling Winds" by Andrew Bary






September 2013
CNBC
"We sold in 2012 and we've stayed out. We still believe, based upon how the economy is declining in Puerto Rico, that we could see a restructuring happening over the next five years." - John Loffredo
"Are Muni Bonds a Risky Bet?"










2014








March 2014
FOX BUSINESS
"...the good news will be short-lived. ...the debt sale buys Puerto Rico some time, but not much."- Robert DiMella
"For Puerto Rico Debt, Good News May Be Short-Lived" by Adam Shapiro



CNBC
"They are going to have to roll over debt, most likely again later this year, and this is what we've been telling clients, that this is really a speculative grade credit." - Robert DiMella
"The Risks of Buying Puerto Rico's Bonds"






June 2014
REUTERS
"[Dimella] questioned the credit ratings of Puerto Rico sales-tax based COFINA bonds, because they are not higher quality than Puerto Rico's general obligation bonds." - Cate Long
"Talking to Robert DiMella of MacKay Shields" by Cate Long


 
 



2015



February 2015
CNBC
"Puerto Rico has a lot of issues...There's ways of investing in there, but you have to be very active and understand the nuances of the credits." - Robert DiMella
"Tempted by Puerto Rico Bonds? Be Careful, Expert Warns"by Kerima Greene






July 2015
BLOOMBERG
"We've been actively participating in AA rated insured muni bonds that are triple tax-exempt that we believe are mispriced." - John Loffredo
"Puerto Rico Insured Debt at 76 Cents Lures Muni Buyers to Island" by Brian Chappatta & Michelle Kaske













 


2016




January 2016
BLOOMBERG RADIO
"We had a Q&A with [MacKay Municipal Managers] in the Muni BRIEF in May 2012, and John Loffredo said that they think that the Puerto Rico appropriation bonds will have to be restructured. We know what’s happening there now. Seven cents on the dollar. Do you want to take a guess where the bonds were trading when that Q&A was published? 105 cents on the dollar. So that’s pretty crazy to me. That’s a pretty amazing prediction."- Kate Smith & Brian Chappatta
“Story Behind the Story: 2016 Predictions” by Kate Smith & Brian Chappatta



June 2016
BARRON'S
"Investors want to see three things: a debt restructuring, movement toward a balanced budget, and progress on dealing with Puerto Rico’s estimated pension-fund liability of $41 billion." - John Loffredo
“Best Ways to Bet on Puerto Rico Now” by Andrew Bary



PROMESA BILL
President Obama signs the Promesa Bill to help Puerto Rico get out of its massive economic crisis.






May 2016
BARRON'S
"Most everyone agrees that Congress needs to act to create an oversight board that gives Puerto Rico the regulatory and legal framework to restructure its debts and put the economy on a more sustainable path…Without a powerful board, it will be tough to achieve a comprehensive restructuring." - John Loffredo
“Puerto Rican Debt Crisis Is Coming to a Head” by Andrew Bary


 










 





MacKay Municipal Managers’ active management approach has delivered compelling results and highly rated2 municipal bond fund solutions.







MacKay Municipal Managers’ active management approach has delivered compelling results and highly rated2 municipal bond fund solutions.




Learn about MainStay's Tax-Advantaged  Income Solutions

MainStay Tax Free Bond Fund (MTBAX, MTBIX)
MainStay High Yield Municipal Bond Fund (MMHAX, MMHIX)
MainStay Tax Advantaged Short Term Bond Fund (MSTAX, MSTIX)
MainStay California Tax Free Opportunities Fund (MSCAX, MCOIX)
MainStay New York Tax Free Opportunities Fund (MNOAX, MNOIX)



1. MacKay Municipal Managers is the municipal portfolio management team of MacKay Shields LLC. 
      

       2. MacKay Municipal Managers was named the 2016 Top Manager in the Municipal Fixed Income Category by Institutional Investor. A list of top-performing managers in 39 asset classes was identified by Institutional Investor Magazine’s editorial and research teams, based on data provided by eVestment. Award based on track record of institutional strategies. For a detailed explanation on award methodology, visit usinvestmentawards.com.
3. Puerto Rico Holdings as of 7/29/16: MainStay Tax Free Bond Fund: 7.1%; MainStay High Yield Municipal Bond Fund: 10.7%; MainStay California Tax Free Opportunities Fund: 3.7%; MainStay New York Tax Free Opportunities Fund: 4.1%; MainStay Tax Advantaged Short Term Bond Fund: 3.3%.
Before you invest
MainStay Tax Free Bond Fund, MainStay High Yield Municipal Bond Fund, MainStay California Tax Free Opportunities Fund, MainStay New York Tax Free Opportunities Fund, MainStay Tax Advantaged Short Term Bond Fund – A portion of the Funds’ income may be subject to state and local taxes or the alternative minimum tax. The Funds may invest in derivatives, which may increase the volatility of the Funds’ net asset value and may result in a loss to the Funds. Funds that invest in bonds are subject to interest-rate risk and can lose principal value when interest rates rise. Bonds are also subject to credit risk, in which the bond issuer may fail to pay interest and principal in a timely manner.
MainStay High Yield Municipal Bond Fund and MainStay New York Tax Free Opportunities Fund – Investing in below investment grade securities may carry a greater risk of nonpayment of interest or principal than higher-rated bonds. 
MainStay Tax Advantaged Short Term Bond Fund – The Fund is not a money market fund and does not attempt to maintain a stable net asset value. The Fund’s net asset value per share will fluctuate. There can be no guarantee that the Fund will achieve or maintain any particular level of yield. Foreign securities are subject to interest rate, currency exchange rate, economic, and political risks. These risks may be greater for emerging markets. The principal risk of mortgage dollar rolls is that the security the Fund receives at the end of the transaction may be worth less than the security the Fund sold to the same counterparty at the beginning of the transaction. The principal risk of mortgage-related and asset-backed securities is that the underlying debt may be prepaid ahead of schedule, if interest rates fall, thereby reducing the value of the fund’s investment. If interest rates rise, less of the debt may be prepaid and the fund may lose money. 
MainStay Tax Advantaged Short Term Bond Fund, MainStay California Tax Free Opportunities Fund and MainStay New York Tax Free Opportunities Fund – Municipal bond risks include the ability of the issuer to repay the obligation, the relative lack of information about certain issuers, and the possibility of future tax and legislative changes, which could affect the market for and value of municipal securities.
MainStay California Tax Free Opportunities Fund and MainStay New York Tax Free Opportunities Fund – Because the Funds invests primarily in municipal bonds issued by or on behalf of the State of California or the State of New York, respectively, and its political subdivisions, agencies, and instrumentalities, events in California or New York are likely to affect the Fund’s investments and performance. These events may include fiscal or political policy changes, tax base erosion, and state constitutional limits on tax increases, budget deficits, and other financial difficulties. California or New York may experience financial difficulties due to the economic environment. Any deterioration of California or New York’s fiscal situation and economic situation of its municipalities could cause greater volatility and increase the risk of investing in California or New York.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results, which will vary.
For more information about MainStay Funds®, call 800-MAINSTAY (624-6782) for a prospectus or summary prospectus. Investors are asked to consider the objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the investment carefully before investing. The prospectus or summary prospectus contains this and other information about the investment company. Please read the prospectus or summary prospectus carefully before investing.
MacKay Shields LLC is a federally registered investment advisor and an affiliate of New York Life Investments.
MainStay Investments® is a registered service mark and name under which New York Life Investment Management LLC does business. MainStay Investments, an indirect subsidiary of New York Life Insurance Company, New York, NY 10010, provides investment advisory products and services. The MainStay Funds® are managed by New York Life Investment Management LLC, and distributed by NYLIFE Distributors LLC, 30 Hudson Street, Jersey City, NJ 07302, a wholly owned subsidiary of New York Life Insurance Company. NYLIFE Distributors LLC is a Member FINRA/SIPC.
1711943

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Short-Term Bond Fund (PRWBX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Short-Term Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRWBX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$4.72
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								1.18%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$4.70
							
							-
							
								$4.75
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$4,953.49

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Short-Term Bond Fund among 
450,
450,
376
and 
261
Short-Term Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks a high level of income consistent with minimal fluctuation in principal value and liquidity.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/25/2017)
								
							



						
						
							1.77%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.53%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.53%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					1.04%
				
			

				
					1.04%
				
			


3 Years

				
					0.96%
				
			

				
					0.96%
				
			


5 Years

				
					1.06%
				
			

				
					1.06%
				
			


10 Years

				
					2.50%
				
			

				
					2.50%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 5.04%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							5.04%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							March 2, 1984
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.47%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.47%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Tue Jul 25 23:14:00 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                









