


Wharton Alumni Club of New York




 






















 






William Mack, W �61
2008 Joseph Wharton Award for Lifetime Achievement


William Mack, W ’61
Founder and Managing Partner
			Apollo Real Estate Advisors

			For the past 50 years, William L. Mack has been putting together real estate deals, financing, developing and revitalizing projects in the United States and around the globe. Starting with a single five and a half acre site in North Bergen, New Jersey, he and his companies have now built, acquired or invested in tens of millions of square feet of office buildings, residential, retail and industrial properties and hotels in 20 countries. 
			

			In New York, where he was the co-developer through Apollo Real Estate Advisors, of the dramatic new Time Warner Center at Columbus Circle, he has also been one of the city’s key civic leaders. His work on behalf of the city and state includes his participation in the 42nd Street Redevelopment as a member of the Empire State Development Corporation (formerly the Urban Development Corporation); his critical role as Chairman of the entity that completed construction and ultimately turned around the once-troubled Jacob K. Javits Convention Center project; and his leadership as the first Chairman of the Long Island Power Authority at a time when issues related to the Shoreham power plant caused major upheaval in that community’s energy market. 
			

			A product of New York’s public schools, Mr. Mack graduated from Brooklyn Technical High School in 1957. He studied engineering at the University of Pennsylvania and business and finance at the Wharton School, before graduating in 1962 from New York University’s School of Business with a degree in Business Administration. 
			

			After serving in the Air Force, he began his real estate career in the early 1960s, starting with that single North Bergen property, which his company still owns today. Over the next few years, he became a significant developer, building over 10 million square feet of industrial, distribution and warehouse space throughout New Jersey. In the 1970s, he was one of the pioneers in the development of large, suburban office buildings, virtually creating a new segment of the real estate market and providing new alternatives for some of the region’s largest companies. 
			

			Over the succeeding decades, as the economy has seen peaks and valleys, Mr. Mack’s real estate horizons have continued to expand, to include holdings in New York, New Jersey, Florida, Arizona and Texas in the US and in countries around the world. 
			

			In 1993, he launched the first Apollo Real Estate Investment Fund, now a series of funds and real estate investments, which have raised $12 billion in equity and invested approximately $50 billion in properties around the world, including the United States, United Kingdom, France, the Netherlands, Germany, Belgium, Russia, Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Estonia. The Funds’ investments include office and retail facilities, hotels, multi-family residential properties, mortgage securities, housing companies, land investments and private real estate companies. 
			

			He is Chairman of Mack – Cali Realty Corporation, a publicly traded Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT), a position he assumed after serving as Chairman of the company’s Executive Committee since 1997. Mack – Cali has a total market capitalization of approximately $5 billion and owns and operates a portfolio of Class A office and office/flex buildings located principally in suburban New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. 
			

			The Mack Organization, founded in 1963, continues today to develop and invest in warehouse facilities in locations around the United States. 
			

			Known for his integrity, intelligence and insightful approach to business, Mr. Mack has also been a leading philanthropist. He is the Vice Chair of the University of Pennsylvania Board of Trustees, and serves on the Executive Committee and the Board of Overseers of the Wharton School. He has also founded the Mack Center for Technological Innovation at Wharton, a program to help companies develop the best strategies to compete and succeed in industries being transformed by emerging technologies. 
			

			Mr. Mack currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation, a Board Member of the Regional Advisory Board of JP Morgan Chase. He is also on the Executive Committee and is a Vice Chairman of the Board of North-Shore Long Island Jewish Health System. His business acumen is well recognized in his service on a number of corporate boards, including a former Director of Wyndham International, Inc., a former Director of The Bear Stearns Companies, Inc., and a former Director of Vail Resorts, Inc. 
			

			He lives in New York, with his wife of over 44 years, Phyllis. They have two sons, Richard and Stephen, and three grandchildren. 
			




 
 







 




























William L. Mack, a Valued Member of Our Real Estate Team | Mack-Cali

















search






investors

Company Overview
Events / Presentations
Company Filings
Quotes and Charts
Dividends
DRSP Plan
Analyst Coverage
Corporate Governance
Office Market Overview
Top Tenants
FAQs
About REITs


news
careers
contact









PROPERTY SEARCH

Open menu









Board of Directors - William L. Mack


 Go Back




William L. Mack
Chairman of the Board of Directors, Mack-Cali Realty Corporation; Chairman, Mack Real Estate Group; President and Senior Managing Partner, The Mack Company; and former Managing Partner, AREA Property Partners                        


William L. Mack has served as a member of the Board of Directors since 1997. In addition, he is its chairman.
Prior to December 1997, he served as president and senior managing partner of The Mack Company, where he pioneered the development of large, class A office properties and helped to increase The Mack Company's portfolio to approximately 20 million square feet. In addition, Mr. Mack is a founder and chairman of Mack Real Estate Group. He also founded and was the former chairman of AREA Property Partners (f/k/a Apollo Real Estate Advisors, L.P.).
Mr. Mack currently serves as a member of the board of directors of FCB Financial Holdings (formerly Florida Community Bank, N.A.), and Hudson’s Bay Company.
Mr. Mack previously served as a member of the boards of directors of Retail Opportunity Investments Corporation from 2009 to 2010; City and Suburban Financial Corporation from 1988 to 2007; The Bear Stearns Companies Inc., from 1997 to 2004; Vail Resorts, Inc., from 1993 to 2004; and Wyndham International, Inc., from 1999 to 2005. Additionally he previously served as a board member of the Regional Advisory Board of JP Morgan Chase.
Mr. Mack is a vice chairman of Northwell Health Inc. and chairman of the board for the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation. He also is chairman of the Board of Overseers of The Wharton School of Business and Finance at the University of Pennsylvania and Trustee Emeritus of the University of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Mack attended The Wharton School and has a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, and Finance and Real Estate from New York University. 





Executive Team

















William L. Mack - Wikipedia





















 






William L. Mack

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the Ontario politician, see William Mack.


William "Bill" L. Mack





Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta


In office
March 14, 1979 – November 1, 1982


Preceded by
Bert Hohol


Succeeded by
Walter Szwender


Constituency
Edmonton-Belmont





Personal details


Born
April 1, 1924


Died
February 17, 2009(2009-02-17) (aged 84)


Political party
Progressive Conservative


William "Bill" L. Mack (April 1, 1924 - February 17, 2009) was a provincial level politician from Alberta, Canada. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1979 to 1982.
Political career[edit]
He attended and graduated from Brooklyn Technical High School.[1] Mack ran for a seat to the Alberta Legislature in the 1979 Alberta general election. He won the electoral district of Edmonton-Belmont by a wide margin to hold it for the governing Progressive Conservative party[2]
Mack retired from provincial politics at dissolution of the assembly in 1982. He died on February 17, 2009.[3]
References[edit]



^ http://www.bths.edu/apps/events2/event.jsp?eREC_ID=231312&d=2017-02-20&id=20
^ "Edmonton-Belmont results 1979". Alberta Heritage Community Foundation. Retrieved November 15, 2009. 
^ https://www.assembly.ab.ca/ISYS/LADDAR_files%5Cdocs%5Chansards%5Chan%5Clegislature_27%5Csession_2%5C20090218_1330_01_han.pdf |chapter-url= missing title (help) (PDF). Parliamentary Debates (Hansard). Legislative Assembly of Alberta. February 18, 2009. p. 95. 



External links[edit]

Legislative Assembly of Alberta Members Listing





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=William_L._Mack&oldid=731334856"					
Categories: Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta MLAs1924 births2009 deathsBrooklyn Technical High School alumniHidden categories: Pages with citations having bare URLsPages using infobox officeholder with unknown parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2016, at 17:49.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








William Lawrence Mack: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 2:11 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Mack Real Estate Group



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
William Lawrence Mack  Founder and Chairman, Mack Real Estate GroupAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 9 Board Members in 9 different organizations across 11 different industries.See Board Relationships77--
Background

		Mr. William L. Mack, also known as Bill, serves as a Founding Partner at NRDC Equity Partners LLC. Mr. Mack is a founder at NRDC Real Estate Advisors, LLC and NRDC Equity Partners LLC. He was the Founder and Managing Partner at AREA Property Partners and served as its Chairman from 1993 to 2013. Mr. Mack also co-founded AREA in 1993 and serves as President of its corporate general partner. He serves as the President and Senior Managing Partner at The Mack Company. Beginning ... in 1969, Mr. Mack served as Managing Partner at the Mack Company, where he oversaw the dynamic growth of the firm's office, industrial and retail and hotel facilities. He pioneered the development of large, class A office properties and helped to increase The Mack Company's real estate portfolio to approximately 20 million square feet. Mr. Mack has extensive business experience, particularly in the area of real estate. He is the Founder at Mack Real Estate Group and serves as its Chairman. Mr. Mack has been the Chairman of the Board of Managers of Metropolis Realty Holdings LLC since May 2002. He has been the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation since 2000 and has been Member of the Board of Directors since 1997. Mr. Mack served as the Chairman of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. until October 20, 2009. He served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Metropolis Realty Trust since 1996 until its dissolution on December 30, 2002. Mr. Mack served as Vice Chairman of Board and Trustee of Northwell Health, Inc. He has been a Non-Executive Director of Hudson's Bay Company since January 2012. Mr. Mack has been an Independent Director of Florida Community Bank since September 1, 2010 and FCB Financial Holdings, Inc., since October 1, 2010. He serves as a Member of Advisory Board for International of Hypothekenbank Frankfurt Aktiengesellschaft. Mr. Mack serves as Member of the Board of Managers of Metropolis Realty Holdings LLC. He previously served as a board member of the Regional Advisory Board of JPMorgan Chase from 1995 to 2013. Mr. Mack served as a Director of City and Suburban Financial Corporation, from 1988 to 2007, Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. from 2007 to July 2010; Wyndham International, Inc. since June 1999 until 2005 and Vail Resorts Inc. from January 1993 to 2004. He served as a Director of The Bear Stearns Companies, LLC from 1997 to October 2004. Mr. Mack served as a Director of AREA Property Partners. He serves as Chairman of the Board of the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation. Mr. Mack serves as Vice Chairman of the Board of Overseers of The Wharton School of Business and Finance at the University of Pennsylvania. He serves as Trustee of Lenox Hill Hospital. Mr. Mack serves as a Trustee Emeritus of the Board of Trustees of University of Pennsylvania. He attended the Wharton School of Business and Finance at the University of Pennsylvania and received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from New York University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
--New York, New York --United StatesPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Chairman of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation - General PartnerMack Cali Realty LPTrusteeNorthwell Health, Inc.Chairman of the Board of ManagersMetropolis Realty Holdings LLCFounder and ChairmanMack Real Estate Group1997-PresentChairman of the Board of DirectorsMack-Cali Realty Corporation2010-PresentDirector & Director of Florida Community BankFCB Financial Holdings, Inc.2012-PresentNon-Executive DirectorHudson's Bay Company
Education
BSBA New York UniversityUnknown/Other Education University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School
Other Affiliations
Vail Resorts, Inc.The Bear Stearns Companies, LLCWind International, Inc.Mack-Cali Realty CorporationHudson's Bay CompanyAREA Property PartnersHypothekenbank Frankfurt AktiengesellschaftMack Cali Realty LPUniversity of PennsylvaniaNew York UniversityNorthwell Health, Inc.Lenox Hill HospitalUniversity of Pennsylvania - The Wharton SchoolMetropolis Realty Holdings LLCNRDC Equity PartnersRetail Opportunity Investments Corp.FCB Financial Holdings, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Mack Real Estate Group, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































William L. Mack




















































































   Quizzes | Lists | Trending  



Sign up / Login  



Feedback  


    

  William L. Mack  Topics |  Videos |  Discussion |  Write-ups

 
















 


  


  


 


 







 








Back to Top

© Revolvy, LLC

Mobile
Terms
Privacy
Contact








Paste Image Information Here:
×


Image:


Source:



Save changes









×





Cancel





...
×















×



Done
Cancel
By proceeding I agree to the Revolvy
terms of service and
     privacy policy.











OK
Cancel










OK
Cancel







×



OK
Cancel








×



OK
Cancel







×



OK
Cancel







×



Save

Cancel






×



OK
Clear
Cancel






×



OK
Clear
Cancel














William L Mack - Great Neck, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William L Mack in Great Neck, NY


William L Mack

                                                                           Intelius found that William L Mack  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Great Neck, NY.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                9 phones,
                and 14 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Willi  Mack


Get Report Now

Age

William L Mack is in his 70s

William Has Lived In

Great Neck, NY
Rochelle Park, NJ
New York, NY

William's Relatives

Stephen Mack
Woodbridge Mack
Piscataway Mack
Paramus Mack







William L Mack



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Board of Trustees Member at North Shore-lij Health System



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William L Mack
Get a Criminal Check on William L Mack
Get a Public Record Report on William L Mack
Get a People Search Report on William L Mack


William L Mack's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William L Mack has lived as well as William L Mack's phone numbers and email addresses.




William L Mack Has Lived in 2 States
New York Address for William L Mack


1 S******* D* N 

Great Neck, NY


Has Lived In

Great Neck, NY
Rochelle Park, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William L Mack

(631) ***-**** - Water Mill, NY 
(631) ***-**** - Water Mill, NY 
(631) ***-**** - Water Mill, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William L Mack



Get Email Report




William L Mack's Professional Information
Information regarding William L Mack's professional history.  Find out previous places William L Mack has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


William L Mack Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: North Shore-lij Health System
               Title: Board of Trustees Member
Company: North Shore-lij Health System
               Title: Vice Chairman
William L Mack's Experience
Title: Board of Trustees Member
               Company: North Shore-lij Health System
Job Details
               North Shore-LIJ - the largest healthcare provider in the region - offers an unparalleled spectrum of high-quality services to meet all of your needs. As the recipient of the National Quality Forum's 2010 National Quality Healthcare Award, we are committed to providing you with compassionate medical care in a safe, comfortable environment. Our extensive health system includes 15 hospitals across Long Island and in New York City, other world-class facilities, long-term care facilities and home health agencies. These resources are matched by a dedication to personalized healthcare provided by our more than 9,000 physicians, 10,000 nurses and other healthcare professionals using the latest technology and treatment methods. This easy-to-use website has been designed to:Help you find a physician. Introduce you to our programs, services and facilities; each hospital and facility has its own section where you can learn about available services as well as access patient and visitor information such as admissions procedures, visiting hours and campus mapsProvide disease and health information. As you visit our web pages, remember that we are available to help you find the information you need. If you need assistance, please contact us. Thank you for your interest in North Shore-LIJ. We look forward to serving you and your family.
Title: Vice Chairman
               Company: North Shore-lij Health System
Job Details
               North Shore-LIJ - the largest healthcare provider in the region - offers an unparalleled spectrum of high-quality services to meet all of your needs. As the recipient of the National Quality Forum's 2010 National Quality Healthcare Award, we are committed to providing you with compassionate medical care in a safe, comfortable environment. Our extensive health system includes 15 hospitals across Long Island and in New York City, other world-class facilities, long-term care facilities and home health agencies. These resources are matched by a dedication to personalized healthcare provided by our more than 9,000 physicians, 10,000 nurses and other healthcare professionals using the latest technology and treatment methods. This easy-to-use website has been designed to:Help you find a physician. Introduce you to our programs, services and facilities; each hospital and facility has its own section where you can learn about available services as well as access patient and visitor information such as admissions procedures, visiting hours and campus mapsProvide disease and health information. As you visit our web pages, remember that we are available to help you find the information you need. If you need assistance, please contact us. Thank you for your interest in North Shore-LIJ. We look forward to serving you and your family. 
Additional Professional Information on William L Mack

 See William L Mack's LinkedIn Profile



William L Mack's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William L Mack


William L Mack's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William L Mack's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Mack
Username Matches

                  WilliamMack
                  MackWilliam
                  William.Mack
                  Mack.William
                  William_Mack
                  Mack_William
                  William-Mack
                  Mack-William
                  WMack
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Mack







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











   William Mack | AREA Property Partners LP | ZoomInfo.com


Insider Trading - Mack William L - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Mack William L





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-10-05Option Award
2016-10-074:02 pm
N/AN/A
Mack Cali Realty Corp
CLI
Mack William LDirector
108
$25.67
18,558(Direct)
View


2016-07-06Option Award
2016-07-084:16 pm
N/AN/A
Mack Cali Realty Corp
CLI
Mack William LDirector
99
$27.74
18,450(Direct)
View


2016-04-05Option Award
2016-04-074:37 pm
N/AN/A
Mack Cali Realty Corp
CLI
Mack William LDirector
118
$23.09
18,351(Direct)
View


2016-03-08Option Award
2016-03-104:37 pm
N/AN/A
Mack Cali Realty Corp
CLI
Mack William LDirector
3,687
$0
35,834(Direct)
View


2016-02-23Option Award
2016-03-036:13 pm
N/A2026-02-23
Fcb Financial Holdings Inc
FCB
Mack William LDirector
10,000
$29.98
10,000(Direct)
View


2016-01-06Option Award
2016-01-084:16 pm
N/AN/A
Mack Cali Realty Corp
CLI
Mack William LDirector
120
$22.68
18,232(Direct)
View


2015-10-05Option Award
2015-10-074:56 pm
N/AN/A
Mack Cali Realty Corp
CLI
Mack William LDirector
136
$19.87
18,112(Direct)
View


2015-07-06Option Award
2015-07-084:19 pm
N/AN/A
Mack Cali Realty Corp
CLI
Mack William LDirector
142
$18.79
17,977(Direct)
View


2015-04-06Option Award
2015-04-084:01 pm
1988-08-081988-08-08
Mack Cali Realty Corp
CLI
Mack William LDirector
135
$19.61
17,834(Direct)
View


2015-02-10Option Award
2015-03-264:27 pm
N/A2025-02-10
Fcb Financial Holdings Inc
FCB
Mack William LDirector
10,000
$23.97
10,000(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sat, 22 Jul 2017 01:11:54 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  














William H. Mack | Phillips & Paolicelli LLP














 Call 1-855-220-6770


















Toggle navigation















William H. Mack

 LinkedIn
Bill Mack is a Partner at Phillips & Paolicelli, LLP, since 2016, where he specializes in product liability, consumer fraud, and personal injury litigation. Bill is also active in the firm’s class action and qui tam practice areas. Prior to joining Phillips & Paolicelli, he spent eight years practicing in the mass tort litigation division of a major international law firm, where he managed all aspects of complex litigation. He has also served as general counsel to two privately held companies.
Admitted to practice law in New York, Bill is also licensed to appear before the United States District Courts for the Southern and Eastern Districts of New York. He is a member of the Association of the Bar of the City of New York and the National Center for State Courts.
Graduating from the University of Pennsylvania in 2000, Bill earned his Bachelor of Arts degree magna cum laude in United States history. He received his Juris Doctor degree from the Columbia University School of Law in 2003, where he was a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar and Executive Director of the First Year Moot Court Program.
Also, Bill serves on the board of directors of several organizations, including the Jackson Gabriel Silver Foundation, which is dedicated to funding scientific research to cure Epidermolysis Bullosa, a rare genetic skin disorder.


Contact Us 









Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Your Telephone Number (required)
 
Subject
 
Your Message
 

Please leave this field empty.

Popular LinksMedical Malpractice
Birth Defects
Lead Poisoning Lawyers
 





Home
Attorneys
Practice Areas
Mission
Results

Birth Defects and Mass Torts


Blog
Contact
Legal Statement
 



    The material on this web site has been prepared and is copyrighted by Phillips & Paolicelli, LLP.
  












	William Mack & Associates, Inc.


























































   
Welcome!
Welcome to William Mack & Associates, Inc. (WMA) where, as a fiduciary and fee-only advisor, we place the interests of our clients before our own.  As a result, our clients receive objective and independent advice.  
WMA offers a unique holistic approach that answers the most common client question: "Are we doing everything we should be doing in order to achieve our goals?"
We have been providing highly personalized financial planning and investment management services for over 20 years.  We service families across multiple generations, providing high quality service and support to all family members, regardless of their level of personal wealth. 
In addition to multi-generational families, our clients include affluent individuals, corporate executives, health care and education professionals, and retirees.
Thank you for visiting our website.  We appreciate the opportunity to serve you.
 
       William Mack & Associates, Inc. is a Registered Investment Advisory Firm registered with the United States Securities and Exchange  Commission, Washington, D.C. In addition, the firm maintains a "Notice Filing" with the states of California, Michigan, Florida and Texas.  William Mack & Associates, Inc. may not provide investment advisory services to any resident of states in which the firm does not maintain a  notice filing. The presence of this website on the Internet shall in no direct or indirect fashion be construed or interpreted to suggest that the firm is offering to sell or soliciting to provide investment advisory services to residents of any state or states in which the firm is not maintaining a notice filing.   

 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















william l mack - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference



Your search for "william l mack" returned no results.
We're temporarily experiencing connectivity delays due to heavy traffic. Sorry, please come back later.






Answers







William L. Mack



William "Bill" L. Mack (April 1, 1924 - February 17, 2009) was a provincial level politician from Alberta, Canada. He served as a member of the...

more






H. Bert Mack



and brothers John J. Cali and Angelo R. Cali) creating Mack-Cali Realty Corporation, the largest office-property owner in New Jersey. His sons (David...

more






David S. Mack



real estate development company, the Mack Company. He has three Earle I. Mack, Fredric H. Mack, and William L. Mack. Mack graduated from

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








