


Macleod, John Products - Reformation Heritage Books







































































Home
Authors
Macleod, John




X

All




Macleod, John













Scottish Theology: In Relation to Church History (Macleod)


$30.00 $20.00



 Compare 


Add To Cart

Scottish Theology: In Relation to Church History (Macleod)




















Browse Categories



New Closeouts
Recently Added
Coming Soon 
Sales & Clearance
Banner of Truth Sale
Christian Focus Clearance Titles
Crossway Discounted Titles
EP Bargain Books
EP Study Commentary
Welwyn Commentary Series


RHB/SDG Clearance
Westminster Discount Book Service
$5 SALE
$10 SALE
Bumped
Clearance
Bible Studies
Biographies
Children's
Christian Living
Family
Theology
Under $10
Under $5




Audio
Audio Books
Music CDs


Bibles
 Reformation Heritage KJV Study Bible
Recently Released 
Bulk Buy
Bumped 
Ebook
Hardcover
Large Print
Leather
Leather-Like


Pocket
Biblical Languages
Bible Reference


Biographies
Children's Books
Preschool (0-4)
Younger Elementary (5-8)
Older Elementary (9-12)
Young Teen (13-15)
Young Adult (16+)
Homeschooling
Various Themes
Bible Characters
Doctrine & Catechism
History & Historical Fiction
Series for Children




Christian Living
Series
A Christian's Pocket Guide to...
The Crucial Questions Series
Basics of the Faith Series
Help! Series
Puritan Paperbacks 


Assurance
Apologetics
Catholicism
Creation Studies
Other Religions


Conversion
Counseling
Current Issues & Ethics
Depression
Faith
Men
Prayer
Spiritual Growth
Spiritual Warfare 
Women


Commentaries
OT Commentaries
Pentateuch
Historical Books
Wisdom Books
Major + Minor Prophets


NT Commentaries
Gospels + Acts
Epistles
Revelation


Commentary Series
Evangelical Press Study Commentaries
Focus on the Bible
Geneva Series of Commentaries
The Gospel According to the Old Testament Series
Let's Study...
A Mentor Commentary
Nichol's Series of Commentaries
Opening Up the Bible
Preaching the Word
Reformed Expository Commentary Series
Welwyn Commentary




Curriculums
Devotionals
EBOOKS
Under $3
Under $5
Under $10


Foreign Language
Chinese
Dutch 
Italian
Korean
Portuguese
Spanish


History
Biblical Period
Early Church
Medieval
Reformation
1600s
1700s
1800s
1900s


Journibles
Marriage & Family
Children & Teens
Family Worship
Parenting
Relationships
Homeschooling
Science


Ministry
Discipleship
Evangelism
Missions
Preaching
Revival
Sermons


RHB Publications
Recently Published 
Series 
31 Meditations
Christian Biographies for Young Readers
Classic Reformed Theology Series
Classics of Reformed Spirituality 
Cultivating Biblical Godliness Series
Deepen Your Christian Life Series
Explorations in Reformed Confessional Theology
Family Guidance Series
Lectio Continua Commentary Series
Profiles In Reformed Spirituality 
Puritan Treasures For Today
Reformed Historical Theological Studies
Studies on the Westminster Assembly


Study Bibles


Soli Deo Gloria Publications 
Theology
Atonement
Biblical Theology
Christology 
Church
Church Life
Education
Psalms/Hymns 
Offices and Officeholders
Sacraments
Worship


Confessions and Catechisms
Covenant Theology
Doctrines of Grace
Eschatology
Heaven and Hell
Holy Spirit
Justification
Predestination
Providence
Systematic Theology
Doctrine of Christ
Doctrine of God
Doctrine of Last Things
Doctrine of Man
Doctrine of Revelation
Doctrine of Salvation
Doctrine of the Church


Trinity
PRTS Faculty Books & Resources
Puritan Reformed Conference Papers
PRTS Journal 
Michael P.V. Barrett
Joel Beeke
Gerald M. Bilkes
David Murray
William VanDoodewaard




Used Books










Store Hours
Mon-Fri 8:30 - 5:00 pm
Sat 9:00 am - 1:00 pm





  Loading... Please wait...







My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
Gift Certificates
View Cart 


Sign in or Create an account











Reformation Heritage Books
                        Glorifying God through the publication and distribution of Puritan and Reformed literature.
                    

Contact Us | 616.977.0889



Home

About Us

Careers
Contact Us
Shipping & Return Policies


RHB Blog
RHB Publications
All Authors
New Products






























All Prices are in USD. © 2017 Reformation Heritage Books


Signup to receive our special offers and new releases

































MacLeod, John | Bookspeed

































































Create account / Login



CALL US 0131 467 8100 






Bookspeed







 go 



Books, Toys and Gifts to complement and enhance your retail store









Home


Collections


Products


Our Services


News


Get in Touch














Home
Authors
MacLeod, John


Products by MacLeod, John









BANNER IN THE WEST (PB)
MacLeod, John

RRP £6.99

Log
	in to order 






BEST OF SCOTLAND 
MacLeod, John

RRP £12.99

				   	NYPJAN18 not yet printed
				 

Log
	in to order 






FAITHFUL AND BRAVE: JAMES GILLESPIES HIGH SCHOOL
MacLeod, John

RRP £14.99

Log
	in to order 






HIGHLANDERS: HISTORY OF THE GAELS (PB)
MacLeod, John

RRP £9.99

				   	OSP/ND currently unavailable
				 

Log
	in to order 






NONE DARE OPPOSE (LEWIS) (PB)
MacLeod, John

RRP £8.99

Log
	in to order 






RIVER OF FIRE (CLYDEBANK BLITZ) (HB)
Macleod, John

RRP £16.99

Log
	in to order 






RIVER OF FIRE (CLYDEBANK BLITZ) (PB)
MacLeod, John

RRP £9.99

				   	O/P out of print
				 

Log
	in to order 






WHEN I HEARD THE BELL (IOLAIRE) (PB)
Macleod, John

RRP £9.99

				   	RP/SEP17 reprinting
				 

Log
	in to order 






8

		results
		found
	





Keyword Search






Minimum price

Minimum list price
99p
£1.99
£2.99
£3.99
£4.99
£5.99
£9.99
£19.99



Maximum price

Maximum list price
99p
£1.99
£2.99
£3.99
£4.99
£5.99
£9.99
£19.99





Search















 To purchase this product you need to become a stockist. 


									If you are interested in becoming a stockist, please click the button below and we'll get back to you.
								


Become a Stockist
Cancel


 





MacLeod-John Archives - Banner of Truth USA



































































Banner of Truth USA &emdash; Biblical Christianity Through Literature







Section navigation


Books by John Macleod




Bio
Books
Articles



	Showing all 2 results


Sort alphabeticallySort by popularity (best selling)Sort by average ratingSort by newnessSort by price: low to highSort by price: high to low 





Scottish Theology
in relation to church history
by John Macleod




price
$30.00 $27.00


Avg. Rating
5 out of 5

Learn More
Add to cart


Description
Endorsements ‘Reading Scottish Theology will prove an enlightening, heart-warming, and sobering engagement with the past and will enable us the better (hopefully) to “contend for the faith once for all delivered to the saint” in the present.’ — IAN HAMILTON […]






Some Favourite Books
by John Macleod




price
$5.75 $5.18




Learn More
Read More


Description
Splendid introductions to classics such as Guthrie’s The Christian’s Great Interest, Rutherford’s Letters and Ryle’s Christian Leaders. 128pp.















Create a new list






















MACLEOD JOHN - ESSEXVILLE, MI - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MI



ESSEXVILLE



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            MACLEOD JOHN
                                    



 





















M 


MACLEOD JOHN
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



319 W BORTON RD ESSEXVILLE, MI 48732
Get Directions



(989) 894-2588





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts JOHN MACLEOD







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Macleod John has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments from Essexville. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















 
Product Search - Routledge
Product SearchResults for: author = John Macleod; range = all. Search again. 4 All NewAllPublishedForthcoming Product Types FeaturedTextbooksProfessional / TradeHandbooks / CompanionsResearch MonographsMajor WorksPaperbacks Direct Improving Learning through the LifecourseLearning LivesBy Gert Biesta, John Field, Phil Hodkinson, Flora J. Macleod, Ivor F. GoodsonAdult learning matters. There is now widespread agreement that modern countries depend on the creativity, skills and knowledge of the entire population for their prosperity. Many people talk of our future well-being in terms of a ‘knowledge economy’ or a ‘learning society’ in which every person’s…Paperback – 2011-02-21RoutledgeImproving LearningThe Psychiatry of Palliative MedicineThe Doctor's Companion to the Classics, v. 2By Sandy MacLeod, John S. DuncanThis title contains foreword by Ian Maddocks, formerly Foundation President, Australian Association of Hospice and Palliative Care and Foundation President, Australian and New Zealand Society of Palliative Medicine. This book is a practical and pragmatic distillation of the psychiatry of relevance…Paperback – 2007-02-20CRC PressConsumer Sales LawThe Law Relating to Consumer Sales and Financing of Goods, 2nd EditionBy John Macleod, James DevenneyFully updated and revised, this comprehensive and informative textbook provides readers with an overview of current consumer sales law and equips them with a view of how this fast-changing subject has, and will continue to develop through the inclusion of new reform proposals. 

This book analyzes…Paperback – 2006-12-07Routledge-CavendishThe Merchant of VeniceCritical EssaysEdited by John W. Mahon, Ellen Macleod MahonThis volume is a collection of all-new original essays covering everything from feminist to postcolonial readings of the play as well as source queries and analyses of historical performances of the play.
The Merchant of Venice is a collection of seventeen new essays that explore the concepts of…Paperback – 2002-08-02RoutledgeShakespeare CriticismAdvanced SearchKeywordsTitleAuthor/EditorISBNProduct GroupanyFeaturedHandbooks / CompanionsInteractive eTextbooksLibrary / ReferenceMajor WorksPaperbacks DirectProfessional / TradeResearch MonographsSpecial Issues of JournalsStudent ReferenceTextbooksSubject CategoryanyArea StudiesArtsBehavioral SciencesBuilt EnvironmentCommunication StudiesDevelopment StudiesEconomics, Finance, Business & IndustryEducationEnvironment and SustainabilityGeographyHealth and Social CareHumanitiesInformation ScienceLanguage & LiteratureLawMedicine, Dentistry, Nursing & Allied HealthMuseum and Heritage StudiesPolitics & International RelationsReference & Information ScienceSocial SciencesSports and LeisureTourism, Hospitality and EventsUrban StudiesImprint/PublisheranyA K Peters/CRC PressAOCS PublishingAPA Planners PressASM PressAnalytic Press Anamaya PublishersApple Academic PressArchitectural PressAshgateAshgate (ex Arena)Ashgate (ex Gower)Ashgate (ex Scolar)Ashgate (ex Variorum)Ashgate Chem. Ref.Ashgate Dartmouth Ashgate VariorumAuerbach PublicationsBIOS Scientific PublishersBehavioral ScienceBirkbeck Law PressBlackwellBridge 21, USABrunner-RoutledgeCRC PressCattleDog PublishingChapman and Hall/CRCDavid Fulton Publishers  EPFL PressESI InternationalEarthscanEdition SynapseEditiones Scholasticae, GermanyErlbaum Behavioral ScienceErlbaum Psych PressEstates GazetteEuropa PublicationsEye on EducationFacet PublishingFairmont PressFederation PressFocal PressFrank CassGarland ScienceGestalt PressGower Gower (ex Ashgate) Gregg RevivalsGuilford PressHIMSS PublishingHakluyt Society IHS BRE PressInforma HealthcareInforma LawInforma Law from RoutledgeInternational Work Group for Indigenous AffairsJaypee UKKegan PaulLawrence ErlbaumLearningLund HumphriesLynne RiennerMacat LibraryMarcel DekkerMayo Clinic Scientific PressMedpharmNBSNarosaNetherlands Institute for Social ResearchNew Concept PressPan StanfordPowerhouse PublishingProductivity PressPsychology PressQMP/CRC PressRFF PressRIBARIBA PublishingRoutledgeRoutledge AcademicRoutledge IndiaRoutledge Mental HealthRoutledge-CavendishRoutledgeCurzonRoutledgeFalmerSDC PublicationsSchattauerSchlueterscheScience PublishersScolar PressSoftware & Alt MediaSpon PressStata PressStudien Verlag, AustriaSwedish Pharmaceutical PressTaylor & FrancisTeton NewMediaThe Copy WorkshopTheatre Arts BookUniversities PressWhittles PublishingPublication DateanyAllNewNew/PublishedPublishedForthcoming Search
Johnson Matthey's (JMPLD) CEO Robert MacLeod on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Johnson Matthey's (JMPLD) CEO Robert MacLeod on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptNov.17.16 | About: Johnson Matthey (JMPLD) Johnson Matthey Plc (OTCPK:JMPLD) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call November 17, 2016  4:30 AM ET
Executives
Robert MacLeod - Chief Executive, Executive Director
Anna Manz - Group Finance Director
John Walker - Executive Director, ECT
Alan Nelson - Chief Technology Officer and Director of New Business Development
Analysts
Adam Collins - Liberum
Neil Tyler - Redburn
Martin Dunwoodie - Deutsche Bank
Andrew Stott - UBS
Mathew Hampshire-Waugh - Credit Suisse
Operator
Good morning everybody and welcome to Johnson Matthey’s Half Year Presentation Results. Just before we start, could I please ask you to turn off mobile phones, so we don’t get any interference on the webcast.
And with that I’ll hand over to Robert.
Robert MacLeod
Thank you, Sally and good morning to every one of you today and welcome to our interim results presentation. Today obviously we’ll follow the normal format, but first of all I’d like to express my welcome to Anna, Anna Manz who you’ll obviously hear from in a few minutes, joined in the middle of this month.
And my senior management team is hear in the front row to hopefully answer some of your questions later on if I can’t answer them, but also hopefully afterwards then if you got any follow up questions, please feel free to ask them.
So without further due just getting into the presentation, I’m pleased to report today the trading is in line in the first half, in line with our expectations and we have once again confirmed our outlook for the full year.
Sales as you can see, we’re up 5% and underlying profit before tax also up 5%, but earnings per share up 12%. So that’s obviously benefiting partly from the favorable exchange rates as a result of the weaker pound. And at constant rates and on a continuing basis, sales and operating profit were down a little on last year, but overall broadly in line with our plans.
At ECT, the first half in Europe was especially strong and our Asian business also performed well, but as expected results were held back a bit by North America because of the cyclical weakness in the Class 8 truck market.
Process Technologies held its strong positions and benefited from last year’s cost reductions, which have improved return on sales, the trading across the division remained pretty tough. Precious Metal Products, was steady and performance there has stabilized.
And as I indicated in our Q1 release, the timing of business in Fine Chemicals this year is very much weighted to the second half and so first half performance reflects that. But the medium term prospects for the group remains strong and so to reflect this, the board has raised the interim dividend by 5%.
And of course as you know health and safety is very important to us and remains our priority and as you can see from this chart, we made good progress in reducing the number of accidents and incidents across JM.
The graphs here show our statistics and our stats are moving in the right direction, but in this particular area it’s not just about the data and the statistics, it’s more about what’s going on in the company and how behaviors and attitudes are changing across our employees.
And I’m delighted to say, it seems to be we’re making traction and real progress and really changing that behavior and that mindset across the group. But there is some plateauing in the results as you can see, so reinforce is the need for us to keep our focus on health and safety across the group.
Before I move into results, just a little bit on our long term strategic priorities and first of all Johnson Matthey remains very well positioned. The three major sectors that I show here, all require high technology science based solutions which are valued by our customers and as a result have high barriers to entry.
Automotive as you know is our largest sector, almost two thirds of Johnson Matthey’s sales today and the market today is good, even though we’re going through a couple of years whether it’s no new major legislation coming through. But there are strong structural drivers ahead and a big opportunity for us.

Quality as you know is a major global issue and Johnson Matthey has a robust number one position in technology for both emission control and high power lithium iron phosphate battery materials. And on battery materials, we’re also broadening our portfolio into high energy materials to position us for growth as that market develops.
JM is also a leader in catalysts and technology for the petrochemical sector, about 11% of our sales today. This is as you know a cyclical market which right now is at a low point in the cycle and we’ve taken actions as we talked about last year to reduce our cost accordingly.
But the medium to long term opportunity is attractive, the drive has remained positive, consumer demand for fuels, plastics and other M&A products will drive the need for chemical intermediates which require our catalysts and technologies in order to be economic.
Finally the pharmaceutical sector, the smaller part of JM’s business today, but attractive market too and bigger in the future driven by an ageing population and the trends towards lower cost healthcare. JM is already well placed as a leader in small molecule APIs and we’re investing to build a broader API portfolio, so we can take advantage of this market opportunity.
So in summary, we’re well placed with strong positions in markets with sound medium term growth drivers. And we’re also investing in our business accordingly and driving efficiencies. And on that we’re expanding our emission control capacity globally to enable our automotive customers to meet upcoming legislation.
We’re also continuing to drive efficiency through focus on operational effectiveness and supply chain optimization and you can see that coming through our results in the return on sales in our ECT business. And as the trend towards electrification continues, we’re investing to expand on lithium iron phosphate capacity by 50% and we announced that today.
In petrochemicals, as I mentioned already, we substantially reduced our cost base and reallocated resources accordingly to drive efficiencies, but at the same time we’re maintaining our investments in new technologies. That way we’ll ensure that we’re in a position to respond when the market starts to recover and that we continue to have a pipeline of new technologies coming to market over the medium term.
And for the pharma industry, we’re investing to expand our capacity in Europe and realize opportunities to improve efficiencies across our global manufacturing base and at the same time investing in R&D to build our future API portfolio. And at the group level our priorities remain, to invest in R&D and we’re running about 5% of sales to create the sustainable technologies of tomorrow.
Continue our investment program in our business systems to drive efficiencies and provide scale for the future. And we’ll maintain our strong focus on capital efficiency, which gives us the capacity to invest for future growth and support long-term value for shareholders. So JM is in good shape and our strategy remains robust.
And with that I’ll hand over to Anna to talk you through our first half performance. Anna?
Anna Manz
Thank you, Robert and good morning everyone. Today is the completion of my first month at Johnson Matthey. I joined JM because four things excited me about the company; the strong market positions that we have, the long history of collaborative relationships with customers, the deep and the inquisitive expertise in chemistry and its applications to solve problems and the strong value set which match my own.
My experience over this first month has been absolutely consistent with these expectations. As I enter the business, I’ll have three areas which I’ll be focusing on over the coming months to fully understand and get underneath. And as you may expect they are, resource allocation supported by an understanding of return on investment, a focus on working capital to drive cash conversion and a focus on running our business and its processes as efficiently as possible.

So let me turn to the underlying results. As Robert said, the group delivered solid performance and the results are in line with our expectations. You can see that sales grew 5%, asset underlying operating profit and profit before tax.
However, adjusting for translation of foreign exchange which had a significant impact in the period on research chemicals which was disposed out and that completed in September 2015, sales was slightly lower, down 1% and profit before tax was down 3%.
The tax charge is fairly steady year-on-year and we expect the tax rate for the full year to be less than 17%. In the period EPS is up 12%, by the benefit of foreign currency translation on reported results and by the share consolidation following the special dividends that was paid in February 2016.
Now, let’s look into a bit more detail of what’s driven the group’s underlying profit before tax, starting with the impact of foreign exchange. This is the translational impact of foreign exchange on the conversion of profits from over subsidiaries into sterling. In the half the translation gain is 27 million.
On 30 September exchange rates this will become a 65 million gain full year. The gain at today’s rates would be within a couple of millions of that. As a result of our hedging policies, there was no material impact or transactional effects in the period.
The second adjustment is to remove the impact of research chemicals which we sold in September 2015. This business contributed 7.5 million of underlying operating profit in the first half of last year prior to its disposal.
Performance against the rebase per year has been steady across four of our divisions. ECT profits are flat, process technologies are down 1% and Precious Metal products are up 4%. We’ve also reduced our losses in new businesses. Taken together with corporate costs, these divisions are growing underlying profit before tax.
The reduction in underlying profit before tax in the first half is Fine Chemicals, where profits of the continuing business have fallen by 26%. Now the weak first half in Fine Chemicals was flecked and it’s predominantly driven by our active pharmaceutical ingredients business. The API business is a portfolio of products including new products which are in growth and older products which are maturing and therefore declining and that product mix is continually changing.
So for example this year we’ve had dofetilide which was launched in June as a growing product and we have mature products such as Oxymorphone Patent revenue from Endo which is within prior but wasn’t in this year. Now, it’s this weak product mix coupled with shipment placing which has contributed to the weak first half.
But looking forward, I’m confident it will be substantially better because we’ll benefit in the second half for a full six months of dofetilide launch and in addition we have another new product which was approved at the end of the first half which we’ll see growth in sales from too and that phrasing will come back.
The interest charge is reduced slightly compared with prior year. This is due to the lower interest charge in relation to the UK post-employment benefits as the UK pension scheme was in surplus at the start of the year. It’s offset by higher financial interest due to the transaction exchange on that and greater average levels of net debt through the period.
Now, taken together, this is a solid performance and it’s in line with our expectations. On looking forward we see a stronger second half particularly in Fine Chemicals and process technologies. And therefore our full year guidance is that we would expect our performance to be in line with our expectations, so we’ll be delivering slight growth on a continuing constant currency basis full year.

Now, turning to cash flow performance in the first half, cash flow from operations was 124 million in the half, compared with 545 million last year. However cash flow last year was unusually high with regard to material reduction in working capital in the period of almost 400 million, around three quarters of which was Precious Metal working capital.
In the half year, cash flow has been impacted by higher levels of working capital. This is predominantly due to the buildup of inventory in ECT Fine Chemicals and precious technologies ahead of stronger expected sales in the second half. But I’ll get into more detail on the drivers of working capital in my next slide. However, I do expect our working capital to normalize by the full year.
Looking at working capital in a little more detail, working capital has increased 237 million in the period; 111 million of this increase was in Precious Metal working capital. Now, Precious Metal working capital fluctuates according to customer mix. As for some customers, we procure the Precious Metal and other customers supply their own. Consequently, this can vary quite significantly at different balance sheet days.
Excluding Precious Metal, working capital days at the 30th of September are 69, this compares with 64 days as of the 30th of September last year. Part of this increase is driven by exchange rates. Our sales are calculated at average and working capital is calculated at closing rates. This foreign exchange difference accounts for three days of the increase. The remaining increase is due to the buildup of inventory ahead of an increase in sales expected in the second half of the year.
Now, the order book is strong for the second half which gives me confidence that our working capital position will be significantly improve by the year end and back within our normal range of 50 to 60 days, albeit towards the upper end. And as I previously said, working capital management and cash conversion will be an area of focus for me.
Moving on to net debt, our net debt including post-tax pension deficits has increased from 657 million at the yearend to 1.2 billion. The decline in corporate fund yields has closed the U.K pension plan to move from a 100 million surplus at March to 141 million deficit as of September. This has resulted in the post-tax pension deficits increasing by 123 million. Now, this number is stated net of the corporate bonds which we hold to fund the pension deficit.
The increase in working capital has impacted net debt by 237 million. Now, as I previously said, I would expect this to partially unwind in the second half. Despite the increase in net debt, the balance sheet remains strong with net debt to EBITDA of 1.6 times. This is well within our target of 1.5 to 2 times and gives us the results that we need to continue to invest in the growth of our business.
Turning to rewards and benefits and starting first with the post-retirement medical plan. We benefited from a one-off gain in the first half, following the implementation of an inflation cap on our U.S. post-retirement medical plan. We have therefore recognized a noncash accounting gain of 16 million in the first half. This has been included within the division’s underlying operating profit, with the majority of the benefit in ECT and Precious Metals products.
Looking at the group’s other reward schemes, there has been an increase of 7 million in the accounting charge relating to the long-term incentive plan, which applies to around 1,300 employees. This cost is also included in the division’s underlying operating profit and it partially offsets the post-retirement medical gain. For the full year, we would expect an increase of approximately 16 million in the long-term incentive plan.

Therefore, taking the one-off post-retirement medical gain and the increased charge in the long-term incentive together, the first half performance benefits by 9 million and by year end based on current expectations, the two will broadly offset.
Now, let’s move to look at return on invested capital. This was 17.6% and broadly in line with last year and well ahead of our pre-tax cost of capital which is 8.1%. But it is below our target of 20% for the group. We remain committed to our 20% target. But in the short-term, while the macro environment is challenging for our Process Technologies business and while our new businesses division had not yet progressed into profitability, we’re likely to remain below the target.
We will continue to invest for the future thoughtfully and have strict investment criteria. Return on invested capital continues to be a key metric, although one of a set of metrics that we will use to assess any project. The Board of Directors has increased the interim dividend by 5% to 20.5 pence.
So, in summary, I think this is the solid set of results against a backdrop of challenging marketing conditions. It leaves us on the half year exactly where we expected to be and I’m confident that for the full year, our continuing business will deliver slight growth on a constant currency basis, and I expect working capital performance to improve.
I will now hand it back to Robert who will take you through the performance of the divisions.
Robert MacLeod
Thank you, Anna. So, as Anna just said, I will go through each one of the divisions and the performance of those. But just to be clear, as I go through these, I’ll talk - all the numbers I’ll talk about is on a constant currency basis. So, this is excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Obviously the numbers, in the report it will be on an absolute basis, but all my comments tonight will be on a constant currency basis.
And turning first to ECT, our largest business which had a solid first half, really strong in Europe and Asia and as expected weaker in North America as a result of lower production of Class 8 trucks. Sales were up 3% just over a £1 billion and operating profit was flat. And the outlook continued to strength - the outlook has continued strength in Europe and Asia and we expect Class 8 production levels to continue to fall, but despite this our North American heavy-duty diesel business as a whole should see sales stabilize at current levels. And overall, we expect ECT to continue to perform well.
I look here the light duty business first. Here we’ve had a great first half. Our light duty catalyst business has outpaced the market and our sales were 9% up versus global light duty production growth of just over 4%. Particular strong outperformance in Europe as you can see where our sales grew 16% and that compares to a 3% growth in the underlying market. So, why is that? Well, it’s partly driven by the continued benefit from the tail end of Euro 6b coming through and also demand from customers shifting towards more complex high value systems ahead of the introduction of real world driving emission standards in the future.
It’s interesting to note that despite all the noise going on in the moment, the share of diesel costs produced in Western Europe was stable on last year. And we’re also continuing to work with our customers on products for Euro 6c, which primarily, as you know, impacts gasoline costs. Our business in Asia had a solid first half, growing to and growing sales by 4% and that’s been boosted by strong volume growth in China, but sales were held back a little bit here as some tax incentives are in place just now, which favor smaller costs.
In North America, our sales were down a bit, but there is no real change in the competitive position there, just a slightly less favorable product mix. This year we have more sales of lower value catalysts compared to last year. So, overall, continued focus on emissions around the world and a strong first half from us.

Moving on to our on road heavy duty diesel business, and the story here is really strong first half in Europe and Asia but more than offset by lower sales in North America. In Europe where sales were up 22%, we’ve benefited from cost of demand from our more complex higher performance technologies, including those which we manufacture using our extrusion technology out of our facility in Germany, which we’re just expanding now.
In Asia, very strong growth from [indiscernible] but will be of course quite a load base. And that’s driven primarily by China where we are seeing early benefit from sales of Euro 5 systems as that tightened regulation starts to roll out in some cities and provinces. In North America, our sales fell in line with the market. Class 4-7 trucks held out pretty well, but as expected demand for Class 8 trucks was falling sharply and it has to say more sharply than we had previously expected.
A peak in September last year and since then production levels have declined. But it’s a very cyclical market as you can see here in this data from LMC Automotive. So, whilst we still expect Class 8 production to continue to fall in our second half, albeit less sharply than in the first half, according to this data, they are expected to bottom out in the early part of 2017, ‘18. That said, as I’ve already mentioned, we expect our total North American business on, On Road HDD sales to stabilize at current levels in the second half as a result of some new business coming through.
Now, turning next to Process Technologies, conditions here have continued to be tough, as demand in PT’s end markets remained at a low point in that cycle. However, I’m pleased to say that we’ve retained our strong shares in a challenging environment of low licensing activity and longer catalyst replacement cycles. We’ve also benefited from the actions we took last year to reduce our cost base and that’s come through in the increased return on sales.
The sales fell 12% and operating profit was only slightly down. On outlook, although we expect the cycle to remain at current low levels, we do anticipate a stronger second half and that’s normal in PT and our order book is strong. Getting a bit more granular, in our chemicals business, sales were down as a result of weak demand in both licensing and catalyst.
Demand in both licensing and catalysts. Our licenses sales declined as demand for new plants utilizing our technologies was weak. With limited investment going into the new capacity right now due to a combination of overcapacity in China and pressure on commodity prices, this weakness is expected to continue in the second half. And we anticipate signing only a couple of small licenses.
On the same gas side, catalysts replacement cycles have been pushed out. This particularly impacted our ammonia business where the longer replacement cycle has come from our customers as a result of overcapacity in their end markets, in methanol a similar story, but as a result of a sustained low oil price.
Here our customers are seeing lower demand from methanol as their end users look to take advantage of cheap oil as an alternative fuel to methanol. On the flip side, our petrochemical business showed strong first half sales mainly due to demand for zeolite catalysts for use in SCR systems.
Our Oil and Gas business continues to feel the impact on demand of the lower oil price, with sales down 14% and performance is mixed across our business. Our sale of hydrogen catalysts were weaker as our customers pushed out their refills. This was due to lower demand in their end markets as refineries process sweeter crudes, which require less hydrogen for desulphurization.
On the other hand, demand for our refinery additives was good. And our diagnostic services business continued to see weaker trading as a result of the sustained lower oil price. However, it did benefit from the reduced cost base and broke even in the first half.

So, turning now to Precious Metal products, which had a steady first half, sales slightly down, but operating profit higher. Our manufacturing businesses grew in line with our guidance and has been steady. Strong positions in more mature markets that they have, have been maintained.
Conditions in PGM refining and recycling remain subdued, but don't forget it remains a strategic part of the business giving us security of supply for this important raw material for our products. Overall, return on sales has picked up slightly helped by good cost control and we expect steady performance for the rest of the year.
So, looking at Precious Metal products services, predominately the PGM refining and recycling business, and that's impacted, as you know, by lower average metal prices when compared to the first half of last year, particularly palladium, which is down about 9%. And we saw refining intakes fall sharply last year, when the PGM price dropped. Since then, intakes have been steady, but albeit at fairly low levels.
In particular, intakes of end of life auto catalysts remain low due in part to low scrap steel prices. Of course, the economics, sorry, of scrapping all vehicles aren't solely dependent on PGM prices and they aren't quite as attractive as they used to be. And therefore our outlook for intakes remains similar for the remainder of this year. We have, though, opened a new refinery in China, which gives us capacity for when scrap auto-cat volumes come through there.
But in the meantime we'll be recycling industrial catalysts, so we’ll take some time to fill our capacity and we don't expect a significant impact on the numbers in this year or next. However, this is a strategic investment for us to position ourselves in this important future market. As I've already stated, the manufacturing businesses have been steady.
Noble Metals had a mixed half with lower demand for PGM catalyst used in the fertilizer industry, but other industrial products were ahead and medical device components was stable. And finally, our AGT, that’s our Advanced Glass Technologies business is doing well with sales ahead in the first half supported by strong demand from the auto industry in China.
So moving onto Fine Chemicals and as we indicated in our quarter one statement, Fine Chemicals’ first half was significantly impacted by product mix, and in this case with sales were up by 4%, but profit down 26%. And of course don’t forget that’s for the continuing businesses, not just a constant currency. But we expect the second half to be stronger.
We expect a very strong contribution from dofetilide. It was approved in June, but takes some time to ramp up, hence the bigger benefit in the second half. We have another product where we’re supplying sub units at relatively low volumes. The customers’ product is now been approved. So, these volumes should pick up in the second half.
And also on product mix, we’ll be selling high quantities of specialty opiates, which tend to be at higher margin in the second half. And some of these sales have already come through. So as Anna has already said, we're optimistic about the second half for Fine Chemicals.
In the first half, we've already mentioned that we've seen a less favorable product mix for us. Demand was good for our bulk opiates, which are lower margin, but in addition as Anna has already explained the timing of declining sales for maturing products versus sales from new products, means that the phasing of income is more heavily weighted this year to the second half.
In the U.S., abuse of controlled substances is an area of increasing focus. As a result, the DEA has reduced manufacturing quotas for some substances. However, the impact on us for the current year is not expected to be material. And looking forward, it's important to remember that much of our investment in our new APIs are for non-controlled substances which are not subject to quotas.

In CCT, business has been fairly steady. Demand for our heterogeneous catalysts was strong from our customers in the farmer and agrichemical sectors, which supported our first half sales.
And our final division, new businesses, I’m pleased once again with the progress we make - we are making and I expect it to continue. Battery technologies delivered a small operating profit. Within that battery materials is doing well, maintaining its leading position in lithium iron phosphate where we've just approved an investment of around GBP30 million to increase our manufacturing capacity by about 50%.
And we're also continuing to progress the development of high energy nickel-rich materials, helped by the license agreements we signed with CAMX Power and 3M. And we're making progress in our other new business areas too and so the division overall should see a much improved second half.
So in summary, we confirm our guidance once again for 2016-17 that we gave in June. And we are on track to deliver that for our full-year results. And on a constant currency for continuing businesses, we expect our performance to be slightly ahead of last year. We will also get the benefit of foreign exchange translation if the pound remains at current levels.
And exchange rates on the 30, September, that equates to a transitional benefit of around GBP65 million for the full year. That's approximately GBP50 million higher than we expected back in June, where we expected the benefit to be about GBP15 million. But in the medium term, which is of course more important, Johnson Matthey remains well positioned in attractive markets. And if we move forward into our third century, we will continue to invest in R&D, our infrastructure and our people to deliver growth for our shareholders and sustainable technologies that makes the world a cleaner and healthier place.
So, finally, before we move on Q&A, I just wanted to give you an update about what we're going to do next year for our Investor Day. And we're going to do it in September or October next year rather than the usual February time. And the reason for that is we've got a lot going on next year as we celebrate our 200th anniversary. So, I hope you'll forgive us for delaying for six months our presentation to you.
But we'll give you the date for our diaries as soon as we can. I will let you know about that near the time. So, with that, if you just bear with us a little bit, John, Anna, I will get ready for your questions and look forward to hearing from you. Thank you.
Question-and-Answer Session
A - Robert MacLeod
So, if I can ask you when you ask your question - I know you bear with me a second, if you can give your name and wait for the microphone, because this is being recorded and it will help people on the playback to hear the question, as well as the answers, so if you can say your name and wait for the microphone.
Adam Collins
Good morning, Adam Collins from Liberum.
Robert MacLeod
How are you?
Adam Collins
Three if I may. So, firstly for John, you mentioned, John, you mentioned two positives affecting the strong ECT result in the first half. Tell us that from Euro 6b and the early stage of pre-fitment benefits as we move towards RDE testing. I wonder if you could give us a sense of the relative significance of those two factors, because, of course, one of those is going to start to peter out and the other one might start to accelerate. So, just a sort of sense of how those two might interact in the second half on an ongoing basis?
Robert MacLeod
You want the three questions. You want to just go and ask them all and then ask them all or is it just one?
Adam Collins
As you wish?
Robert MacLeod
Go on, on your game [ph].
Adam Collins
Okay and then on FX, a couple of things. So, Anna you mentioned no transaction impacts because of hedging. By that, do you mean that there is no - that there is derivative hedging in the form of forward options or forwards, such that there will be some sort of impact looking forward? Or you should have hedged some other way that we need to understand, so just to understand the transaction side-effects.

And then on the calculation 65 million, using your sensitivities, I work out for the three currencies, it's about 55. So, it looks as if there is a rest of the world exposure in addition to dollar, yen, and euro, which makes sense. Could you just sort of quantify how much that is? It looks as if it's about 20% of the exposure? That's the second one.
Robert MacLeod
You’re making these long questions, aren’t you? Good guy.
Adam Collins
Yeah, but they are important. I think that’s it, because that was two-part, so I’ll leave it at that.
Robert MacLeod
That’s a two-part. Okay, we’ll look. I'll definitely leave Anna to talk about foreign exchange. I mean Euro 6b real world driving; John can explain it a little more into detail. But there's a whole pile of moving parts here and we don’t want to get into great levels of detail, because of course I think there's all sorts of moving parts where clearly the drivers for real world driving is a positive for us and no pun intended. So, if you want to go ladies first, you want to go do the FX.
Anna Manz
Yeah, sure. So, transaction FX, what I said was there was immaterial impact in the first half and actually the full-year impact would be very low. Why is that? Well, the first thing is actually many of our sales are in the same location as where we produce. So, our underlying transaction exposure is not particularly great. But we do have transaction exposure. We do hedge it. We do hedge it forward, so there may be some slight benefit that we will see going into next year on transaction FX, but not this year.
And on the 65 million, well, a couple of things, the three currencies we give you relates to 80% of translational FX exposure. The second point is it's a bit of an oversimplification that we give around the $0.10 movement. And so, the reality when you see such extreme exchange moves is that oversimplification doesn't hold. So, there is two things going on. One, using your mechanic for calculating it doesn't quite give you the right answer, which is the bigger piece of it, and then there is a smaller piece of it, which relates to that 20% of exposure that is not in those three currencies.
Robert MacLeod
And I’m sure you got a good calculator, but [indiscernible] as the rates go down, the impact actually gets greater. As rates go the other way the impact will be lesser. So, it's not a - it's not a linear impact.
Adam Collins
Are you able to tell us what the net foreign currency exposure is, the transaction exposure in pounds sterling?
Anna Manz
Sorry?
Adam Collins
The net foreign currency exposure - the transaction exposure - the foreign currency sales - foreign currency cost?
Anna Manz
That’s not a number we shared and frankly it moves as you see the sorts of fluctuations in geographic mix that we've seen in the hour.
Robert MacLeod
John, do you want to talk a little bit about the balance between the Euro 6b tailing off and the real world driving?
John Walker
Okay. Well, the new product introduction cycle, if you think about that as the whole end to end cycle, clearly the Euro 6b stuff is at the end of that cycle and the real world driving is at the front end of that cycle. So what we're seeing now is for the real world driving impact we're seeing a very large increase in numbers of samples and people getting ready for the homologation process to be able to introduce new technologies to be able to improve the NOx control under real world driving conditions. So, there are a lot more samples, a lot more activity in the front end of that MPI cycle. One that's going to translate into volume is really not next year. It’s kind of ‘18, ‘19, so effectively I kind of see that as accelerating things by kind of six to 12 months, but not really having a huge impact through the end of this year or really into next year. It’s really a year or two from now impact.

Robert MacLeod
Thank you, John. Next question, who went first? Actually I think Neil you had your hand out first last time and then we’ll go to Andrew - no, we’ll go to Martin and we’ll come back to Andrew.
Neil Tyler
Thank you. It’s Neil Tyler of Redburn. A couple of things. Sticking with ECT business in the U.S., John, the business there has, in terms of its organic or underlying sales growth X currency, has over the last two or three years tended to grow less quickly than car production. I understand there is mix changes in terms of vehicle mixes that impact that. But to what extent is that also a reflection of your customer mix? And if at all, can you do anything about that? That's the first question.
Then on HDD, you mentioned, Robert, in your comments some new business that you're anticipating. Am I right in interpreting that as new platform wins that would deliver some second half growth over and above the market growth? Thank you.
Robert MacLeod
I think the answer to the second one is an easy one. Yes and that’s what John has meant [ph]. And the first one, John, do you want to just talk?
John Walker
It's also a new technology on existing platforms as well.
Robert MacLeod
Yeah, so it’s a combination of that. Would you want to answer the first one of that?
John Walker
To the first one on mix is there is again a lot of moving parts in terms of that. We have a lot of platform wins and we've had a few platform losses in this particular half of results. The platform loss that we had was a high value loss and the platform wins were lower value wins. So, that's kind of what happened in the first half.
Robert MacLeod
Any sort of number - that sort of changes over time and some years you have good years and some years you have less good years and -
John Walker
One of the things that we’re looking forward to, I guess, is what's going to happen in the light duty diesel pickup truck market in North America and we feel that we're strongly positioned there. So, if truck sales go up for pickup trucks in America, we're in a pretty good position there with oil prices staying as low as they are.
Robert MacLeod
So, that would be a classic - in American systems that’s the low Class 4 trucks that sort of Class 1 and 2s and sort of pickup trucks?
John Walker
SUVs and pickup trucks.
Robert MacLeod
Okay. Okay. Martin, do you want to go next?
Martin Dunwoodie
Thanks. Martin Dunwoodie form Deutsche Bank. Can I pick up on firstly ECT and then battery materials? On the ECT side, you said there is not a lot of material legislation coming over the next couple of years. So, I guess, your sales are probably going to trend more with auto production. But what are your customers telling you about production schedules and rates? I know you probably only got about three months hardiest visibility. But what are they saying next year, particularly in the U.S. about wholesale production? How do you think that will go and how they're telling you?
And then second on battery materials, three parts to it. Firstly, I may have misremembered this, but the operating result there seems to come a bit earlier. The profit seems to come a bit earlier than you had indicated. I think you’ve said full year, but I might be wrong about that. But that seems to be going a bit faster than you maybe thought before. Secondly, option two end licenses on high energy materials, what should we look for in future on that? You’re clearly focusing very heavily on it now. But what should we see in future on this, are there more licenses that we should see come in more products that you’re talking about?
And then the third thing here, I know it’s a very quickly meeting area and you indicated the opportunity there. Do you see this as a bigger opportunity now that maybe you saw even six months ago going forward? Thanks.

Robert MacLeod
Okay. John, do you want to start off with ECT and the wholesale production schedules and what you're hearing?
John Walker
Okay. So, the U.S. in particular, so U.S. auto production for next year, we probably see down a bit and I think we probably have a few cost levers that we still have to apply there to be able to help offset some of that and moving some product around in cheaper manufacturing locations. As far as Europe goes, I mean directionally not very much of a change and we expect to see Asia up again. Then on the heavy duty side even these trucks are going to be light duty comment.
Robert MacLeod
There is a light duty comment. There is a light duty question. Okay, on the sort of battery material side, I’ll let Alan Nelson say a few words in a minute. But I mean we're making good progress in the battery material space. And if you remember this is relatively new for us. We've only got in it a couple years ago and we are making progress. The operating profit for this year and next year will kind of depend upon the level of investment. You mentioned of course we've taken these licenses for the high nickel chemistry and it’s the balance between the investments we make versus driving for today's profit.
Now, of course, the shareholders, they want to balance between the two, don't they? They're kind of greedy. They want both investment for future and delivery in the short run and that never quite happens like that. So, we've got to try and get that balance right and so on the high nickel, so we've got to invest a bit more to make progress there. But, Alan, do you want to answer that? Did you get the three questions?
Alan Nelson
I think so. We’ll give it go and if I don’t hit them all, then I'm sure you'll ask them again. So, you asked a question about the timing for NMC and NCA, and in particular regards to additional licenses. So, the two licenses that we signed earlier this year give us broad composition of matter access into both NMC and that was through a license with 3M and also other high nickel containing materials including NCA type of materials. And that was the license that came in from CAMX Power. So, very broadly speaking we have broad composition access to a wide range of high nickel materials. We are continuing to look at other technologies that exist out there and looking at additional licensing opportunities that would further enhance that portfolio. So, yes, this is the short answer. We're continuing to explore different opportunities in that space.
We're also actively looking at developing these materials and bringing these materials to market internally. So, we’re ramping up our efforts to put pilot scale equipment on the ground and bring these to customers sometime next year. And in fact we're working with both 3M and CAMX Power today to bring these materials to our customers, to our current customers as I said today.
You also asked a question. Is this a bigger opportunity now than we had thought previously? And I think really the answer is we're just seeing the natural evolution of the power train. It's important to remember today that most of the battery materials that are produced actually go into consumer electronics and we're starting to see increased pickup and traction in the automotive power train and that's where we're seeing the increased pull and the increased audience.
So, it's not necessarily that we're seeing something that's unexpected. We're just seeing growth in the automotive sector and that's reflected in our investment in LFP and of course the technology licenses that we acquired earlier this year.
Robert MacLeod
Thanks, Alan. If you could hand the microphone on to Mr. Stott, if you remember here in this lane. Andrew, how are you?
Andrew Stott

Thanks. I’m Andrew Stott of UBS. So, a couple of questions; first is on the Process Tech. I just wondered where specifically you're seeing the order book improvement. It looks sizable if I take the working capital comments on board. Or is that more weighted towards Fine Chemicals? So, a couple of questions within Process Tech and then a second one is more high level. I'm not sure whether you’ve been to Trump Tower yet and had your consultation. But I just wondered if you got some high level thoughts about, you're a big player in North America. There's lots of issues here that could affect Matthey exposure to Mexican OEMs, your corporate tax rate infrastructure, et cetera. I just wonder if you could share any thoughts at this stage on what you see as opportunity.
Robert MacLeod
Okay. Well, why don't we do PT first? And I think remember the PT is a very lumpy business. We said this many times before. Replacement cycles tend to happen over the summer months. So, the orders - our catalyst tends to get shift in the spring months, March - January, February, March tends to be our biggest quarter. Maybe, Jeff, do you want to just talk a little bit briefly about the - maybe you can’t talk briefly. Can you talk briefly just about where the particular order book you're seeing? Give me the other mic. Sorry about the technology.
John Walker
It’s okay. Actually I'm not sure. I’d say a whole lot more than Robert said on it. When we look at the order book, it is pretty much across all the entire portfolio whether it's the methanol, ammonia, same gas range, and even some of the things like the hydrogen and even some of our formaldehyde business. So, we do see pretty strong order book in the second half relative to the first.
On the catalyst, so most of this is catalyst refill. So, it would be pretty much around the - I wouldn’t say a whole lot any different in the U.S. So, in the U.S., yeah, in the U.S., Middle East, where we have good positions, China, would be the main areas.
Robert MacLeod
Thanks, Jeff. And Andrew on the sort of working capital point. I mean I think it's - the orders in days terms and for the group, I mean, as more of the working capital is in [indiscernible] because of course the sales are bigger and the quantities of raw materials, because it is a greater component in PT. But in absolute numbers in terms of days’ terms, both of them are pretty high at the moment because of that buildup ahead of the second half. I haven't been to Trump Tower and unlike Nigel, but we did - we are looking at what's the impact of change in the administration in the U.S. and obviously there are lots of potential moving parts. It's very difficult to assess that today, because of course any politician in any country says one thing. Pre-election and then things, they are not necessarily the same after the election. So, we'll just wait and see exactly what happens.
There are some things that if they happen could be beneficial for the company and other things that if they happen might be less beneficial. So, but I think the biggest one is lots of noise around what's going on with EPA and the legislation there. And our expectations is what is already legislated is unlikely to be reversed. I mean so all the - particularly around air quality, around the sort of particular matter or NOx control and all that stuff, it's never happened anywhere else in the world, ever. Does that mean it can't happen? Of course, it doesn't mean it can't happen, but it seems to us highly unlikely that any politician we go to the country and say we're going to reverse air quality improvements rather than - different from making it accelerating further tightening and that may slow down a little, but who knows? Let’s wait and see.
And on corporate tax rates, who knows? They've been talking about changing the tax rate in the U.S. for some time. If it happens and it goes down, that might be good, but might be good, because it will depend upon what other reliefs they might offset it, because they might miss –they might remove one relief that gives people benefit to reduce the tax rate for others. So, who knows at this stage? It's an interesting time that we live in at the moment, isn’t it?

Mathew Hampshire-Waugh
Thanks. It’s Mathew Hampshire-Waugh from Credit Suisse, just another one on ECT please and Euro 6c. Is it correct to assume that for a GDI setup with the particulate filter on that doubles the value of a gasoline catalyst for you? And is that roughly sort of $50 to $100? Is that ballpark? And secondly, what's behind the 25% penetration assumption? When do you think that comes in?
Robert MacLeod
Well, the answer to the first question is interesting [ph] of course you are talking about Europe and dollars - dollars in Europe, but turning into euros and probably that's about right, doesn't it, John?
John Walker
Kind of yes, yes, and yes, to the first two parts.
Robert MacLeod
Yes to the first two and the assumption on the 25%? I mean that’s -
John Walker
Just remember in the beginning, the kind of generation one filters, some of that filter fitment was uncoated filters as the regulations get tighter and tighter and as we finally get to a point where the particulate legislation is more understood, because just remember some of that is still not totally finalized yet, you will find that most of the filters on GDI cars will become coated. But in the beginning, that - whether it's - quarter-over-quarter it’s still a little bit unclear. And again we probably see the real impact of that similar to Adam's question that hits in terms of volumes really in kind of ‘18, ‘19, fiscal year ‘18, ‘19.
Mathew Hampshire-Waugh
Just to clarify that's going to be 25% of the market will be GDI and that will be full value by 2019.
John Walker
Something like -
Robert MacLeod
25% of the gasoline.
John Walker
Gasoline.
Robert MacLeod
And that’s an estimate. So, don't hold us to that number if it ends up being 20 or 30. I mean, look, it’s an estimate today. We'll see what happens with the pace of implementation. Remember real world driving, everybody thinks real world driving impacts diesel costs. Of course, it does impact diesel costs, but it also impacts gasoline costs too. And some of these requirements that John was talking about these filters that need to be fitted.
John Walker
It’s a rapidly changing space, so.
Robert MacLeod
So, because it's changing so much, it's quite hard for us to know exactly what that penetration will be. But it feels like that sort of order.
Mathew Hampshire-Waugh
Thank you.
Robert MacLeod
Adam, you would like to follow up, but since you're right next door, yes, you can. And the last one, you're only hitting one this time, aren’t you?
Adam Collins
I’m going to take three, but all to Anna, so it’s going to be quick. So, just a couple of things you guided to. You guided to higher central cost this year due to improving bonuses, profit-linked in bonuses. Has this got something to do with - [indiscernible] and what would be your thinking there? Presumably they go up too if FX is driving profits up. And then you also got it to 10 million higher, the fixed asset depreciation this year and next. I wondered if you could just update us on your thinking there. And then final thing was only ERP rollout, just an update in terms of the implementation that's going on there.
Robert MacLeod
I’m not sure I should allow all those questions, but we really are getting into the minutes right now Adam. So fine to do, but I’m not sure that’s great use to do it around in this table. But anyway on the bonus side, let’s be clear on bonuses, there’s a difference between bonus and LTIP. LTIP is on underlying earnings per share on an absolute basis, bonuses we do on constant currency basis, so we’re on track to deliver the budget for the year, for the group, so bonuses will be kind of a little bit better than last year because we missed budget by a little bit, but not material. The bigger impact is on the LTIP side.
Anna Manz

Yeah, the central cost increases entirely due to LTIP, there’s nothing else going on.
Robert MacLeod
So do you want to talk a little bit about fixed asset depreciation, which I have to say, I’m not sure I could also. So I’m hoping you can.
Anna Manz
Maybe will end up taking the detail here off line. The ERP go live will take place in calendar year ‘17, so if was behind your question is will we see an acceleration of depreciation from that in this fiscal? The answer is no. That will occur next fiscal and otherwise depreciation is unchanged from our previous guidance. And in terms of the pay, we will do the roll out in calendar 2017 and as we said before it will be a phase roll out over a five year period.
Unidentified Analyst
[indiscernible] Just on the auto again, under RD [ph], if you see more introductions of the Adblue type solution, are you a net winner or not out of that?
John Walker
Net winner, yes, we’re net winner.
Unidentified Analyst
What do you supply in that space?
John Walker
And Adblue, what do you mean in Adblue?
Robert MacLeod
So we don’t supply Adblue. Adblue is the urea dosing, the thing that gets urea. We supply SCR catalyst, we have nothing to do with Adblue and making Adblue per say, but it’s the SCR catalyst and as I mentioned there’s move to real well driving is enhancing the complicated catalyst system, SCR systems principally which are there to control NOx.
John Walker
We’re net winner solidly improved catalyst systems.
Unidentified Analyst
[indiscernible] Firstly, with the Class 8 truck sales in the U.S., back in June you were talking about GBP25 million drop in Class 8, this year it’s been probable, what do you think it might be in dollar terms now. Secondly, can you just clarify, when that expansion to the Canadian battery material spend comes on stream? And then following your - regarding the 15.6 million item that Anna talked about, is it sort of clarify roughly where the benefit did come, I mean you have indicated it might become an ECT and PMP, but is it possible to just sort of - yeah, GBPx million et cetera?
Robert MacLeod
I’m going to answer that question, the answer is no. We’re not going to get into that level of detail, because it’s far too granule and you asked me a question on expansion of the Candiac plant, that’ll take a couple of years or so - three months, before that comes on stream and of course they might go to fill it up. And of course we’re building it because we need additional capacity, but it’s not going to go from 0 to 100 in one week, it will build up overtime. So wait for a couple of years before that starts to make an impact on the numbers. And on the Class 8 trucks, John do you want to give a? This 25 million we talked about last time we got together?
John Walker
Yeah, probably closer to 75.
Robert MacLeod
Pounds or dollars?
John Walker
Dollars.
Robert MacLeod
Okay, so I guess GBP25 was worth a few more dollars back then when we were talking. So $75 is probably not quite as much.
John Walker
And most of that’s behind us now as well.
Robert MacLeod
Okay, any other questions?
Robert MacLeod
Well, thank you very much indeed for your time. Thank you very much for coming. We find that helpful and we look forward to seeing you again in six months’ time because again we’re not having an Investor Day in February. We’ll do that later on next year. So thank you very much everyone.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Industrial Goods, Gold, Transcripts, United KingdomError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All JMPLD TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Manufacturing and Industrial Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Manufacturing and Industrial StocksGKN Plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGKNCF• Today, 7:31 AM • SA TranscriptsIran And Its Love For Western AircraftBA, EADSF• Today, 7:30 AM • Dhierin BechaiI Was Wrong About CaterpillarCAT• Today, 6:58 AM • Josh Arnold•3 CommentsLonza Group AG ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLZAGY• Today, 2:27 AM • SA TranscriptsHoneywell Is Off To The Races AgainHON• Yesterday, 4:13 PM • Josh Arnold•1 CommentIllinois Tool Works Finding It Harder To Clear A Rising BarITW• Yesterday, 2:47 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•2 CommentsWestport Fuel Systems: Consensus EBIT Estimates Miss The MarkWPRT• Yesterday, 2:22 PM • Eric R. I. Crawford•9 CommentsCrane Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCR• Yesterday, 1:04 PM • SA TranscriptsSnap-on: The Market Rightfully Discounts Current MarginsSNA• Yesterday, 12:35 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAllegheny Technologies Incorporated 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesATI• Yesterday, 11:40 AM • SA TranscriptsLincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLECO• Yesterday, 10:28 AM • SA TranscriptsMcDermott International, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMDR• Yesterday, 9:35 AM • SA TranscriptsPentair Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPNR• Yesterday, 9:16 AM • SA TranscriptsPulteGroup, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPHM• Yesterday, 9:15 AM • SA TranscriptsAltra Industrial Motion Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAIMC• Yesterday, 9:15 AM • SA Transcripts3M Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMMM• Yesterday, 9:15 AM • SA Transcripts•13 CommentsCaterpillar Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCAT• Yesterday, 9:13 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentOutokumpu OYJ 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesOUTKF• Yesterday, 8:02 AM • SA TranscriptsBoeing 787 Needs Aggressive Cost CuttingBA• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • Dhierin Bechai•18 CommentsUPM-Kymmene Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUPMKF• Yesterday, 6:24 AM • SA TranscriptsAkzo Nobel N.V. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAKZOF• Yesterday, 4:57 AM • SA TranscriptsStanley Black & Decker: Yet Another Classic Beat And Raise QuarterSWK• Yesterday, 2:10 AM • Greg Wajda•3 CommentsALR's Stock Of The Week: Interface Inc.TILE• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:10 PM • Paul Price•4 CommentsAeroVironment: Post-Earnings Gains Get To (Or Past) Fair ValueAVAV• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:23 PM • Vince Martin•3 CommentsQuanta Services (PWR) Acquires Stronghold - M&A SlideshowPWR• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:23 PM • SA TranscriptsPlug Power (PLUG) expands relationship with Walmart - SlideshowPLUG• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:11 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsIllinois Tool Works Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesITW• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:08 AM • SA TranscriptsArconic Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesARNC• Mon, Jul. 24, 9:02 AM • SA TranscriptsStanley Black & Decker, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSWK• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:42 AM • SA TranscriptsHandy & Harman Takeout Offer Is Too LowHNH• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:34 AM • Silky Oak Capital•16 CommentsDreamliner Balance To Improve FurtherBA• Mon, Jul. 24, 6:54 AM • Dhierin Bechai•16 CommentsPlug Power's Revised Wal-Mart Agreement Should Put Liquidity Issues To RestPLUG• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:40 AM • Henrik Alex•25 CommentsWaste Management Stock AnalysisWM• Sun, Jul. 23, 4:39 PM • Dividend Diplomats•10 CommentsJinko Solar Goes ParabolicJKS• Sat, Jul. 22, 10:56 AM • Shareholders Unite•24 CommentsWaste Management's Stock Looks OvervaluedWM• Sat, Jul. 22, 8:48 AM • Strubel Investment Management•19 CommentsNordson: A Premier Dividend King Dispensing Higher Dividends For 53 Straight YearsNDSN• Sat, Jul. 22, 7:10 AM • Simply Safe Dividends•11 CommentsResolute Mining - 300K Oz/Year Gold Producer Trading Near 52-Week LowsRMGGF• Sat, Jul. 22, 2:45 AM • FI Fighter•6 CommentsMobile Mini, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMINI• Fri, Jul. 21, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsHoneywell: Sticky Results Prompt InquiryHON• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:26 PM • Quad 7 Capital•7 CommentsTennant: Boring Is BetterTNC• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:39 PM • Michael Boyd•1 CommentQuanta Services Acquires Stronghold Companies For Up To $550 MillionPWR• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:18 PM • Donovan JonesRockwell Collins: Pre-Earnings PlayCOL• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:34 AM • Sam Paul•5 CommentsMetso Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMXTOF• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:28 AM • SA TranscriptsBoeing: Beat Or Miss?BA• Fri, Jul. 21, 7:30 AM • Dhierin Bechai•20 CommentsDover: An Impressive Earnings Release From This Dividend AristocratDOV• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:16 AM • Sure DividendFundamental Issues At Fortescue Metals Exposed By Native Title ClaimFSUMF• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:59 AM • Jesse DonovanWill USG Corporation Continue To Grow?USG• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:23 PM • Alexander Vester•8 CommentsAmerican Outdoor Brands Is A BuyAOBC• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:25 PM • Philomena Doyle•8 CommentsBass Metals (BSSMF) Presents At Noosa Mining Conference 2017 - SlideshowBSSMF• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:52 PM • SA Transcripts3M: Place Your BetsMMM• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:25 PM • Josh Arnold•21 CommentsInstalled Building Products: Expectations Seem Too HighIBP• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:25 PM • Michael BoydDover Corp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDOV• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:35 AM • SA TranscriptsValmont Industries, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVMI• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:24 AM • SA TranscriptsLower Boeing 787 Profits: No ProblemBA• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:16 AM • Dhierin Bechai•5 CommentsScreening For Potential Spin-Offs: 3MMMM• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:40 AM • Eric Nickolaison•14 CommentsSnap-on, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSNA• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsSun Hydraulics: Finally Turned The CornerEditors' Pick • SNHY• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:46 AM • Michael BoydBoeing 787 And EmiratesBA• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:30 AM • Dhierin Bechai•22 CommentsFastenal - The Sell-Off Feels Like An Overreaction To MeFAST• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:30 AM • MnMInvestor•10 CommentsIllinois Tool Works: A Dividend King With Double-Digit Total Return PotentialITW• Wed, Jul. 19, 7:33 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•15 CommentsBoeing's Earnings BustBA• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:19 PM • Sean Warneke•29 CommentsHighpower International Cleans Up With Battery Contracts For Robotic Vacuum CleanersHPJ• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:01 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•47 CommentsAssa Abloy AB ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesASAZY• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:50 PM • SA TranscriptsTecnoglass (TGLS) Investor Presentation - SlideshowTGLS• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:30 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsH&E Equipment Services (HEES) Acquires Neff Corporation - SlideshowHEES, NEFF• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:29 PM • SA TranscriptsBriggs & Stratton: American Icon Trading At A DiscountEditors' Pick • BGG• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:54 PM • Michael Boyd•6 CommentsGreen Light For Sabina Gold & SilverSGSVF• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:29 PM • Robert Sinn•7 CommentsRBC Bearings: Great Company, Tough ValuationEditors' Pick • ROLL• Wed, Jul. 19, 7:32 AM • Vince MartinAeroVironment: A Pure Play On DronesAVAV• Wed, Jul. 19, 5:10 AM • Timothy Gornall•7 CommentsBoeing 747 Order Book: De-RiskedBA• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:50 PM • Dhierin Bechai•15 CommentsHusqvarna AB 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHUSQF• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:15 PM • SA TranscriptsGEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (GEAGY) Updates FY2017 Guidance: SlideshowGEAGY• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:14 PM • SA TranscriptsTrump Euphoria Fades Signaling A Short For The HomebuildersITB• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:31 PM • Eric Basmajian•9 CommentsLockheed Martin 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLMT• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:29 PM • SA TranscriptsBoeing 747: Another OneBA• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:24 PM • Dhierin Bechai•8 Comments123456...219Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Total System Services' (TSS) CEO Troy Woods on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Canadian National Railway's (CNI) CEO Luc Jobin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




W.R. Berkley's (WRB) CEO Robert Berkley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WRB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Smart & Final Stores' (SFS) CEO David Hirz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SFS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FCB Financial Holdings' (FCB) CEO Kent Ellert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




EXACT Sciences' (EXAS) CEO Kevin Conroy on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EXAS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



DXP Enterprises' (DXPE) CEO David Little on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DXPE•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Houlihan Lokey's (HLI) CEO Scott Beiser on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Zions Bancorp's (ZION) CEO Harris Simmons on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ZION•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Amgen (AMGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMGN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMD•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•34 Comments 



Fibria Celulose's (FBR) CEO Marcelo Castelli on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FBR•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Robert Half International's (RHI) CEO Harold Messmer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RHI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Chegg's (CHGG) CEO Daniel Rosensweig on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CHGG•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Carlisle Companies' (CSL) CEO Chris Koch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CSL•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Akamai Technologies' (AKAM) CEO Tom Leighton on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKAM•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wynn Resorts (WYNN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WYNN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aspen's (ASPU) CEO Michael Mathews on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASPU•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rocky Brands' (RCKY) CEO Jason Brooks on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RCKY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moelis & Co's (MC) CEO Kenneth Moelis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MC•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invuity's (IVTY) CEO Philip Sawyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVTY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Dolby Laboratories' (DLB) CEO Kevin Yeaman on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DLB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Juniper Networks (JNPR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JNPR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Celestica's (CLS) CEO Rob Mionis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Enterprise Financial Services' (EFSC) CEO Jim Lally on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EFSC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Compagnie Generale des Etablissements Michelin's (MGDDF) CEO Jean-Dominique Senard on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MGDDF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Texas Instruments (TXN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TXN•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CMG•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



AT&T (T) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


T•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•4 Comments 



Hawaiian Holdings' (HA) CEO Mark Dunkerley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4436Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 







John Macleod - Biographical










































Video


Podcast


About Us


























Nobel Prizes and Laureates









Physics Prizes
Chemistry Prizes
Medicine Prizes
Literature Prizes
Peace Prizes
Prize in Economic Sciences





















 About the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 1923


 Frederick G. Banting
 John Macleod

Facts
Biographical
Nobel Lecture
Nominations

All Nobel Prizes in Physiology or MedicineAll Nobel Prizes in 1923






Nobel Prizes and Laureates









Physics Prizes
Chemistry Prizes
Medicine Prizes
Literature Prizes
Peace Prizes
Prize in Economic Sciences











 About the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 1923


 Frederick G. Banting
 John Macleod

Facts
Biographical
Nobel Lecture
Nominations

All Nobel Prizes in Physiology or MedicineAll Nobel Prizes in 1923












The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 1923
  							 Frederick G. Banting, John Macleod


Share this:












John Macleod - Biographical
John James Rickard
  Macleod was born on September 6, 1876 at Cluny, near Dunkeld,
  Perthshire, Scotland. He was the son of the Rev. Robert Macleod.
  When later the family moved to Aberdeen, Macleod went to the
  Grammar School there and later entered the Marischal College of
  the University
  of Aberdeen to study medicine.

  In 1898 he took his medical degree with honours and was awarded
  the Anderson Travelling Fellowship, which enabled him to work for
  a year at the Institute for Physiology at the University of
  Leipzig.

  In 1899 he was appointed Demonstrator of Physiology at the London
  Hospital Medical School under Professor Leonard Hill and in 1902
  he was appointed Lecturer in Biochemistry at the same College. In
  that year he was awarded the McKinnon Research Studentship of the
  Royal Society, which he held until 1903, when he was appointed
  Professor of Physiology at the Western Reserve University at Cleveland,
  Ohio, U.S.A.

  During his tenure of this post he was occupied by various war
  duties and acted, for part of the winter session of 1916, as
  Professor of Physiology at McGill University, Montreal.

  In 1918 he was elected Professor of Physiology at the University of
  Toronto, Canada. Here he was Director of the Physiological
  Laboratory and Associate Dean of the Faculty of Medicine.

  In 1928 he was appointed Regius Professor of Physiology at the
  University of Aberdeen, a post which he held, together with that
  of Consultant Physiologist to the Rowett Institute
  for Animal Nutrition, in spite of failing health, until his early
  death.

  Macleod's name will always be associated with his work on
  carbohydrate metabolism and especially with his collaboration
  with Frederick Banting and Charles Best
  in the discovery of insulin. For this work on the discovery of
  insulin, in 1921, Banting and Macleod were jointly awarded the
  Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for 1923.

  Macleod had, before this discovery, been interested in
  carbohydrate metabolism and especially in diabetes since 1905 and
  he had published some 37 papers on carbohydrate metabolism and 12
  papers on experimentally produced glycosuria. Previously he had
  followed the earlier great work of von Mering and Minkowski,
  which has been published in 1889, and although he believed that
  the pancreas was the organ involved, he had not been able to
  prove exactly what part it played. Although Laguesse had
  suggested, in 1893, that the islets of Langerhans possibly
  produced an internal secretion which controlled the metabolism of
  sugar, and Sharpey-Schafer had, in 1916, called this hypothetical
  substance "insuline", nobody had been able to prove its actual
  existence. Others had made extracts of the pancreas, some of
  which had proved to be active in affecting the metabolism of
  sugar, but none of these products had been found reliable, until
  Banting and Best, jointly with Macleod, could announce their
  great discovery in February 1922. The process of manufacturing
  the pancreatic extract which could be used for the treatment of
  human patients was patented; the financial proceeds of the patent
  were given to the British Medical Research Council for the
  Encouragement of Research, the discoverers receiving no payment
  at all. Subsequently, the active principle of these earlier
  pancreatic extracts, insulin, was isolated in pure form by John
  Jacob Abel in 1926, and eventually it became available as a
  manufactured product.

  Earlier, in 1908, Macleod had done experimental work on the
  possible part played by the central nervous system in the
  causation of hyperglycaemia and in 1932 he returned to this
  subject, basing his work on the experiments done by Claude
  Bernard on puncture diabetes, and Macleod then concluded, from
  experiments done on rabbits, that stimulation of gluconeogenesis
  in the liver occurred by way of the parasympathetic nervous
  system.

  Macleod also did much work in fields other than carbohydrate
  metabolism. His first paper, published in 1899, when he was
  working at the London Hospital, had been on the phosphorus
  content of muscle and he also worked on air sickness, electric
  shock, purine bases, the chemistry of the tubercle bacillus and
  the carbamates.

  In addition he wrote 11 books and monographs, among which were
  his Recent Advances in Physiology (with Sir Leonard Hill)
  (1905); Physiology and Biochemistry of Modern Medicine,
  which had reached its 9th edition in 1941; Diabetes: its
  Pathological Physiology (1925); Carbohydrate Metabolism
  and Insulin (1926); and his Vanuxem lectures, published in
  1928 as the Fuel of Life.

  In 1919 Macleod was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada,
  in 1923 of the Royal Society, London, in 1930 of the Royal College
  of Physicians, London, and in 1932 of the Royal Society
  of Edinburgh. During 1921-1923 he was President of the
  American Physiological Society, and during 1925-1926 of the Royal
  Canadian Institute. He held honorary doctorates of the
  Universities of Toronto, Cambridge, Aberdeen and Pennsylvania, the
  Western Reserve University and the Jefferson
  Medical College. He was an honorary fellow of the Accademia
  Medica, Rome, and also a corresponding member of the Medical and
  Surgical Society, Bologna, the Societá Medica Chirurgica,
  Rome, and the Deutsche Akademie der Naturforscher
  Leopoldina, Halle, and Foreign Associate Fellow of the
  College of
  Physicians, Philadelphia.

  Macleod was a very successful teacher and director of research.
  His lucid lectures were delivered in an attractive manner and his
  pupils and research associates found him a sympathetic and
  stimulating worker, who demanded exact work and the humility that
  was a feature of his character. He would not tolerate careless
  work. He was much interested in the development of medical
  education and especially in the introduction of scientific
  methods of investigation into clinical work.

  Outside the laboratory he was keenly interested in golf and
  gardening and the arts, especially painting. A sensitive, loyal
  and affectionate man of engaging personality, his serene spirit
  met with courage and optimism the painful and crippling
  disabilities which troubled the final years of his busy
  life.

  Macleod was married to Mary McWalter. He died on March 16,
  1935.


  From Nobel Lectures, Physiology or Medicine 1922-1941, Elsevier Publishing Company, Amsterdam, 1965

  


This autobiography/biography was written 
  at the time of the award and first
    published in the book series Les
     Prix Nobel.
     It was later edited and republished in Nobel Lectures.  To cite this document, always state the source as shown above.
 
Copyright © The Nobel Foundation 1923





Share this:












 To cite this pageMLA style: "John Macleod - Biographical". Nobelprize.org. Nobel Media AB 2014. Web. 26 Jul 2017. <http://www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/medicine/laureates/1923/macleod-bio.html>  

Recommended:



 Play the Blood Typing Game
Try to save some patients and learn about human blood types!



Facts on the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
All you want to know about the Medicine Prize!



The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
Read more about the Medicine Prize during the past century




































































Contact

E-mail us

Press

Newsroom


Sitemap

A-Z Index

FAQ

Frequently Asked Questions

Terms

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Technical Support
For Developers
Copyright

Follow

Facebook

Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
Nobelprize.org Monthly
Nobel Prize App









 Contact  |  Press  |  Sitemap  |  FAQ &nbsp|  Terms


Copyright © Nobel Media AB 2017



Join us:

















Contact
E-mail Us






Press
Newsroom









Sitemap
A-Z Index






FAQ
Frequently Asked Questions








Terms
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Technical Support
For Developers
Copyright





Join us:


Facebook




Instagram



Twitter



YouTube



Nobelprize.org Monthly



Nobel Prize App
























John Macleod - Biographical










































Video


Podcast


About Us


























Nobel Prizes and Laureates









Physics Prizes
Chemistry Prizes
Medicine Prizes
Literature Prizes
Peace Prizes
Prize in Economic Sciences





















 About the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 1923


 Frederick G. Banting
 John Macleod

Facts
Biographical
Nobel Lecture
Nominations

All Nobel Prizes in Physiology or MedicineAll Nobel Prizes in 1923






Nobel Prizes and Laureates









Physics Prizes
Chemistry Prizes
Medicine Prizes
Literature Prizes
Peace Prizes
Prize in Economic Sciences











 About the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 1923


 Frederick G. Banting
 John Macleod

Facts
Biographical
Nobel Lecture
Nominations

All Nobel Prizes in Physiology or MedicineAll Nobel Prizes in 1923












The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 1923
  							 Frederick G. Banting, John Macleod


Share this:












John Macleod - Biographical
John James Rickard
  Macleod was born on September 6, 1876 at Cluny, near Dunkeld,
  Perthshire, Scotland. He was the son of the Rev. Robert Macleod.
  When later the family moved to Aberdeen, Macleod went to the
  Grammar School there and later entered the Marischal College of
  the University
  of Aberdeen to study medicine.

  In 1898 he took his medical degree with honours and was awarded
  the Anderson Travelling Fellowship, which enabled him to work for
  a year at the Institute for Physiology at the University of
  Leipzig.

  In 1899 he was appointed Demonstrator of Physiology at the London
  Hospital Medical School under Professor Leonard Hill and in 1902
  he was appointed Lecturer in Biochemistry at the same College. In
  that year he was awarded the McKinnon Research Studentship of the
  Royal Society, which he held until 1903, when he was appointed
  Professor of Physiology at the Western Reserve University at Cleveland,
  Ohio, U.S.A.

  During his tenure of this post he was occupied by various war
  duties and acted, for part of the winter session of 1916, as
  Professor of Physiology at McGill University, Montreal.

  In 1918 he was elected Professor of Physiology at the University of
  Toronto, Canada. Here he was Director of the Physiological
  Laboratory and Associate Dean of the Faculty of Medicine.

  In 1928 he was appointed Regius Professor of Physiology at the
  University of Aberdeen, a post which he held, together with that
  of Consultant Physiologist to the Rowett Institute
  for Animal Nutrition, in spite of failing health, until his early
  death.

  Macleod's name will always be associated with his work on
  carbohydrate metabolism and especially with his collaboration
  with Frederick Banting and Charles Best
  in the discovery of insulin. For this work on the discovery of
  insulin, in 1921, Banting and Macleod were jointly awarded the
  Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for 1923.

  Macleod had, before this discovery, been interested in
  carbohydrate metabolism and especially in diabetes since 1905 and
  he had published some 37 papers on carbohydrate metabolism and 12
  papers on experimentally produced glycosuria. Previously he had
  followed the earlier great work of von Mering and Minkowski,
  which has been published in 1889, and although he believed that
  the pancreas was the organ involved, he had not been able to
  prove exactly what part it played. Although Laguesse had
  suggested, in 1893, that the islets of Langerhans possibly
  produced an internal secretion which controlled the metabolism of
  sugar, and Sharpey-Schafer had, in 1916, called this hypothetical
  substance "insuline", nobody had been able to prove its actual
  existence. Others had made extracts of the pancreas, some of
  which had proved to be active in affecting the metabolism of
  sugar, but none of these products had been found reliable, until
  Banting and Best, jointly with Macleod, could announce their
  great discovery in February 1922. The process of manufacturing
  the pancreatic extract which could be used for the treatment of
  human patients was patented; the financial proceeds of the patent
  were given to the British Medical Research Council for the
  Encouragement of Research, the discoverers receiving no payment
  at all. Subsequently, the active principle of these earlier
  pancreatic extracts, insulin, was isolated in pure form by John
  Jacob Abel in 1926, and eventually it became available as a
  manufactured product.

  Earlier, in 1908, Macleod had done experimental work on the
  possible part played by the central nervous system in the
  causation of hyperglycaemia and in 1932 he returned to this
  subject, basing his work on the experiments done by Claude
  Bernard on puncture diabetes, and Macleod then concluded, from
  experiments done on rabbits, that stimulation of gluconeogenesis
  in the liver occurred by way of the parasympathetic nervous
  system.

  Macleod also did much work in fields other than carbohydrate
  metabolism. His first paper, published in 1899, when he was
  working at the London Hospital, had been on the phosphorus
  content of muscle and he also worked on air sickness, electric
  shock, purine bases, the chemistry of the tubercle bacillus and
  the carbamates.

  In addition he wrote 11 books and monographs, among which were
  his Recent Advances in Physiology (with Sir Leonard Hill)
  (1905); Physiology and Biochemistry of Modern Medicine,
  which had reached its 9th edition in 1941; Diabetes: its
  Pathological Physiology (1925); Carbohydrate Metabolism
  and Insulin (1926); and his Vanuxem lectures, published in
  1928 as the Fuel of Life.

  In 1919 Macleod was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada,
  in 1923 of the Royal Society, London, in 1930 of the Royal College
  of Physicians, London, and in 1932 of the Royal Society
  of Edinburgh. During 1921-1923 he was President of the
  American Physiological Society, and during 1925-1926 of the Royal
  Canadian Institute. He held honorary doctorates of the
  Universities of Toronto, Cambridge, Aberdeen and Pennsylvania, the
  Western Reserve University and the Jefferson
  Medical College. He was an honorary fellow of the Accademia
  Medica, Rome, and also a corresponding member of the Medical and
  Surgical Society, Bologna, the Societá Medica Chirurgica,
  Rome, and the Deutsche Akademie der Naturforscher
  Leopoldina, Halle, and Foreign Associate Fellow of the
  College of
  Physicians, Philadelphia.

  Macleod was a very successful teacher and director of research.
  His lucid lectures were delivered in an attractive manner and his
  pupils and research associates found him a sympathetic and
  stimulating worker, who demanded exact work and the humility that
  was a feature of his character. He would not tolerate careless
  work. He was much interested in the development of medical
  education and especially in the introduction of scientific
  methods of investigation into clinical work.

  Outside the laboratory he was keenly interested in golf and
  gardening and the arts, especially painting. A sensitive, loyal
  and affectionate man of engaging personality, his serene spirit
  met with courage and optimism the painful and crippling
  disabilities which troubled the final years of his busy
  life.

  Macleod was married to Mary McWalter. He died on March 16,
  1935.


  From Nobel Lectures, Physiology or Medicine 1922-1941, Elsevier Publishing Company, Amsterdam, 1965

  


This autobiography/biography was written 
  at the time of the award and first
    published in the book series Les
     Prix Nobel.
     It was later edited and republished in Nobel Lectures.  To cite this document, always state the source as shown above.
 
Copyright © The Nobel Foundation 1923





Share this:












 To cite this pageMLA style: "John Macleod - Biographical". Nobelprize.org. Nobel Media AB 2014. Web. 26 Jul 2017. <http://www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/medicine/laureates/1923/macleod-bio.html>  

Recommended:



 Play the Blood Typing Game
Try to save some patients and learn about human blood types!



Facts on the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
All you want to know about the Medicine Prize!



The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
Read more about the Medicine Prize during the past century




































































Contact

E-mail us

Press

Newsroom


Sitemap

A-Z Index

FAQ

Frequently Asked Questions

Terms

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Technical Support
For Developers
Copyright

Follow

Facebook

Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
Nobelprize.org Monthly
Nobel Prize App









 Contact  |  Press  |  Sitemap  |  FAQ &nbsp|  Terms


Copyright © Nobel Media AB 2017



Join us:

















Contact
E-mail Us






Press
Newsroom









Sitemap
A-Z Index






FAQ
Frequently Asked Questions








Terms
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Technical Support
For Developers
Copyright





Join us:


Facebook




Instagram



Twitter



YouTube



Nobelprize.org Monthly



Nobel Prize App



















John McLeod Ltd., Wilmington Vermont



















Welcome towww.JohnMcLeodLtd.com













		To simplify your shopping experience we are using one web site for both of our companies, 
		John McLeod Ltd.andThe Vermont Bowl Company.

		Click on the link below to go directly to the finest selection of wood products from both companies. 
		All made right here in Vermont.

www.VermontBowl.com
















 









Products | Lament for John Garve MacLeod of Raasay | ppresshop































                  
                     ppresshop
                  
                


Pick a currency

GBP
USD
EUR
CAD
CHF
SEK
NOK
RUB
NZD
CZK
JPY
DKK
HKD
SGD
ZAR



Log in | Sign up


0 items in your cart









Stay in touch






Popular products



Bagpipe Tutor Book 1: A Better way to Become a Piper!
            
£10.00 GBP





Bagpipe Tutor Book 1: ten (10) copies for Schools/Trade
            
£65.00 GBP





Bagpipe Tutor Book 2: Intermediate Lessons
            
£10.00 GBP





Bagpipe Tutor Book 2: ten (10) copies for Schools/Trade
            
£65.00 GBP





Ceol Mor - In the Balmoral Tradition: James McIntosh
            
£48.00 GBP








Products - Items tagged as "Lament for john garve macleod of raasay"



View all
2/4 marches
Advertising
bagpipe accessories
Bagpipe Joints
Bagpipe Maintenance
Bagpipe Makers
Bagpipe Music
bagpipe practice chanter
bagpipe practice chanters
bagpipe reeds
Bagpipe Tuition
bagpipe tutor
Bagpipes
Battle of Auldearn No 1
Battle of Auldearn No 2
Battle of the Pass of Crieff
Battle of Waternish
Bells of Perth
Beloved Scotland
Big Spree
Black Donald's March
Black waxed hemp
Blue Ribbon
Canmore pipe bags
Castle Menzies
Catherine's Lament
Cave of Gold
Ceol Beag
Ceol Mor
Cha Till MacCrimmon
Clan Campbell's Gathering
Company's Lament
Craigellachie
D Naill solo chanter
David Naill Bagpipes
Deger Pipes
Donald Gruamach's March
Drone Reeds
Duke of Atholl's Salute
Duncan MacRae of Kintail's Lament
Earl of Ross's March
Earl of Seaforth's Salute
Eezidrones
Electronic Pipe
Electronic Pipes
Ewen of the Battles
Fergie MacDonald
Field of Gold
Fingerlock
Flame of Wrath for Squinting Patrick
Glen is Mine
Glengarry's Lament
Glengarry's March
Great Highland Bagpipes
Hector MacLean's Warning
Hemp
His Father's Lament for Donald MacKenzie
I Am Proud to Play a Pipe
I Gave a Kiss to the King's Hand
In Praise of Morag
Internet Lessons on Skype or FaceTime
Isabel MacKay
King's Taxes
Lachlan MacNeill Kintarbet's Fancy
Lady MacDonald's Lament
Lady Margaret MacDonald's Salute
Laird of Anapool's Lament
Lament for Captain MacDougall
Lament for Colin Roy MacKenzie
Lament for Donald Ban MacCrimmon
Lament for Donald Duaghal MacKay
Lament for Donald of Laggan
Lament for John Garve MacLeod of Raasay
Lament for MacLeod of Colbeck
Lament for MacLeod of MacLeod
Lament for MacSwan of Roaig
Lament for Mary MacLeod
Lament for Patrick Og MacCrimmon
Lament for the Castle Dunyveg
Lament for the Children
Lament for the Departure of King James
Lament for the Duke of Hamilton
Lament for the Earl of Antrim
Lament for the Harp Tree
Lament for the Little Supper
Lament for the Only Son
Lament for the Union
Lament for the Viscount of Dundee
learn the bagpipe
Lord Lovat's Lament
MacCrimmon Piobaireachd
MacCrimmon Will Never Return
MacCrimmon's Sweetheart
MacCrimmons
MacDonald of Kinlochmoidart's Lament No1
MacDonald of Kinlochmoidart's Lament No2
MacDonald's Salute
MacDonalds Are Simple
MacDougall's Gathering
MacFarlane's Gathering
MacGregor's Gathering
MacIntosh's Banner
MacIntosh's Lament
MacKay's Banner
MacLeod of Raasay's Salute
MacLeod's Controversy
MacLeod's Salute
MacLeod's Short Tune
MacNeill of Barra's March
Marquis of Argyll's Salute (A MacKay)
Mary's Praise
Massacre of Glencoe
Melbank's Salute
Mrs Macleod of Talisker's Salute
Munro's Salue
My Dearest on Earth
My King Has Landed in Moidart
Nameless Cherede Darievea
Nameless Hiharin Dro o Dro
Nameless Hiharin Odin Hiharin Dro
Nameless Hio Tro Tro
Old Men of the Shells
Old Woman's Lullaby
Online Advertising
Park Piobaireachd No2
Phantom Piper of the Corrieyairick
Piobaireachd
Pipe Bags
Pipe Band Magazine
pipe reeds
Piper's Warning to His Master
Piping photographs
Practice chanter
practice chanter and book
practice chanter and tutor book
practice chanter reeds
Practice Chanters
Pretty Dirk
Prince's Salute
Queen Anne's Lament
Red Speckled Bull
Robert Wallace
Robert Wallace Lessons
Rory MacLoude's Lament
Rout of Glenfruin
Rout of the MacPhees
RSPBA
Salute on the Birth of Rory Mor MacLeod
Salute to Donald
Scarce of Fishing
Shepherd Bagpipes
Shepherd Reeds
Sir James MacDonald of the Isles Lament
Solo Pipe Chanter
Solo Piping
starter kit
Stewart's White Banner
Struan Robertson's Salute
The Boat Tune
The Groat
The Vaunting
The Wee Spree
The Young Laird of Dungallon's Salute
Too Long in this Condition
Tulloch Ard
Unjust Incarceration
War or Peace
Waxed hemp
Waxed Hemp (Black)
Wee Spree
Weighing from Land
Yellow hemp
You're Welcome Ewan Lochiel











      MacCrimmon Piobaireachd - the great compositions 
   

£2.00 GBP


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          




























Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 





















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started






























 



Fast, FREE shipping and morePrime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, ad-free music, Kindle books, original audio series and unlimited photo storage.








Start your 30-day Prime free trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $10.99/month.  Cancel anytime.
                    
                              See more plans  ›


Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    










v




































Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v





























john macleod - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










John macleod - Book Appt with Dr. John Macleod.



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_John Macleod



Book Appt with Dr. John Macleod. Free Report, Address & Phone Number




We Found John Macleod | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​John Macleod



1) John Macleod's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





John Macleod | UCompareHealthCare.com



Ad
 ·
UCompareHealthCare.com/​John Macleod



Phone Number, Locations Ratings, Reviews & Compare




Collecting John Macleod? - Find Art Info & Auction Prices



Ad
 ·
www.mutualart.com/​John-Macle



Performance Analysis, Upcoming Sales, Exhibitions, Indices & Graphs.





Search 200,000+ Artists



Sales & Auction Results



Personalized Alerts





Searches related tojohn macleod



john macleod shooting


john macleod hockey


john macleod basketball coach


john macleod artist



melissa macleod john shea


john macleod basketball


john macleod realtor


john james rickard macleod




Web Results

John Macleod (physiologist) - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_James_Rickard_Macleod


John James Rickard Macleod, FRS (6 September 1876 – 16 March 1935) was a Scottish biochemist and physiologist. He devoted his career to diverse topics in physiology ...


John MacLeod (basketball) - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_MacLeod_(basketball)


John Matthew MacLeod (born October 3, 1937) is an American former basketball coach in the NCAA and the National Basketball Association Career. He first ...


John MacLeod | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-macleod-76a85227


View John MacLeod’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like John MacLeod discover inside ...


Top 25 John Macleod profiles | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/John/MacLeod


View the profiles of professionals named John Macleod on LinkedIn. There are 396 professionals named John Macleod, who use LinkedIn to exchange information, ideas ...


John Macleod - Biographical

www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/medicine/laureates/1923/macleod...


John James Rickard Macleod was born on September 6, 1876 at Cluny, near Dunkeld, Perthshire, Scotland. He was the son of the Rev. Robert Macleod. When later the ...


John MacLeod "Breaking The Ice" Hand Signed Art Print ...

www.ebay.com/itm/John-MacLeod-Breaking-The-Ice-Hand-Signed-Art...


By John MacLeod. John P. MacLeod is a wildlife and seascape artist from Midlothian, Virginia. His extensive study of all forms of wildlife in its habitat has led to a ...


John Macleod (@johnmacleod19) | Twitter

https://twitter.com/johnmacleod19


The latest Tweets from John Macleod (@johnmacleod19). Middle aged grump Likes Music,art theatre and cinema.🎷🎹🎨🎦🎬😎😊Pro European. Scrap Trident ...


John MacLeod - 2016-17 Men's Ice Hockey Roster ...

www.goterriers.com/roster.aspx?rp_id=6857


Appeared in 33 games, recording eight points (2g, 6a) and a plus-8 rating ... Tallied game-winner in 4-1 victory over Notre Dame on Feb. 25 ... Recorded goal and ...


Amazon.com: John Macleod: Books, Biography, Blog ...

https://www.amazon.com/John-Macleod/e/B001H6J426


Visit Amazon.com's John Macleod Page and shop for all John Macleod books and other John Macleod related products (DVD, CDs, Apparel). Check out pictures, bibliography ...


John Macleod, Air Canada: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/profiles/people/17709252-john-a-macleod


John Macleod is VP:Commercial Starategy at Air Canada. See John A Macleod's compensation, career history, education, & memberships.










John macleod - Book Appt with Dr. John Macleod.



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_John Macleod



Book Appt with Dr. John Macleod. Free Report, Address & Phone Number




We Found John Macleod | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​John Macleod



1) John Macleod's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





John Macleod | UCompareHealthCare.com



Ad
 ·
UCompareHealthCare.com/​John Macleod



Phone Number, Locations Ratings, Reviews & Compare




Collecting John Macleod? - Find Art Info & Auction Prices



Ad
 ·
www.mutualart.com/​John-Macle



Performance Analysis, Upcoming Sales, Exhibitions, Indices & Graphs.





Search 200,000+ Artists



Sales & Auction Results



Personalized Alerts




Searches related tojohn macleod



john macleod shooting


john macleod hockey


john macleod basketball coach


john macleod artist



melissa macleod john shea


john macleod basketball


john macleod realtor


john james rickard macleod




12345Next






Answers







John MacLeod (minister)



John MacLeod (born 14 May 1948 in Fearn, Scotland), known in Scottish Gaelic as Iain MacLeòid, was educated at the University of Aberdeen and the Free...

more






John MacLeod (politician)



Sir John MacLeod TD (23 February 1913 – 3 June 1984) was a British army officer, tweed designer and politician who was a Member of Parliament in the...

more






John Macleod (art director)



John Macleod is the deputy design director of the New York Times. Prior to that he art directed the Business and Science sections of that paper. Before...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








