


MACRORISK CAPITAL PARTNERS 1, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MACRORISK CAPITAL PARTNERS 1, LP
                    

•   PASADENA, CA
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Macrorisk Capital Partners 1 is based out of Pasadena.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2017-05-10. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 4



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MACRORISK CAPITAL PARTNERS 1, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




macrorisk capital partners 1, lp


750 E. WALNUT STREET

PASADENA
CA
                                                        
                                                    91101


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      626-744-3535







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 05/10/2017
D/A filed on 10/12/2016
D/A filed on 07/13/2015
D filed on 08/12/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2017-05-10
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
2,948,000
INDEFINITE


2016-10-12
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
2,948,000
INDEFINITE


2015-07-13
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
1,275,000
INDEFINITE


2014-08-12
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




DAVID   MALONE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



WILLIAM   JENNINGS

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























 







MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Jennings  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    750 E. Walnut Street  
    Pasadena, CA, 91101Phone: 626-744-3535 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-05-10


Amended


$2,948,000


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2016-10-12


Amended


$2,948,000


$1,673,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-07-13


Amended


$1,275,000


$1,275,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2014-08-12


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 William Jennings 
 Executive 


 David Malone 
 Director 





















 


 

Macrorisk Capital Partners 1 Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/164019-macrorisk-capital-partners-1-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=164019  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Macrorisk Capital Partners 1 LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Macrorisk Capital Partners 1 Lp gets funded!Macrorisk Capital Partners 1 LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesCaliforniaPasadenaIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors July 13th, 2015$1,275,000-View DealAugust 12th, 2014Undisclosed-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Macrorisk Capital Partners 1 Lp gets funded?Key peopleDavid MaloneDirectorPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!







MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP - Alumni, Associates, Insider Transactions, Salary and Compensation Updates - Equilar Atlas 












 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In
















MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP

View Full Profile


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view profiles of MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP alumni and associates. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP alumni and associates.
												FOLLOW changes in MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP alumni and associates employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP alumni and associates through your network of contacts.
												







Trustees and Associates (0)








															Stay current on MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP trustees and associates »
															


 







William Jennings
Manager of General Partner @ MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP


View Full Profile












Search

Search for over 80,000 public and private companies, universities and non-profits in the Equilar Atlas real-time database.





/bio



													Example: MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP





















			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP Reg D SEC Securities Filing | Disclosure Quest

















← Back to search


    Currently Viewing:
    
DocumentHTML
0001616442-17-000002.txt




Link to this page



Tweet this filing 


URL copied to clipboard



    Unfortunately, there is no HTML record of this filing.
  












MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP
List of persons related to the company MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP.

CIK Number: 0001616442Company address: 750 E. WALNUT STREET  PASADENA 91101Phone number: 626-744-3535



People related to MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryMalone  David750 E. Walnut Street PasadenaCAJennings  William750 E. Walnut Street PasadenaCA




MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP on the Web












 






 

Macrorisk Capital Partners 1 Lp raised $1,275,000 on July 13th, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/356100-macrorisk-capital-partners-1-lpsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=356100  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Macrorisk Capital Partners 1 Lp raised $1,275,000 on July 13th, 2015.Get alertedif Macrorisk Capital Partners 1 Lp gets funded!Amount:$1,275,000Company:Macrorisk Capital Partners 1 LpInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesCaliforniaPasadenaKey people:David Malone (Director)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D/A - MacroRisk Capital Partners 1, LP (0001616442) (Filer)Description:Macrorisk Capital Partners 1 Lp, a Pasadena, United States-based enterprise specializing in Finance, closed a 1.3M financing. The transaction took place in 2015, July 13th.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!






Bios | Macro Risk Advisors












































Skip to main content









 

Macro Risk Advisors
IDEAS. EXECUTION. INTEGRITY.





IDEAS. EXECUTION. INTEGRITY. 




Analyze
Execute
Connect
 

 
 









 

 









Bios









Bios
Our team is comprised of experienced professionals with a deep understanding of the markets and risk dynamics. Each team member brings a unique perspective and skillset in helping us cover clients effectively. 
Back to Connect







 Dean Curnutt 
  
 Dean Curnutt is Chief Executive Officer of Macro Risk Advisors where he oversees the firm's plan to help clients achieve superior investment results by providing valuable market insight and efficient transaction execution. Prior to forming MRA, Dean was Managing Director and Head of Equity Sales-trading at Banc of America Securities where he was a member of the Global Equities Management Team that set direction for the division. Previously at BofA, Dean was Head of Institutional Equity Derivatives and Convertible Sales. The equity derivatives team was ranked first in overall listed option market share in 2007 and was named the 2005 US Equity Derivatives House of the Year by Derivatives Week for its innovative work to create Options on Realized variance.
Dean is often quoted in the financial press and is a frequent speaker at client and industry conferences. He has presented on financial topics at the University of Chicago, the New York Society of Securities Analysts, the CBOE Risk Management Conference, and Risk Institute. In 2007 he was invited and appeared as the first derivatives panelist at the Barron's Art of Successful Investing Conference.
Dean holds an MBA in analytical finance with highest honors from the University of Chicago where he received the Citibank Award for best performance in finance. He received a Bachelor of Arts, Magna Cum Laude, from St. John's University. He lives in New York City with his wife and two sons and daughter.
  

 Brian Bier 
  
 Brian Bier is a Managing Director and Head of Equity Derivative Sales and Trading for Macro Risk Advisors. Brian leads the sales and execution team, utilizing his expertise in option analytics and deep understanding of risk relationships to deliver superior pricing and advisory services to MRA clients. Prior to joining MRA, Brian was Head of Listed Equity Derivative Trading at Nomura Securities, overseeing all Single Stock and Index/ETF derivative products. He previously ran energy, retail, and technology volatility trading books at Banc of America Securities. Brian began his career at Lehman Brothers where he was a structured equity derivatives trader.
Brian holds a Bachelor of Science in Operations Research from Cornell University, where he graduated magna cum laude and was class valedictorian. He resides in Westchester with his wife and two young children.
  

 Pravit Chintawongvanich 
  
 Pravit Chintawongvanich is the Head of Derivatives Strategy at Macro Risk Advisors. Pravit publishes a daily strategy note focusing on global macro and cross-asset volatility, especially as it relates to the equity derivatives markets and equity index volatility. The daily note covers a wide range of topics including tactical options trade ideas, market analysis & commentary, and higher-level discussion of options strategies. Pravit is a regular guest on Bloomberg TV and CNBC, and his work is frequently cited in Bloomberg, FT, and the Wall Street Journal.
Pravit leads the Derivatives Strategy team, which works with clients on bespoke derivatives solutions including strategy backtests, options trade construction, and volatility screens.
Before joining MRA, Pravit worked in equity derivatives trading and risk management at RBC Capital Markets. Pravit has a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from New Mexico State University and a Master in Mathematical Finance degree from the University of Toronto.
 
 
  

 Brian Connors 
  
 Brian Connors is an Institutional Salestrader at Macro Risk Advisors. Brian brings to the team experience in cash equity trading, allowing MRA to offer greater coverage in this area. He was formerly of Janney Capital Markets where he worked as a senior salesperson and trader on the cash equity desk providing lead coverage to mostly equity long/short hedge funds. 
Brian graduated from UNC-Chapel Hill where he earned a BA with a concentration in finance and management.  He was also a four year scholarship member of the men’s lacrosse team.  Brian currently resides in Manhattan.
  

 Jerry Hammerschmidt 
  
 Jerry Hammerschmidt is an Institutional Salestrader at Macro Risk Advisors. Jerry brings over 20 years of sales trading and derivatives experience to MRA. He will provide strategy and execution services across single stock and index options. Jerry began his career at Morgan Stanley trading options on the floor of the Hang Seng option and futures exchange and held multiple positions within the equity division at the investment bank in Asia and New York. Following his time at MS, Jerry worked for several years at Barclays where he was a director of OTC equity derivatives sales. He most recently worked at Societe Generale in the equity derivatives group. 
Jerry attended Florida State University where he studied Economics. He resides in Armonk with his wife and three children. 
  

 Chris Kettenmann 
  
 Chris Kettenmann is Chief Energy Strategist at Macro Risk Advisors. In this role, Chris generates institutional commentary and trading strategies across listed equities, options and underlying commodities, which contributes to MRA's product focus on energy. Prior to MRA, Chris was Chief Energy Strategist at Prime Executions where he provided research and coverage of integrated oils, onshore U.S. exploration & production companies, and select renewable/industrial stocks. Chris previously ran energy research at Phoenix Partners Group LP. He began his career at Miller Tabak & Co. where he was an associate on the energy research team. 
Chris received a BA in International Relations and Political Science from Carleton College. 
 
  

 Katya Eckert 
  
 Katya Eckert is Vice President of Business Development and Clearing Operations at Macro Risk Advisors. In this role, Katya leads efforts around marketing, prospective client engagement and ongoing client success. Prior to (rejoining) MRA, Katya managed client development for a data intelligence technology firm — Collective[i]. During her first tenure with MRA (2009-2013), Katya oversaw the company calendar of events, spearheaded the trade clearing process and provided executive support to the team. Before MRA, Katya led the North America retention strategy for Quintessentially, a luxury lifestyle group. 
Katya graduated with Bachelor of Arts degrees in Art History and Communication from Rutgers University. Katya is originally from St. Petersburg, Russia and resides in Manhattan.
  

 David Kovtun 
  
 David Kovtun is an Institutional Salestrader at Macro Risk Advisors. With an extensive background in both equity derivatives and fundamentals, David adds to the MRA team a new perspective on volatility across single names. He will provide strategy and execution services across single stock and index options, helping institutional investors manage risk in their portfolios. Prior to joining the team at MRA, David was a Director of Equity Derivatives Sales at Citadel. He began his career as an equity options trader in Susquehanna’s market-making program before joining their equity derivatives sales division in 2002.
He holds a BA degree in Economics from Northwestern University in Chicago. He currently resides in Manhattan.
	 
  

 Mike Marino 
  
 
Mike Marino is an Institutional Salestrader at Macro Risk Advisors. Mike brings to the team a strong expertise in options trading, with a more specific focus on consumer discretionary stocks. He will provide strategy and execution services across single stock and index options, as well as helping long only clients evaluate event risk. Prior to joining the team at MRA, Mike was a Managing Director of Options Sales and Trading at Ladenburg Thalmann, where he helped launch their option trading platform. Mike has traded options in an open outcry environment on both the Philadelphia and Pacific Options Exchanges.

	 

	Mike holds a BA in English Literature and concentration in Economics from St. Michael’s College where he played both Lacrosse and Ice Hockey. He currently resides in Long Island with his wife, two sons and dog.
  

 Clara Miles 
  
 Clara Miles is a junior member of MRA's salestrading team, joining the group as part of the Mentorship and Training program. She works directly with MRA's senior salestraders to learn the art of trading options, as well as market fundamentals and various investment strategies.
Clara graduated from Amherst College with a BS in Mathematics. Clara currently resides in Manhattan.
 
  

 Sonali Patel 
  
 Sonali Patel is a junior member of MRA's salestrading team, joining the group as part of the Mentorship and Training program. She works directly with MRA's senior salestraders to learn the art of trading options, as well as market fundamentals and various investment strategies. Previously, Sonali worked at Goldman Sachs as an analyst.
Sonali graduated from Northwestern University with a BS in Neurobiology and a minor degree from the Kellogg Undergraduate Business Program. Sonali currently resides in Manhattan. 
  

 Scott Rothman 
  
 Scott Rothman is an Institutional Salestrader at Macro Risk Advisors. Scott brings to MRA a broad range of experience in risk management, equity and index listed derivative trading, and cash equity execution. He works with clients to help understand the current needs for hedging their portfolio and evaluates their risk. He also assists clients in finding the optimal derivative strategy to express their trading ideas. Prior to joining Macro Risk Advisors, Scott was the Principal at JFD Securities where, over the course of 12 years, he started and managed a successful business focusing on idea generation and sales trading for a variety of institutional investors, including some of the largest US and UK hedge funds.
Scott received an MBA from Rutgers University and a B.S. from Penn State University. He currently resides in Short Hills, NJ with his wife and three children.
  

 Ling Zhou 
  
 Ling Zhou is a Derivatives Strategist at Macro Risk Advisors. In this role, Ling works with senior strategists, salestraders, and clients in analyzing the markets and developing trade ideas. He also builds tools to assist with back testing strategies and to help clients understand market risks. Prior to joining MRA, Ling was an Assistant Trader at Susquehanna International Group where he traded treasuries and municipal bond ETFs on the fixed income desk and participated in the options market making education program.
Ling graduated magna cum laude from Middlebury College with a BA in Mathematics and Economics. He was a three year letter-winner on the Middlebury varsity football team. Ling currently resides in Manhattan.
  

 Katherine Peralta 
  
 Katherine Peralta is the executive assistant to Dean Curnutt, CEO of Macro Risk Advisors. She also provides executive support to the MRA sales team and serves as the office manager of the firm. Katherine has 5 years' experience working in the financial services industry, most recently providing support to the President of Auerbach Grayson,  a broker dealer firm specializing in emerging and frontier markets. She considers herself to be a very-well rounded person─ an attribute that has always served her well in achieving various project goals.
Katherine holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Communication from Miriam College, a prestigious all-girls private Catholic school in the Philippines, where she is originally from.  She resides in Queens.
  

 David Barry 
  
 David Barry is an Associate in MRA’s product sales team. He works directly with the salestrading and strategy teams to market and disseminate the firm’s macro analysis and ideas on trade construction to institutional clients.  Prior to joining Macro Risk Advisors, David was an Associate in macro sales at Absolute Strategy Research Ltd within the Research Sales group, helping to facility cross-asset and global macro research ideas to hedge funds and institutional managers. David began his career at Bloomberg L.P covering credit sale, trading and structuring desks.
	David graduated from University of Delaware with honors where he earned a BA with a double major in Accounting and Finance. David currently resides in Long Island.
 
  

 




 

  
 

 





