


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Redwood City - Familiar Surroundings Home Care San Jose and Santa Cruz





































































 





Free Home Safety Consultation 
		

Call Now


Serving Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, Contra Costa& San Mateo Counties


"Old Fashioned Values for Today’s Home Care Needs" 
		







Available for In-Home Care Needs
24 Hours a Day 7 Days a Week 
		

Santa Clara    408-979-9990


Santa Cruz     831-480-3990


San Mateo     650-353-9777













Contra Costa     925-516-4912








Wheel Chair Accessible Transportation





 




 

Call Now! Free Home Safety Consultation
1 (408) 979-9990 | Serving all of Santa Cruz   1 (831) 480-3990 | 1 (650) 353-9777| 1 (925) 516-4912Lic. # 434700019

   










Home
Services

Care Management
Transportation
2-24Hour Care
Respite
Personal Care
Veteran’s Services
Placement Services
Hospital-to-Home Program


Testimonials
Company

Careers
About Us
Staff
Contact


Resources

FAQ
Long Term Care Insurance


Home Assessment

Santa Cruz
San Jose
Redwood City
Contra Costa


Blog






Redwood City
Serving Redwood City and Surrounding Areas


“We are more than just another home care company. We are a family run business offering old-fashioned values for today’s home care needs”


Our Services
Personal Services

Companion Care
Couple Care
Respite for Family Caregivers- (3 hrs or longer)
“Hit the Road” (2 hr Transportation Service)
“Rise & Shine” & Tuck-in Care (2 hr Service)
Alzheimer’s / Dementia Care
Veteran  Administration Service
Out Patient Surgery Support and Care
Post Hospitalization Assistance /Rehabilitation
Holiday Helper Service
Chronic Conditions Support and Care
Care Management
Hospice Assistance


Household Services

Light Housekeeping
Laundry / Linen Changes
Ironing
Meal Preparation- Including Specialty Diets
Grocery Shopping
Home Safety Assessment
Implementation of Fall Prevention Program
Medication Reminders
Telephone Check-in Service
Pet Care
Supervisory Visits

 Serving All Of Santa Cruz(831) 480-3990
Serving All Of San Jose1 (408) 979-9990
Serving All Of Redwood City1 (650) 353-9777
Serving All of Contra Costa County1 (925) 516-4912
Serving Santa Clara, San Mateo & Santa Cruz Counties

Hourly
2 to 24 Hour Care
Respite
Transportation
Bathing
Couple Care

Available for In-Home Care Needs 24 hours a day 7 Days a Week
Click Here For A Brochure


Free In Home Consultation


NamePhone*Email*

Service*Service ConsultationSenior CareTransportationAlzheimer's CareEmploymentOther

 











Certifications and Affiliations







 
 




© Familiar Surroundings Home Care


On The Web:



Facebook



Yelp



Twitter



YouTube








	    					Santa Clara: 1 (408) 979-9990
	    					Santa Cruz: 1 (831) 480-3990
	    					San Mateo: 1 (650) 353-9777
	    					Contra Costa: 1 (925) 516-4912
	    					Fax: 1 (408) 264-1907
                                                Lic. # 434700019
	    				



support@fshomecare.com
	    					Phone 1 (408) 979-9990
	    					Fax 1 (408) 264-1907
	    				



1568 Meridian Ave., San Jose, CA 95125
2901 Park Ave., Suite C3, Soquel, CA 95073
555 Veterans Blvd. Suite 119, Redwood City, CA 94063
3850 Balfour Road Suite N, Brentwood, CA 94513



Website Policies, Disclaimer & PRIVACY POLICY








Menu TitleHomeServices▼Care ManagementTransportation2-24Hour CareRespitePersonal CareVeteran’s ServicesPlacement ServicesHospital-to-Home ProgramTestimonialsCompany▼CareersAbout UsStaffContactResources▼FAQLong Term Care InsuranceHome Assessment▲Santa CruzSan JoseRedwood CityContra CostaBlog



 


































MADISON REALTY SENIOR CARE FUND, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MADISON REALTY SENIOR CARE FUND, LLC
                    

•   LAFAYETTE, CO
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Madison Realty Senior Care Fund is based out of Lafayette.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-25.  The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Tenant-in-Common Securities,Other
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MADISON REALTY SENIOR CARE FUND, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




madison realty senior care fund, llc


225 WANEKA PARKWAY

LAFAYETTE
CO
                                                        
                                                    80026


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      8779787562







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/25/2016
D/A filed on 09/18/2015
D filed on 07/21/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-25
D/A
COMMERCIAL

      Equity,Tenant-in-Common Securities,Other
    
50,000,000
870,699
49,129,301


2015-09-18
D/A
COMMERCIAL

      Equity,Tenant-in-Common Securities,Other
    
50,000,000
0
50,000,000


2015-07-21
D
COMMERCIAL

      Equity,Tenant-in-Common Securities,Other
    
50,000,000
0
50,000,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




GARY   LANGENDOEN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      



KIRK MATTHEW  ARNOLD

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      



MATTHEW   ARNOLD

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 

Madison Realty Senior Care Fund Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/204122-madison-realty-senior-care-fund-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=204122  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Madison Realty Senior Care Fund LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Madison Realty Senior Care Fund Llc gets funded!Madison Realty Senior Care Fund LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesColoradoLafayetteIndustry:Consumer Products and Services Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors September 17th, 2015Undisclosed-View DealJuly 16th, 2015Undisclosed-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Madison Realty Senior Care Fund Llc gets funded?Key peopleMatthew ArnoldExecutive OfficerGary LangendoenExecutive Officer, PromoterPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Madison Realty Senior Care Fund, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 26, 2017 8:09 AM ET

Company Overview of Madison Realty Senior Care Fund, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Madison Realty Senior Care Fund, LLC operates in the commercial real estate industry. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Lafayette, Colorado.


225 Waneka ParkwayLafayette, CO 80026United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 877-978-7562








Key Executives for Madison Realty Senior Care Fund, LLC


Madison Realty Senior Care Fund, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Madison Realty Senior Care Fund, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























﻿







Madison Realty Senior Care Fund  Filing. David M Griffith  Published Jul 16  form – Octafinance






















































 








Wednesday, 26 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Madison Realty Senior Care Fund  Filing. David M Griffith  Published Jul 16  form


07/21/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Madison Realty Senior Care Fund  Filing. David M Griffith  Published Jul 16  form and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/madison-realty-senior-care-fund-filing-david-m-griffith-published-jul-16-form/110859/.CaptchaSubmit
Madison Realty Senior Care Fund  Form D
The Colorado-based Madison Realty Senior Care Fund, Llc  filed  Form D  for $50.00 million offering. This is a new filing.  Madison Realty Senior Care Fund, Llc is expected to  finance itself with $50.00 million in this  offering. The total  offering amount was $50.00 million.  This form was filed on 2015-07-16. Madison Realty Senior Care Fund, Llc’s clarification was: Assumes that the maximum offering of $50,000,000 is sold.  The offering has $50.00 million left to be raised and is still open.
 Madison Realty Senior Care Fund  is based in Colorado. The  filler’s business is Commercial. The  SEC form was  signed by David M Griffith Legal Counsel.  The company was incorporated in 2015. The filler’s address is: 225 Waneka Parkway, Lafayette, Co, Colorado, 80026.  Gary Langendoen is the related person in the form and it has address: 3452 East Foothill Blvd., Suite 200, Pasadena, Ca, California, 91107. Link to Madison Realty Senior Care Fund  Filing: 000114420415043451.
Analysis of Madison Realty Senior Care Fund  Offering
On average,  startups in the Commercial sector, sell 65.22%  pooled investment interest. Madison Realty Senior Care Fund  sold 0.00% of the offering. The average  investment size is $1.60 million for companies in the Commercial industry sector. The total amount raised is 100.00% smaller than the average for companies in the Commercial sector. 

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: CommercialFundraising $1m+



The President & CEO of SPS Commerce, Inc. (NASDAQ:SPSC), Archie Black Unloaded 5,000 Shares Insider Trading: William Crawford Unloaded 5,000 Shares of BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF) 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?
























Madison Realty Senior Care Fund, LLC - Commercial- Arnold  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Madison Realty Senior Care Fund, LLC

      Industry: Commercial
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    925 S. Niagara Street, Suite 340  
    Denver, CO, 80224Phone: 8779787562 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-25


Amended


$870,699


$870,699


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2015-09-18


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2015-07-21


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Matthew Arnold 
 Executive 


 Kirk Matthew Arnold 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Gary Langendoen 
 Executive, Promoter 
















			Home | Madison Realty Companies		


































Debug














English
繁體中文
 




Home
About UsOur Mission Statement and Values
Founding Partners
Meet our Executive Team

Property Banking Programs in the U.S.
EB-5 U.S. Visa Programs
Client ServicesAdvisory SolutionsAcquisition/Brokerage
1031 Exchange
Asset/Property Management
Construction Management

Investment PropertiesGarden Style Apartments
Office/Industrial
Self Storage
Senior Housing/Assisted Living
Single Family Homes
Student Housing


News Archive
Contact Us
 








 
Investment Programs for Senior Housing







 
Investing in Single Family Homes







 
Read more...








 

 



House Video
Senior Assisted Living 








繁體中文









 Who We Are
Madison Realty Companies is a private real estate firm with expertise in acquiring income producing real estate. We were founded over 20 years ago.




 Why Us
Each member of our senior executive team has 30 plus years of individual experience. We have acquired and managed over six billion dollars of U.S. real estate in over 30 states.




 Investment Strategy
Our clients are institutions, individuals and foreign investors who are seeking risk adjusted, attractive rates of return.
Safety. We purchase properties below market value. This provides us a margin of error.
Upside. We upgrade or expand properties to add value to our investors’ capital and increase cash flows.



 






News


There are currently no news stories to show.  Check back soon!

 


				Madison Realty Companies  |  P: 877.978.7562  |  Privacy Policy | BBB A+
				925 South Niagara Street, Suite 340, Denver, Colorado 80224
				3452 East Foothill Boulevard, Suite 200, Pasadena, California 91107







 

Madison Realty Senior Care Fund Llc raised funds  on September 17th, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/372627-madison-realty-senior-care-fund-llcsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=372627  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Madison Realty Senior Care Fund Llc raised funds  on September 17th, 2015.Get alertedif Madison Realty Senior Care Fund Llc gets funded!Amount:UndisclosedCompany:Madison Realty Senior Care Fund LlcInvestors:-Industry:Consumer Products and ServicesCountry:State:City:United StatesColoradoLafayetteKey people:Matthew Arnold (Executive Officer) Gary Langendoen (Executive Officer, Promoter)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D/A - Madison Realty Senior Care Fund, LLC (0001648374) (Filer)Description:The investment took place in September 17th, 2015. Madison Realty Senior Care Fund Llc is specialized in Consumer Products and Services.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Madison Realty Companies Archives - Senior Housing News






































































Senior Housing NewsBusiness information and analysis about Seniors Housing


Senior Housing Investments & Transactions: SLIB Closes $78 Million Portfolio
August 8, 2016 by Amy Baxter 

SLIB Closes Sale of Four Washington Facilities for $78 Million Senior Living Investment Brokerage, Inc. (SLIB) has closed the sale of four Washington assisted living and independent living communities for a total of $78 million. The portfolio is a collection of four properties located in Read More »




Senior Housing Investments & Transactions: Greystone Closes $210 Million Portfolio Sale
June 1, 2016 by Amy Baxter 

Greystone Closes $210 Million Sale of 8-Property Senior Housing Portfolio  Greystone Real Estate Advisors, a real estate lending, investment and advisory company, closed the sale of an eight-property senior housing portfolio for $210 million. Seven of the properties are in Texas, with another located in Read More »




Senior Housing Investments & Acquisitions: Atria, Global Healthcare REIT, Fortress
February 19, 2014 by Alyssa Gerace 

Cahill Group Buys $250 Million Senior Care Portfolio Cahill Group recently announced it has completed the $250 million acquisition of the Rosewood skilled nursing and health care portfolio, based in St. Louis, Missouri.  The acquisition includes skilled nursing facilities, senior living, home health, and other Read More »




Private Investors Chase Senior Housing Deals Under the REIT Radar
August 20, 2013 by Alyssa Gerace 

While real estate investment trusts (REITs) are known for being long-term asset holders, some private investors are pursuing a shorter term, value-add strategy, often in the hopes of attracting REITs’ deep pockets. Rather than hold senior housing properties long term, another strategy is to make Read More »




Senior Housing Investments & Acquisitions (8/4/13)
August 4, 2013 by Alyssa Gerace 

Holiday Retirement Assumes Management of N.Y. Senior Community Holiday Retirement announced in late July it has assumed management for The Manor at Woodside, an independent living community in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., following a recent acquisition from Woodside Associates.  The Manor at Woodside is a 111-unit retirement Read More »




Newsletter Signup


✉Sign up for news and updates from Senior Housing News
	









Sponsored By


















The Latest Senior Living Research

The Urban Opportunity: Senior Living in the City


The Memory Care Opportunity: Development and Design Trends


The Senior Living Dining Evolution


Insights and the Future of Wellness in Senior Living


Innovative Food & Dining Trends in Senior Living


View all the reports




Jobs Board





Regional Manager at Wallick Communities (Ohio, United States)






Chief Executive Officer at Good Shepherd Health Center (Mason City, IA, United States)






Director of Sales and Marketing at Menno Haven Inc. (Chambersburg, PA, United States)






Sales Specialist- Illinois and Wisconsin at Senior Lifestyle (Chicago, IL, United States)






Sales Specialist- Texas at Senior Lifestyle (Chicago, IL, United States)






 




Popular
Recent
Comments





 Brinker Responds to Welltower’s Allegations 864 views
 What Senior Living Can Learn from an Iconic American Brand 610 views
 Top U.S. Cities for Independent Living Rent Growth 543 views
 Dished: Hot New Trends in Memory Care Dining 396 views
 Why Many Families Experience Assisted Living Sticker Shock 224 views




Visit the SHN Resource Library for In-Depth Reports And MoreWhy Many Families Experience Assisted Living Sticker ShockDished: Hot New Trends in Memory Care DiningMovers & Shakers: Erickson Living, Presbyterian Homes
 

 Anonymous on Editor’s Take: It’s 4:20 Somewhere, But Senior Living Won’t Talk About It Anonymous on New Year, New Senior Housing News Anonymous on Dished: How Providers Are Getting Creative With Controlling Food Costs Anonymous on New Year, New Senior Housing News 



Navigation
News
Business Insight and Information
Advertise
About Senior Housing News
SHN Summit Events
Senior Housing Jobs

Privacy and Terms
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service

Search our Site
Search










































































 
















Madison Realty Acquires Assisted Living Facility in Florida from Pacor for $9.4M




























 







Industry EventsMagazineNewsletterAbout UsAdvertisingContact Us










 



HomeThe Latest News— The Latest News— Finance— Development— Investment— Operations— Legal Issues— Technology— People— Company News— Skilled Nursing— Memory Care— CCRC— Assisted Living— Independent LivingIndustry VoicesFrom The MagazineSubscribe 











Madison Realty Acquires Assisted Living Facility in Florida from Pacor for $9.4M

November 12, 2015
Published in The Latest News





  

 LONGWOOD, Fla. — Madison Realty Equities LLC, a private real estate firm based in California, has purchased Cornerstone at Longwood, an 80-unit assisted living and memory care facility in the Orlando suburb of Longwood, for $9.4 million.


Kenneth Carriero, national director, and Damien Carriero, vice president of Colliers International National Seniors Housing Group, arranged the transaction on behalf of the seller, Pacor Inc.
Cornerstone at Longwood is a 32,968-square-foot facility with 112 beds, representing a final price of $117,500 per unit or $83,928 per bed.
In 2008, Kenneth Carriero brokered the sale to Pacor, which then repositioned the property through renovations to the memory care wing and the assisted living units.  

 Tagged under

 assisted living 







 Tweet




 






Email







More News 





CA Ventures, Senior Lifestyle Corp. Open 116-Unit Community in KansasOVERLAND PARK, Kan. — CA Senior Living and Senior Lifestyle Corp. have opened the doors on Sheridan at Overland Park, a 116-unit assisted living and memory care community in the…
Capital One Closes $12M HUD Refinancing for 128-Bed Skilled Nursing Facility Near PortlandGRESHAM, Ore. — Capital One has provided a $12 million fixed-rate HUD 232/223(f) loan to refinance Regency Gresham, a 128-bed skilled nursing facility in the Portland suburb of Gresham.

Marcus & Millichap Arranges $30M Sale of Affordable Community in FloridaCUTLER BAY, Fla. — Marcus & Millichap has arranged the $30 million sale of Cabana Club Apartments, a 332-unit affordable seniors housing community in the Miami suburb of Cutler Bay.

Roger B. Kennedy Breaks Ground on $8M Expansion in TallahasseeTALLAHASSEE, Fla. — Roger B. Kennedy Construction has broken ground on assisted living and memory care expansions at Tapestry Tallahassee Walden in Tallahassee.

LCS Promotes David Laffey to Executive Vice PresidentDES MOINES, Iowa — LCS has promoted David Laffey from senior vice president to executive vice president, at LCS Real Estate. Laffey was also appointed to the board of managers…
KWA Construction Breaks Ground on 154-Unit Community in TexasGARLAND, Texas — KWA Construction has broken ground on Firewheel Senior Living Residences, a 154-unit seniors housing community in Garland, located in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex.

Capital One Closes HUD Loans Totaling $27.2M to Refinance Tennessee Skilled Nursing PortfolioJOHNSON CITY, SMYRNA and SHELBYVILLE, Tenn. — Capital One announced has provided three fixed-rate HUD loans totaling $27.2 million to Strawberry Fields REIT. The loans will refinance a portfolio of…
Summit Healthcare REIT Acquires Assisted Living Community in Arizona for $13.4MCHANDLER, Ariz. — Summit Healthcare REIT Inc. has acquired Pennington Gardens, a 90-bed assisted living and memory care facility in the Phoenix suburb of Chandler for $13.4 million.

MorningStar, Confluent Break Ground on 104-Unit Community Near PortlandBEAVERTON, Ore. — Co-developers MorningStar Senior Living and Confluent Senior Living have broken ground on MorningStar of Beaverton, a 104-unit assisted living and memory care community in the Portland suburb…
Lancaster Pollard Arranges $6.5M Refinancing for 95-Unit Independent Living Community in CaliforniaRIVERSIDE, Calif. — Lancaster Pollard has arranged a $6.5 million refinancing for Magnolia Grand, a 95-unit independent living community in Riverside, located in the Inland Empire region of California.



Sims Closes $93M Bond Financing for Construction of CCRC in New HampshireKEENE, N.H. — HJ Sims has closed $93 million in tax-exempt bonds, which will be used toward the development of Hillside Village, a continuing care retirement community (CCRC) in Keene.

Goodman Group Breaks Ground on 30-Bed Rehab Center at Existing Community in FloridaNAPLES, Fla. ─ The Goodman Group has broken ground on Terracina Health & Rehabilitation, a 30-bed transitional care unit at its Terrancia seniors housing in Naples.

Starling to Build 140-unit Independent Living Community Near JacksonvillePONTE VEDRA, Fla. — Starling, a senior living owner and operator with communities in Florida and Tennessee, will soon break ground on a 140-unit independent living development in Nocatee, the…
SLIB Brokers Sale of 48-Unit Assisted Living Community in IdahoRATHDRUM, Idaho — Senior Living Investment Brokerage has arranged the sale of Generations Assisted Living and Wellness, a 48-unit assisted living community in Rathdrum, for an undisclosed price.

Strawberry Fields REIT Acquires Skilled Nursing Facility in Indiana for $1MLEBANON, Ind. — Strawberry Fields REIT LLC has acquired Hickory Creek at Lebanon, a 64-bed skilled nursing facility in the Indianapolis suburb of Lebanon, for $1 million.

Blueprint Arranges $5.4M Sale of 120-Bed Skilled Nursing Facility Near DenverAURORA, Colo. — Blueprint Healthcare Real Estate Advisors has arranged the sale of Sable Care and Rehabilitation Center, a 120-bed skilled nursing facility in the Denver suburb of Aurora, for…
Focus Healthcare Partners Closes $312M Private Equity Fund, Plans to Invest Total of $900M in Seniors HousingCHICAGO — Focus Healthcare Partners LLC, a Chicago-based private real estate investment firm targeting the seniors housing sector, has closed its first discretionary investment fund, Focus Senior Housing Fund I…
Sims Mortgage Funding Closes $6.4M HUD Loan for Affordable Community in New JerseyMARGATE, N.J. — Sims Mortgage Funding, a subsidiary of HJ Sims, has arranged a $6.4 million HUD loan for Margate Terrace, an affordable seniors housing community in Margate, a beach…
Cadence Senior Living Acquires Assisted Living Community in CaliforniaORANGE, Calif. — Cadence Senior Living has acquired Kirkwood Orange, an assisted living and memory care community in Orange, Calif., located southeast of Los Angeles.

Five Star Completes Rehabilitation Center at Existing Community in IndianaBLOOMINGTON, Ind. — Five Star Senior Living Inc. (NASDAQ: FVE) has completed a new short-term rehabilitation center at Meadowood Retirement Community in Bloomington.



Evans Senior Investments Arranges $4.3M Sale of Memory Care Community Near LouisvilleJEFFERSONTOWN, Ky. — A private equity firm has acquired Park Louisville, a memory care facility in the Louisville suburb of Jeffersontown, for $4.3 million.

Skender Construction Completes 62,000 SF Affordable Community in ChicagoCHICAGO — Skender Construction has completed J. Michael Fitzgerald Apartments, a 62,000-square-foot affordable seniors housing community in Chicago’s North Park Village.

MedEquities to Acquire Two Skilled Nursing Facilities in Indiana for $15MBROOKVILLE and LIBERTY, Ind. — MedEquities Realty Trust (NYSE: MRT) has agreed to acquire Brookville Healthcare Center in Brookville and Whitewater Commons Senior Living Center in Liberty, both skilled nursing…
McGrath & Associates promotes Scott Olson to Healthcare Business ManagerST. LOUIS, Mo. — McGrath & Associates, a St. Louis-based general contractor, has promoted Scott Olson to the position of healthcare business manager.

Walker & Dunlop Arranges $28.2M Construction Loan for 137-Unit Community in ColoradoMONUMENT, Colo. — Walker & Dunlop Inc. has structured a $28.2 million construction loan for Jackson Creek Senior Living, a 137-unit assisted living facility in Monument, located between Denver and…
Joint Venture to Develop 120,000 SF Community in CharlestonCHARLESTON, S.C. — A joint venture between Alex. Brown Realty Inc. (ABR), Wakefield Capital and Affinity Living Group has announced development plans for Indigo Hall, a 120,000-square-foot seniors housing community…
Five Star Completes Renovations of CCRC in IllinoisARLINGTON HEIGHTS, Ill. — Five Star Senior Living (NASDAQ: FVE) has completed renovations at Church Creek Senior Living, a continuing care retirement community in the Chiacgo suburb of Arlington Heights.

Koelsch to Break Ground on $24M Memory Care Community Near SeattleKIRKLAND, Wash. — Koelsch Communities will break ground July 19 on Jefferson House, an 80-bed memory care community in the Seattle suburb of Kirkland.

Harborview Closes $48.6M in Financing for Two Skilled Nursing Facilities in FloridaTAMPA and JUPITER, Fla. — Harborview Capital Partners, a commercial real estate finance, equity and advisory firm, has arranged a $44.8 million loan for two skilled nursing facilities in Tampa…
Isakson Living Adds Memory Care Property to CCRC in GeorgiaSTONE MOUNTAIN, Ga. — Isakson Living has opened Park Springs Health Services, a memory care community adjacent to the company’s Park Springs continuing care retirement community in the Atlanta suburb…


WNC Closes $144 Million Institutional LIHTC FundIRVINE, Calif. — WNC, an Irvine-based real estate investor, has closed WNC Institutional Tax Credit Fund 43 LP, a $144 million institutional low-income housing tax credit (LIHTC) fund.

Newmark Knight Frank Adds Senior Housing Investment Experts Rob Black, Sean McNeeSAN DIEGO — Newmark Knight Frank (NKF), a commercial real estate advisory firm, has added Rob Black and Sean McNee as senior managing directors. McNee and Black both specialize in…
As market shifts, HUD financing program attracts more borrowersA Q&A with Capital One’s Josh Rosen

Providence One, Watercrest Break Ground on 128-Unit Community in FloridaKISSIMMEE, Fla. — Providence One Partners and Watercrest Senior Living Group have broken ground on Sage Park Assisted Living and Memory Care, a 128-unit community in the Orlando suburb of…
Shawn Johnston to Replace HCP Chief Accounting Officer Scott AndersonIRVINE, Calif. — HCP (NYSE: HCP), the fourth largest owner of seniors housing properties in the United States, has hired Shawn Johnston as senior vice president and chief accounting officer (CAO).

Capital Senior Living Corp. Hires Brett Lee as Chief Operating OfficerDALLAS — Capital Senior Living Corp. (NYSE: CSU), one of the country’s largest operators of senior living communities, has hired Brett Lee as executive vice president and chief operating officer…
Greystone Provides $29 Million HUD Loan for Skilled Nursing Facility in New York CityNEW YORK CITY — Greystone, a real estate lending, investment and advisory company, has provided a $29 million HUD-insured permanent loan for Sapphire Center for Rehab & Nursing of Central…
Lancaster Pollard Fund Acquires 38-Unit Memory Care Community in Idaho for $9.3MCOEUR D’ALENE, Idaho — Lancaster Pollard’s Propero Seniors Housing Equity Fund II has acquired Creekside Inn, a 38-unit, 65-bed memory care facility in Coeur d’Alene, approximately 30 miles east of…
State Approves Pre-Leasing at Long Island CCRC Fountaingate GardensCOMMACK, N.Y. — The New York State Department of Health has approved the start of resident reservations at Fountaingate Gardens, a continuing care retirement community (CCRC) under development in Commack…
Confluent Sells Two MorningStar-Operated Communities in SouthwestWHEAT RIDGE, Colo., and ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — Confluent Senior Living, a subsidiary of Denver-based Confluent Development, has sold two of its communities, MorningStar of Wheat Ridge and MorningStar of Albuquerque.



General Atlantic, Silver Lake to Acquire A Place for MomSEATTLE — Technology investor Silver Lake and equity firm General Atlantic have agreed to acquire A Place For Mom, a Seattle-based seniors housing referral service. The seller is the company’s…
SLIB Brokers $17M Sale of 67-Unit Assisted Living Community in GeorgiaBLUE RIDGE, Ga. — Senior Living Investment Brokerage has arranged the sale of Blue Ridge Assisted Living for $17 million.

The Goodman Group Promotes Bill Howell to Director of Operational DevelopmentCHASKA, Minn. — The Goodman Group, a seniors housing and multifamily developer, has promoted Bill Howell to director of operational development within its subsidiary, JBG Design & Development.

iBorrow Provides $9.3M Bridge Loan for Assisted Living Renovations Near Los AngelesLONG BEACH, Calif. — iBorrow, a private commercial real estate lender, has provided a $9.3 million bridge loan for an assisted living community’s renovations in the Los Angeles suburb of…
Chicago Pacific Founders Acquires 160-Unit Community in Las VegasLAS VEGAS — Chicago Pacific Founders (CPF) and its subsidiaries, CPF Living Communities and Grace Management Inc., have acquired Acacia Springs, a 160-unit seniors housing community in Las Vegas.

Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV to Acquire Eight-Facility Portfolio in Northern CaliforniaSAN FRANCISCO — American Healthcare Investors and Griffin Capital Co. LLC, the co-sponsors of Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV Inc., have announced the fund will acquire a 327-unit, eight-property portfolio of…
Summit Vista Breaks Ground on 105-Acre CCRC in UtahTAYLORSVILLE, Utah — Construction has commenced for Summit Vista, a 105-acre continuing care retirement community in the Salt Lake Valley city of Taylorsville.

Kisco Opens New Healthcare Building at CCRC in RaleighRALEIGH, N.C. — Kisco Senior Living has opened the new Healthcare Services Building at The Cardinal at North Hills, a continuing care retirement community in Raleigh.

KeyBank Provides $7.3M in Financing for Seniors Housing Apartments in Upstate New YorkGLOVERSVILLE, N.Y. — KeyBank’s Community Development Lending & Investment team will provide a total of $7.3 million in financing to Liberty Affordable Housing.

IMPACT Strategies Completes $17.5M Seniors Housing Community in St. Charles, MissouriST. CHARLES, MO. — IMPACT Strategies has completed Cedarhust of St. Charles, a $17.5 million seniors housing community in St. Charles.



MBH Brokers Sale of 114-Unit Seniors Housing Portfolio in WisconsinJANESVILLE AND SHEBOYGAN, WIS. — MBH Investment Real Estate LLC has brokered the sale of Janesville Regency House and Sheboygan Regency House in Wisconsin. The sales price was not disclosed.

Sabra Health Care REIT Hires Brent Chappell as Executive Vice PresidentIRVINE, Calif. — Sabra Health Care REIT Inc. (NASDAQ: SBRA), an Irvine-based REIT focused primarily on seniors housing, has hired Brent Chappell as executive vice president and portfolio manager.

Allegro Breaks Ground on 87-Unit Assisted Living Community in MissouriRICHMOND HEIGHTS, Mo. — Allegro Senior Living, a seniors housing developer and operator, has broken ground on an 87-unit assisted living and memory care community in the St. Louis suburb…
Top Capital of New York Delivers $18M Community Near RochesterBROCKPORT, N.Y. — Top Capital of New York LLC has completed construction of Chateau at Heritage Square, an independent living and assisted living community in the Rochester suburb of Brockport.

Kindred to Sell Entire Skilled Nursing Business to BM Eagle for $910MLOUISVILLE, Ky. — Kindred Healthcare Inc. (NYSE: KND) has announced plans to sell the entire skilled nursing portion of its business to BM Eagle Holdings for a total value of…
Blue Moon Capital Partners Buys 117-Unit Community in Boulder, ColoradoBOULDER, Colo — Blue Moon Capital Partners, a Boston-based private equity investor, has acquired The Carillon at Boulder Creek, a 117-unit seniors housing community near the University of Colorado in…
ESI Brokers $14.4M Sale of 77-Unit Assisted Living Community in TexasMISSOURI CITY, Texas — Evans Senior Investments (ESI) has arranged the sale of Oyster Creek Manor in the southeast Texas city of Missouri City for $14.4 million, or $186,000 per…
Solera, Elkco Acquire 80-Unit Assisted Living Community in Clearwater, FloridaCLEARWATER, Fla. — A joint venture between affiliates of Solera Senior Living LLC and Elkco Properties Inc. has purchased Inn on the Pond, an 80-unit assisted living and memory care…
CBRE Arranges Financing for 116-Unit Independent Living Community in Las VegasLAS VEGAS — CBRE has arranged financing for The Echelon, a 116-unit independent living community in Las Vegas.

Watercrest Breaks Ground on Memory Care Community in Palm Coast, FloridaPALM COAST, Fla. — Watercrest Senior Living Group has broken ground on a new Market Street Memory Care Residence in Palm Coast, located approximately midway between Jacksonville and Orlando.



Kramer to Step Down as NIC CEO, Jurutka to ReplaceANNAPOLIS, Md. — Robert Kramer, the longtime CEO of The National Investment Center for Seniors Housing & Care (NIC), has announced that he will transition to the role of “founder…
Walker & Dunlop Arranges $20M Loan for Construction of Age-Restricted Community in WisconsinSHOREWOOD, Wis. — Walker & Dunlop Inc. (NYSE: WD) has structured a $20 million loan for The Oaks of Shorewood, an age-restricted community under development in the Milwaukee suburb of…
Harrison Street Raises $1.15B for New Investment FundCHICAGO — Harrison Street Real Estate Capital, a Chicago-based private equity firm that invests in education, healthcare and storage real estate, has completed a capital raise of $1.15 billion for…
CBRE Arranges $16.7M Construction Financing for 85-Unit Community in New JerseySHREWSBURY, N.J. — CBRE has arranged construction financing totaling $16.7 million for The Chelsea of Shrewsbury, an 85-unit assisted living and memory care community in Shrewsbury, approximately 50 miles south…
Bridge Investment Group Completes $1.6B Capital Raise for Investment FundSALT LAKE CITY — Bridge Investment Group, an investment fund manager headquartered in Salt Lake City, has completed a $1.6 billion in equity commitments, which will be managed by the…
Frampton Construction Adds Selby Austin as Project EngineerCHARLESTON, S.C. — Frampton Construction Co. LLC, a regional full-service construction firm, has added Selby Austin as project engineer in the Charleston office.

Enlivant Buys Four Communities in Indiana, Iowa for $14.3MCHICAGO — Enlivant, a Chicago-based owner operator, has acquired a portfolio of four assisted living communities, three in Indiana and one in Iowa, for $14.3 million, or $102,000 per unit.

Monticello Provides $37M Loan to Skilled Nursing Facility in OhioNORTH OLMSTEAD, Ohio — Monticello Asset Management, through one of its investment vehicles, has originated $37 million in first lien debt financing for Clermont Nursing Realty LLC, a skilled nursing…
SLIB Brokers $1.3M Sale of Skilled Nursing Facility in TexasKNOX CITY, Texas — Senior Living Investment Brokerage has arranged the sale of an undisclosed skilled nursing facility in Knox City area for $1.3 million. The property is located between…
Housing & Healthcare Finance Arranges $6M HUD Refinancing for Skilled Nursing Facility Near Los AngelesLOS ANGELES — Housing & Healthcare Finance has arranged a $6 million HUD refinancing for a 99-bed skilled nursing facility in the greater Los Angeles area. The name of the…


Thoma-Holec Design Promotes Keith Stanton to Director of Design DevelopmentMESA, Ariz. —Thoma-Holec Design LLC, an interior design firm serving the senior living industry, has promoted Keith Stanton to director of design development. Stanton currently serves as senior interior designer.

Capitol Seniors Housing Completes Community in New Jersey, Plans Two MoreSHREWSBURY, MT. LAUREL and MORRIS PLAINS, N.J. — Capitol Seniors Housing (CSH), a senior living investment and development firm based in Washington, D.C., has completed construction of Arbor Terrace Morris…
Kendal to Add 30 Cottages to CCRC in VirginiaLEXINGTON, Va. — Kendal Corp., a nonprofit owner-operator based in Pennsylvania, has announced plans to add 30 new cottages to Kendal at Lexington, a 120-unit continuing care retirement community in…
Methodist Homes Hires Daniel March as Executive Director of CCRC in BirminghamBIRMINGHAM, Ala. — Methodist Homes of Alabama & Northwest Florida has hired Daniel March, a licensed nursing home administrator and former minister, as the new executive director of Fair Haven…
ZRG Executive Search Firm Adds Kevin Jones for Expansion into Commercial Real EstatePITTSBURGH — ZRG Partners, an executive search and talent management firm, is expanding into the commercial real estate arena with the hiring of Kevin Jones as managing director. Jones will…
JV Buys Former Hotel in Phoenix to Convert to Assisted LivingPHOENIX — A joint venture between Bruckal Developments and Ridgeline Properties has purchased a former Country Inn & Suites in Phoenix for $8.3 million. The buyers plan to convert the…
Lancaster Pollard Closes $99.1M in Refinancing Loans for Granite Investment Group’s Texas Skilled Nursing PortfolioIRVINE, Calif. — Lancaster Pollard has closed 13 separate refinancing transactions totaling $99.1 million for Granite Investment Group, an Irvine-based investor.

TNRG, MedCore Reveal Plans for New Community Near HoustonATASCOCITA, Texas — A joint venture between Houston-based The National Realty Group (TNRG) and Dallas-based MedCore Partners have unveiled plans for an independent living, assisted living and memory care community…
Harborview Arranges $20.7M Acquisition Loan, Line of Credit for Skilled Nursing Facility in New YorkWESTCHESTER, N.Y. — Harborview Capital Partners, a commercial real estate finance, equity and advisory firm, has arranged a $19.2 million bridge-to-HUD acquisition loan and  $1.5 million line of credit for…
LeadingAge Launches Center for Workforce Solutions to Help Operators with Labor IssuesWASHINGTON, D.C. — LeadingAge, a seniors housing industry association representing nonprofit operators, has launched The LeadingAge Center for Workforce Solutions, which will focus on workforce resources for the aging services…


Forum Architecture Completes Design for 125-Unit Community in FloridaLADY LAKE, Fla. — Forum Architecture & Interior Design has completed design work for Village Veranda at Lady Lake, an assisted living community in Lady Lake, approximately 50 miles northwest…
CA Ventures Hires Sean Spellman as Chief Development OfficerCHICAGO — Real estate investment holding company CA Ventures has named Sean Spellman as its new chief development officer.

Blue Moon Capital Appoints Kevin Donahue as Managing DirectorBOSTON — Blue Moon Capital Partners LP, a seniors housing private equity investor based in Boston, has hired Kevin Donahue as a managing director of investments.

Technology, Marketing Will Shape Future of Seniors Housing, Say InterFace Panelists“What do you think the consumer of 2022 or 2027 is going to want as far as technology or amenities?” That was the opening question posed to participants on the…
Walker & Dunlop Structures $6.9M Loan for Affordable Community in OrlandoORLANDO, Fla. — Walker & Dunlop Inc. has structured a $6.9 million loan for William Booth Towers, an age-restricted, Section 8 apartment community in Orlando.

Virginia United Methodist Homes Rebrands as Pinnacle LivingRICHMOND, Va. — Virginia United Methodist Homes Inc., a faith-based owner-operator of seven seniors housing communities in Virginia, has changed its name to Pinnacle Living.

PSRS Arranges $2.6M Acquisition Financing for 26-Unit Community in San DiegoSAN DIEGO — PSRS has arranged $2.6 million in acquisition financing for Melroy Investments, which will use the funds to purchase a three-story, 26-unit seniors housing community in San Diego’s…
Methodist Homes Hires Patrick Davies as Executive Director of Newly Renovated Community in AlabamaDOTHAN, Ala. — Methodist Homes of Alabama & Northwest Florida has hired Patrick Davies as the executive director of Wesley Place on Honeysuckle, a skilled nursing facility in Dothan, located…
Columbia Pacific Advisors to Acquire Hawthorn Retirement GroupSEATTLE and VANCOUVER, Wash. — Columbia Pacific Advisors, a real estate investment fund manager, has agreed to acquire Hawthorn Retirement Group, a seniors housing owner-operator, for an undisclosed price.

Sims Arranges $6.3M in Bonds for CCRC Expansion in KansasOVERLAND PARK, Kan. — HJ Sims has arranged $6.3 million in pre-development bond financing to expand Village Shalom, a continuing care retirement community (CCRC) in the Kansas City suburb of…


Monticello Provides $34.1M Acquisition Loan for 256-Bed Skilled Nursing Facility in New YorkNEW YORK CITY — Monticello Asset Management LLC has provided $34.1 million in financing to Elener Associates LLC and W Management Group, which will use the funds to acquire a…
Avanath Capital Acquires Three Affordable Communities in Sacramento for $56.5MSACRAMENTO, Calif. — Avanath Capital Management LLC, an institutional fund manager that specializes in affordable and workforce housing investments, has acquired a three-property affordable housing portfolio in Sacramento for $56.5…
Acts Names Gerald Grant President, CEO Following Vanderbeck’s DeathWEST POINT, Pa. — Acts Retirement-Life Communities has appointed Gerald Grant as the company’s president and CEO. Grant was already serving as the interim CEO following the unexpected passing of…
IPA Brokers $18.3M Sale of 131-Unit Assisted Living Community in New JerseyOCEAN GROVE, N.J. — Institutional Property Advisors (IPA) has arranged the sale of Francis Asbury Manor, a 131-unit assisted living facility in Ocean Grove, a coastal community adjacent to Asbury…
Care Investment Trust, Inspirit Buy Two Communities in Pennsylvania for $13MMACUNGIE and PALMERTON, Pa. — A joint venture between Care Investment Trust LLC and Inspirit Senior Living has acquired The Villages at Palmerton in Palmerton and The Willow in Macungie…
Joint Venture Breaks Ground on 132-Unit Community in BirminghamBIRMINGHAM, Ala. — A joint venture between multiple companies has broken ground on The Bluffs at Greystone, a 132-unit independent living, assisted living and memory care community in Birmingham.

Healthcare Transactions Group Arranges Sale of Operations of 1,906-Bed Skilled Nursing Portfolio in PennsylvaniaPHILADELPHIA — Healthcare Transactions Group Inc. has arranged the sale of the operations of an eight-location, 1,906-bed skilled nursing portfolio in Pennsylvania.

Monticello Provides $69.3M Acquisition Loan for 616-Bed Skilled Nursing Portfolio in MassachusettsNEW YORK CITY — New York-based Monticello Asset Management, through one of its investment vehicles, has provided $69.3 million in acquisition financing for a four-property skilled nursing portfolio in Massachusetts.

Harborview Closes $7M Fannie Mae Refinance for Assisted Living Facility in GeorgiaNEW YORK CITY — Harborview Capital Partners, a commercial real estate finance, equity and advisory firm, has arranged a $7 million Fannie Mae cash-out refinance loan for a 69-unit assisted…
Chinese Investor Offers $3B to Acquire Brookdale, Reuters ReportsBRENTWOOD, Tenn. — Zhonghong Zhuoye Group Co. Ltd., a Chinese real estate investor, has reportedly offered approximately $3 billion for the acquisition of Brookdale Senior Living (NYSE: BKD), according to…


ABHOW to Open $100M CCRC Expansion in Bay AreaLOS ALTOS, Calif. — ABHOW will cut the ribbon next week on a $100 million expansion at The Terraces at Los Altos, a continuing care retirement community in Los Altos…
InterFace Seniors Housing Keynote: ‘We Need to Change Our Mindset, Come Together’Lynne Katzmann has a simple mandate for the seniors housing industry: we must cooperate between companies in order to improve overall performance. This goes for all stakeholders in the industry…
Blueprint Arranges Capitalization of $30M Assisted Living Development in FloridaKISSIMMEE, Fla. — Blueprint Healthcare Real Estate Advisors has arranged the capitalization of Sage Park Assisted Living and Memory Care at Osceola Corporate Center, a $30 million seniors housing community…
Capital Funding Group Closes Six HUD Refinancings Totaling $47.2MBALTIMORE — Capital Funding Group (CFG), a Baltimore-based lender, has closed six HUD mortgages for a privately held skilled nursing and assisted living operator.

Pathfinder Buys 104-Unit Independent Living Community Near Denver for $16MAURORA, Colo. — Pathfinder Partners, a San Diego-based investment firm, has acquired a 104-unit independent living community within the Shalom Park Senior Living Campus in the Denver suburb of Aurora.

Somerby Senior Living Hires David Grady as President, COOBIRMINGHAM, Ala. — Somerby Senior Living has hired longtime operations veteran David Grady as the company’s new president and chief operating officer.

Ziegler Closes $122.5M in Bond Financing for CCRC in MissouriKIRKWOOD, Mo. — Ziegler, a specialty investment bank, has closed $122.5 million in tax-exempt, fixed-rate bonds for Ashfield Active Living and Wellness Communities. The company will use the bonds for…
Maplewood, OHI to Break Ground on $270M, 23-Story Tower in ManhattanNEW YORK CITY — Maplewood Senior Living and Omega Healthcare Investors Inc. (NYSE: OHI) will break ground Wednesday on Inspir | Manhattan, a 215-unit seniors housing community on the Upper…
LCS, Ryan Cos., Harrison Street Open $40M Community in IndianaSCHERERVILLE, Ind. — Ryan Cos. US Inc., Life Care Services and Harrison Street Real Estate Capital have completed Clarendale of Schererville, a $40 million, 177-unit seniors housing community in Schererville…
United Methodist Retirement Homes Plans $70M Expansion in North CarolinaDURHAM, N.C. — United Methodist Retirement Homes has announced plans for a $70 million expansion at Croasdaile Village, a retirement community in Durham.



Blueprint Brokers $2.7M Sale of 60-Bed Skilled Nursing Facility in GeorgiaBUCHANAN, Ga. — Blueprint Healthcare Real Estate Advisors has arranged the sale of Southern Traditions Nursing and Rehab, a 60-bed skilled nursing facility in Buchanan, approximately 50 miles west of…
Cushman & Wakefield Negotiates $26.8M Sale of Active Adult Community in FloridaJUPITER, Fla. — Cushman & Wakefield has arranged the $26.8 million sale of Riverwalk Pointe at Mangrove Bay, a 104-unit age-restricted community in Jupiter, located on the coast north of…
The Shelter Group, Brightview Senior Living Promote Jeffrey Hettleman to CFOBALTIMORE — The Shelter Group, a Baltimore-based developer, investor and operator, has promoted Jeffrey Hettleman to chief financial officer. Hettleman will also serve as CFO of Brightview Senior Living, the…
SLIB Brokers Sale of 27-Unit Memory Care Community in PortlandPORTLAND, Ore. — Senior Living Investment Brokerage has arranged the sale of Tabor Crest Memory Care, a 27-unit memory care community in Portland. The price was not disclosed.

Woda Group Prepares to Open 45-Unit Affordable Community in PennsylvaniaERIE, Pa. — The Woda Group is nearing completion of Willow Commons, an affordable seniors housing community in Erie, located along Lake Erie north of Pittsburgh.

Morningside Opens $1.6M Outdoor Amenity Expansion in CaliforniaFULLERTON, Calif. — Morningside, a seniors housing community in the Orange County city of Fullerton, has completed a $1.6 million expansion of its outdoor amenities.

Greystone Provides $59.8M HUD Loan for Skilled Nursing Facility in QueensNEW YORK CITY — Greystone has provided a $59.8 million HUD-insured permanent loan for The Pavilion at Queens for Rehabilitation & Nursing, a skilled nursing facility in the Queens borough…
Dominion Plans $10M, 66-Unit Community in South CarolinaCLEMSON, S.C. — Dominion Senior Living has announced plans for its second seniors housing community in South Carolina, a 66-unit assisted living and memory care property in Clemson.

Medical Development Partners Breaks Ground on $10M Memory Care Community in ArizonaCHANDLER, Ariz. — Medical Development Partners has broken ground on Parkland Memory Care, a 56-unit memory care community in Chandler.

CareTrust Enters New Mexico with Acquisition of Two-Property Skilled Nursing PortfolioALBUQUERQUE, N.M., and BROWNSVILLE, Texas — CareTrust REIT, Inc. (NASDAQ: CTRE) has acquired two skilled nursing facilities: The Rio at Cabezon, a 136-bed facility located in Albuquerque, and The Rio…


Casa Solace Receives $7M Construction Loan for Memory Care Facility in HoustonHOUSTON — Casa Solace Memory Care has received a $7 million construction loan for a new memory care facility on Space Center Boulevard in Houston.

SLIB Negotiates $4M Sale of 50-Unit Memory Care Community Near AtlantaFOREST PARK, Ga. — Senior Living Investment Brokerage has arranged the sale of Governor’s Glen, a 50-unit memory care community in the southern Atlanta suburb of Forest Park.

Brandywine Plans Luxury Expansion at Community in New JerseyMOORESTOWN, N.J. — Brandywine Living has announced plans to add a wing of its “Serenade” luxury offerings at Moorestown Estates, an existing community in Moorestown, just east of Philadelphia.

Sodexo CEO Michel Landel to RetirePARIS — Michel Landel, the CEO and chairman of the executive committee of Sodexo, has announced his plans to retire in January 2018.

Graceworks Raises $81M in Bonds for Repositioning, RefinancingCENTERVILLE, Ohio — Graceworks Lutheran Services, a nonprofit continuing care retirement community located in the Dayton suburb of Centerville, has completed an $81 million bond refinancing to restructure its debt…
Presbyterian Senior Living Begins Construction of $10M Expansion in PennsylvaniaPHILIPSBURG, Pa. — Presbyterian Senior Living has broken ground on a $10 million expansion at Windy Hill Village, a continuing care retirement community (CCRC) in the Central Pennsylvania town of…
PGIM, Kisco Acquire 187-Unit Bay Area CommunityWALNUT CREEK, Calif. — A joint venture between PGIM Real Estate and Kisco Senior Living has acquired Byron Park, a 187-unit independent living and assisted living community in Walnut Creek.

Capital One Closes $17.5M Refinancing for Community in OregonTHE DALLES, Ore. — Capital One has provided a $17.5 million fixed-rate Fannie Mae loan to refinance The Springs at Mill Creek, a 92-unit seniors housing community in The Dalles…
BB+M Architecture Hires Scott Rasner as Director of Senior LivingCHARLOTTE, N.C. — BB+M Architecture has hired Scott Rasner as the company’s new director of senior living, where he will lead the Charlotte firm’s entry into the senior living market.

Sims Secures $98M for Refinancing, Expansion of CCRC in PennsylvaniaLANCASTER, PA. — HJ Sims has secured $98 million in financing for Brethren Village, a continuing care retirement community in Lancaster.



Big Rock Partners Tops Off $82M Seniors Housing Project in Celebration, FloridaCELEBRATION, FLA. — Big Rock Partners has topped off Windsor at Celebration, a new 239-unit seniors housing property in Celebration, the Disney-originated master-planned community in Central Florida.

Lifespace Plans $39.5M Expansion at CCRC Near PittsburghUPPER ST. CLAIR, Penn. — Lifespace Communities has planned a $39.5 million assisted living and memory care expansion at Friendship Village of South Hills, a continuing care retirement community (CCRC)…
KeyBank Provides $16.3M in Financing for Construction of Affordable Community in New YorkGEDDES, N.Y. — KeyBank’s Community Development Lending & Investment (CDLI) team will provide $16.3 million in financing to Christopher Community Inc. for the construction of Harborbrook Apartments, a mixed-income seniors…
Kendal Promotes Nadia Geigler to Executive Director at 31-Story CCRC in ChicagoCHICAGO — The Admiral at the Lake’s Board of Directors has selected Nadia Geigler as the next executive director of the continuing care retirement community (CCRC) located on Chicago’s North…
Evergreen Real Estate, Pathway Senior Living Open 101-Unit Community Near ChicagoPROSPECT HEIGHTS, Ill. — Evergreen Real Estate Group and Pathway Senior Living have opened Grandbrier of Prospect Heights, a 101-unit independent living, assisted living and memory care community in the…
MassHousing Provides $9.3M Loan to Renovate Affordable Community in MassachusettsGARDNER, Mass. — MassHousing has provided $9.3 million in financing to Retirement Housing Foundation for the preservation and renovation of Binnall House in Gardner, located approximately 60 miles west of…
Marcus & Millichap Negotiates $5.4M Sale of 40-Unit Community in CaliforniaHEMET, Calif. — Marcus & Millichap has arranged the $5.4 million sale of The Terrace at Seven Hills, a 40-unit seniors housing property in Hemet, located east of Los Angeles…
Gardner Capital to Redevelop 84-Unit Affordable Community in FloridaSARASOTA, Fla. — Gardner Capital has received a reservation of housing tax credits from the Florida Housing Finance Corp. to fund the redevelopment of Amaryllis Park Place. The property is…
Methodist Homes Hires Liz Prosch as Vice President for Quality, Mission IntegrationBIRMINGHAM, Ala. — Methodist Homes of Alabama & Northwest Florida has hired Liz Prosch as the company’s vice president for quality and mission integration.

Griffin-American Acquires Five-Property Portfolio in St. Louis MetroST. LOUIS — Griffin-American Healthcare REIT IV has acquired a five-property, 229-unit seniors housing portfolio. Although the properties are all in the St. Louis metro area, they are all located across…


Omega Buys 18 UK Communities for $113MUXBRIDGE, England — Omega Healthcare Investors Inc. (NYSE: OHI) has acquired 18 communities throughout the United Kingdom for $113 million. The names of the facilities were not disclosed.

Maplewood Senior Living Purchases 27 Acres for Development in ConnecticutSOUTHPORT, Conn. — Maplewood Senior Living has purchased 27 acres in Southport where it will build a 92,000-square-foot seniors housing community.

Heritage Starts Construction of 108-Unit Community Near MilwaukeeMUSKEGO, Wis. — Heritage Senior Living has started construction of a 108-unit independent living, assisted living and memory care community in Muskego, a southwestern suburb of Milwaukee.

Lancaster Pollard Arranges $9.5M Refinancing for Western Skilled Nursing PortfolioLAMAR, Colo., MONTE VISTA, Colo., and MYRTLE POINT, Ore. — Lancaster Pollard has arranged $9.5 million in FHA financing for Summit Healthcare REIT. The loans will refinance the acquisition loans…
Oxford Finance Healthcare Team Hires Peter Dahms as Senior Director of Capital MarketsALEXANDRIA, Va. —Oxford Finance LLC, a specialty finance firm based in Alexandria, has hired Peter Dahms as a senior director of capital markets with the company’s healthcare services group.

KeyBank Provides $15.3M in Financing for Two Skilled Nursing Facilities in IndianaNOBLESVILLE and LAFAYETTE, Ind. — KeyBank has provided two HUD loans totaling $15.3 million for a two-property skilled nursing portfolio in Indiana.

Maplewood Senior Living to Begin 34-Unit Expansion in ConnecticutDARIEN, Conn. — Maplewood Senior Living has announced a planned expansion at Maplewood at Darien in Darien, located along the coast approximately 10 miles from the New York State border.

LeadingAge, UMass Boston Establish Long-Term Care Research CenterBOSTON and WASHINGTON, D.C. — LeadingAge, an association representing nonprofit seniors housing providers, is joining with the Gerontology Institute at the University of Massachusetts Boston to create a new research…
Ziegler Closes $65.4M Bond Financing for 261-Unit Community in MontanaKALISPELL, Mont. — Ziegler, a specialty investment bank, has arranged a total of $65.4 million in tax-exempt, fixed-rate bonds for Immanuel Lutheran Corp., which operates a seniors housing community in…
Keri Moore-Muñiz Launches Seniors Housing Interior Design FirmAUSTIN, Texas — Keri Moore-Muñiz has launched eight twenty 8 DESIGN, a new seniors housing interior design firm based in Austin.



Love & Company Hires Randy Catron as Market Intelligence DirectorDALLAS — Love & Company, an advertising and consulting firm specializing in senior living, has hired Randy Catron as market intelligence director.

BMO Harris Provides $44.2M in Financing for 200-Unit Community Near AtlantaDECATUR, Ga. — BMO Harris Bank’s Healthcare Real Estate Finance group has closed a $44.2 million in construction and mini-perm financing for Solomon Holdings. The capital will be used to…
Mustang Creek Estates Begins Construction of $7.5M Affordable Community Near DallasSACHSE, Texas — Mustang Creek Estates has started construction of Mustang Creek Estates of Sachse, a $7.5 million affordable assisted living and memory care community in the Dallas suburb of…
Heritage to Expand Community in OmahaOMAHA, Neb. — Heritage Communities has announced a planned expansion at The Heritage at Sterling Ridge, which will add more independent living and assisted living units to the Omaha community.

Capital Funding Closes $24.9M in Financing for Three Skilled Nursing Facilities in Washington, ColoradoBALTIMORE — Capital Funding Group, a Baltimore-based Lender, has closed HUD mortgages totaling $24.9 million for a privately held skilled nursing provider.

Lancaster Pollard Arranges $24.7M Refinancing for 286-Unit Community in South CarolinaMOUNT PLEASANT, S.C. — Lancaster Pollard has arranged a $24.7 million refinancing for Sandpiper, three-property seniors housing campus in the Charleston suburb of Mount Pleasant.

DeAngelis Diamond Breaks Ground on $27M Community in GeorgiaPOOLER, Ga. — DeAngelis Diamond has broken ground on Shepherd Living at Savannah Quarters, a 124-bed seniors housing community in the Savannah suburb of Pooler.

Dominion Starts Construction of $9.5M Assisted Living Community in South CarolinaANDERSON, S.C. — Dominion Senior Living has broken ground on Dominion Senior Living of Anderson, a 44,000-square-foot assisted living and memory care community in Anderson, located southwest of Greenville near…
Dominion Mortgage Provides $4.2M Bridge Loan for Community in CaliforniaSANTA CRUZ, Calif. — Dominion Mortgage Corp. has both arranged and provided a $4.2 million bridge loan for Villa Senior Housing.

Senior Lifestyle Corp. Plans 101-Unit Assisted Living Community in OhioMASON, Ohio — Senior Lifestyle Corp. has announced plans for The Sheridan at Mason, a 101-unit assisted living and memory care community in the Cincinnati suburb of Mason.



Volunteers of America Opens Expansion at CCRC Near Fort MyersCAPE CORAL, Fla. — Volunteers of America has cut the ribbon on Palmview, an assisted living and memory care residence at Gulf Coast Village, a continuing care retirement community (CCRC)…
IPA Brokers Sale of 81-Unit Assisted Living Community Near BostonFRANKLIN, Mass. — Institutional Property Advisors (IPA), a division of Marcus & Millichap, has arranged the sale of The Estate at Franklin, an 81-unit assisted living and memory care facility…
Lancaster Pollard Arranges $17.4M Construction Financing for 120-Unit Community in LincolnLINCOLN, Neb. — Lancaster Pollard has arranged a $17.4 million loan for the construction of Pemberly Place, a 120-unit independent living, assisted living and memory care community in Lincoln.

Starling, CitiSculpt to Develop 230-unit Community in South CarolinaFORT MILL, S.C. — Starling and CitiSculpt have announced plans for a 230-unit independent living, assisted living and memory care community in Fort Mill, located just across the state border…
Ziegler Closes $64M Bond Financing for 439-Unit CCRC Near Washington, D.C.MITCHELLVILLE, Md. — Ziegler, a specialty investment bank, has closed $64 million in bond financing for Collington Episcopal Life Care Community, a 439-unit continuing care retirement community located 14 miles…
Dominion Hires Tina Newman as Executive Director of First Community in KentuckyRICHMOND, Ky. — Dominion Senior Living has hired Tina Newman to be executive director of Dominion Senior Living of Richmond, the company’s first seniors housing community in Kentucky.

RJ Development Buys Parcel Near Phoenix for $40M Independent Living CommunityCHANDLER, Ariz. — Colliers International has brokered the sale of a 5.8-acre parcel in the Phoenix Suburb of Chandler for $3.2 million. The buyer will use the land to build…
Harborview Arranges Sale, $20.7M Acquisition Loan for Three-Property Skilled Nursing Portfolio in OhioLAWRENCE, N.Y. — Harborview Capital Partners, a commercial real estate finance, equity and advisory firm based in Lawrence, has arranged the sale of a three-property, 254-bed skilled nursing portfolio in…
Discovery Opens Memory Care Expansion at Community in New Orleans SuburbsCOVINGTON, La. — Discovery Senior Living will cut the ribbon next week on a new memory care courtyard at The Trace, a seniors housing community in the New Orleans suburb…
Anthem Hires Two Executive Directors in IllinoisBURR RIDGE and GLENVIEW, Ill. — Anthem Memory Care has hired new executive directors for two of its communities in the Chicago.



HCP Hires Former Welltower CIO Scott BrinkerIRVINE, Calif. — HCP (NYSE: HCP) has hired Scott Brinker as chief investment officer and executive vice president.

Cushman & Wakefield Arranges $30.3M in Financing for Construction of 111-Unit Community Near San DiegoCHULA VISTA, Calif. — Cushman & Wakefield Senior Housing Capital Markets has arranged $8.3 million in institutional equity capital and $22 million in construction debt for a joint venture between…
Abby Development to Build 92-Unit Community in ArkansasCONWAY, Ark. — Abby Development has unveiled plans for Arabella of Conway, a 92-unit independent living, assisted living and memory care community in Conway, approximately 30 miles north of Little…
MB Financial Adds Seven Employees to Healthcare Banking TeamCHICAGO — MB Financial Bank, a Chicago-based commercial bank, has added seven members to its Healthcare Banking team, which services healthcare providers including skilled nursing.

Benchmark, Farallon Acquire 199-Unit CCRC Near BostonWALPOLE, Mass. — A joint venture between Benchmark Senior Living and Farallon Capital Management has acquired New Pond Village, a continuing care retirement community (CCRC) in the Boston suburb of…
CA Senior Living Breaks Ground on Two Communities in ArizonaORO VALLEY and GILBERT, Ariz. — CA Senior Living LLC, the senior housing investment and development division of Chicago-based CA Ventures, has broken ground on seniors housing communities in the…
Allegro Starts Construction of 87-Unit Community in St. Louis SuburbRICHMOND HEIGHTS, Mo. — Allegro Senior Living has opened the doors on an 87-unit assisted living and memory care community in the St. Louis suburb of Richmond Heights.

KeyBank Provides $9.1M Loan to Rehab Affordable Seniors Community in TulsaTULSA, OKLA. — KeyBank Real Estate Capital has provided a $9.1 million HUD loan to LEDIC Realty Co. for the rehabilitation of Quail Creek Villa, an affordable seniors housing community…
Enlivant Opens Renovation of Community in Washington
HHHunt Breaks Ground on $29.4M Assisted Living Community in MarylandCROFTON, Md. — HHHunt has broken ground on Spring Arbor of Crofton, an assisted living and memory care community in Crofton, located between Baltimore and Washington, D.C.



Meridian Arranges $39M Refinancing for Two Skilled Nursing Facilities in Southern CaliforniaSOUTHERN CALIFORNIA — Meridian Capital Group has arranged $39 million in bridge loans to refinance of a two-property, 355-bed skilled nursing portfolio in Southern California. The specific names and locations…
Grandbridge Facilitates $24.3M in Acquisition Financing for Two Communities in PortlandPORTLAND, Ore. — Grandbridge Real Estate Capital's Seniors Housing and Healthcare Finance Group has arranged a total of $24.3 million in financing for the acquisition of Hawthorne Gardens and Pacific…
Covenant Hires Jody Holt as CFO, Janine Wilson as COOSKOKIE, Ill. — Covenant Retirement Communities, a nonprofit, faith-based owner-operator based in Skokie, has hired Jody Holt as chief financial officer and Janine Wilson as chief operating officer.

HJ Sims Provides $5.1M in Financing for Development of Independent Living Community in ArizonaGLENDALE, Ariz. — Investment bank HJ Sims has provided $5.1 million in financing for the construction of an independent living community in the Phoenix suburb of Glendale.

CBRE Closes $33.3M Refinancing for 199-Unit Community Near BirminghamHOOVER, Ala. — CBRE has arranged a $33.3 million refinancing for Somerby at St. Vincent’s One Nineteen, a 199-unit independent living, assisted living and memory care community in the Birmingham…
Harborview Arranges Sale, $37.4M HUD Financing for Three-Property Portfolio Near PhoenixPHOENIX — Harborview Capital Partners, a commercial real estate finance, equity and advisory firm, has arranged the sale of three seniors housing properties near Phoenix.

Blueprint Negotiates Sale of 124-Bed Skilled Nursing Facility in Massachusetts for $12.8MGARDNER, Mass. — Blueprint Healthcare Real Estate Advisors has arranged the $12.8 million sale of Gardner Rehabilitation and Nursing Center, a 124-bed skilled nursing facility in Gardner, approximately 60 miles…
CFG Capital Markets Brokers $28M Sale-Leaseback of Two Oxford CommunitiesMCKINNEY, Texas, and DERBY, Kan. — CFG Capital Markets, a Baltimore-based investment bank, has arranged the sale of The Oxford Grand in McKinney and Glen Carr House in Derby for…
Lancaster Pollard Closes $34.7M Loan to Refinance, Expand Community in ColoradoBRUSH, Colo. — Lancaster Pollard has closed $34.7 million in financing for the refinancing and expansion of Eben Ezer Lutheran Care Center in Brush, approximately 90 miles northeast of Denver.

O&M Investments Acquires Skilled Nursing Facility in OhioDAYTON, Ohio — O&M Investments LLC, which is led by Nick Martinez and Todd Okum, has acquired a skilled nursing facility in Dayton.



Scott McCorvie Launches Seniors Housing Consulting FirmORLANDO, Fla. — Industry veteran Scott McCorvie has launched Senior Living Growth Advisors LLC, an Orlando-base consulting firm serving the seniors housing industry.

Sabra Health Care, Care Capital Properties Agree to Merge, Create $7.4B REITIRVINE, Calif., and CHICAGO — Sabra Health Care REIT (NASDAQ: SBRA) and Care Capital Properties Inc. (NYSE: CCP) are joining forces to create a healthcare REIT with a pro forma…
Atlantic Realty Begins Construction of $72M, 210-Unit Community in Metro D.C.RESTON, VA. — Atlantic Realty Cos. has started construction of Hunters Woods at Trails Edge Senior Living Community in Reston, about 22 miles west of Washington, D.C.

Covenant Retirement Opens $19.1M Expansion of Community Near San DiegoSPRING VALLEY, Calif. — Covenant Retirement Communities has opened Peterson Life Center, a $19.1 million expansion at Mount Miguel Covenant Village in the San Diego suburb of Spring Valley.

CA Senior Living Acquires 130-Unit Community in Suburban SeattleLYNNWOOD, Wash.— CA Senior Living LLC, the senior housing investment and development division of Chicago-based CA Ventures, has acquired Quail Park of Lynnwood in the Seattle suburb of Lynnwood. The…
Lancaster Pollard Arranges $7.1M HUD Refinancing for Community in WisconsinOSCEOLA, Wis. — Lancaster Pollard has arranged a $7.1 million refinancing for Christian Community Homes in Osceola, located just across the state border from Minneapolis.

IPA Negotiates Sale of Operations of Seven-Property Nursing Home PortfolioNEW YORK CITY — Institutional Property Advisors (IPA), a New York-based division of Marcus & Millichap, has arranged the sale of the leasehold interest of the McGuire portfolio, seven nursing…
CBRE Arranges $14M Construction Financing for 90-Unit Community Near New OrleansCOVINGTON, La. — CBRE has arranged $14 million in financing for the construction of Avanti Senior Living at Watercross, a 90-unit assisted living and memory care community in the New…
Blueprint Brokers Sale of 85-Unit Assisted Living Community in AlabamaGLENCOE, Ala. — Blueprint Healthcare Real Estate Advisors has arranged the sale of Meadowood Retirement Village, an 85-unit assisted living and memory care community in Glencoe, approximately 70 miles northeast…
Cushman & Wakefield Negotiates Sale of 80-Unit Assisted Living Community Near St. LouisWEBSTER GROVES, Mo. — Cushman & Wakefield Senior Housing Capital Markets Group has arranged the sale of Provision Living at Webster Groves, an 80-unit assisted living and memory care community…





1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10

Prev
Next











 








 







Sign Up for our Newsletter


 





Follow @SeniorHousingBz on TwitterSeniors Housing Biz @SeniorHousingBz.@keybank Provides $12.9M Loan for 67-Unit Assisted Living Community in Georgia https://t.co/clubpxAIiQ https://t.co/X5gOYUQiPtSeniors Housing Biz @SeniorHousingBz.@ParcCommunities Nears Completion of 159-Unit Community Near @TAMU @Traditionsgolf https://t.co/3gjkj5vhLt https://t.co/4QdUXSVtXzSeniors Housing Biz @SeniorHousingBzCivitas Plans 99-Unit Assisted Living Community Near Orlando https://t.co/8xY0TlMQAUFrom the Web 











Capital One Closes $12M HUD Refinancing for 128-Bed Skilled Nursing…
Seniors want walkability, too, survey says
REIT Sustainability Initiatives Reach New Heights
SL Green Shareholders Reject Pay Package For CEO
Another Sabra Shareholder Opposes $7.4 Billion Merger
Top U.S. Cities for Independent Living Rent Growth
Greystone Provides $78.4M HUD Loan for 510-Bed Skilled Nursing Facility…
Commonwealth Senior Living Improves Operational Oversight with Yardi Voyager
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Redwood City - Familiar Surroundings Home Care San Jose and Santa Cruz





































































 





Free Home Safety Consultation 
		

Call Now


Serving Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, Contra Costa& San Mateo Counties


"Old Fashioned Values for Today’s Home Care Needs" 
		







Available for In-Home Care Needs
24 Hours a Day 7 Days a Week 
		

Santa Clara    408-979-9990


Santa Cruz     831-480-3990


San Mateo     650-353-9777













Contra Costa     925-516-4912








Wheel Chair Accessible Transportation





 




 

Call Now! Free Home Safety Consultation
1 (408) 979-9990 | Serving all of Santa Cruz   1 (831) 480-3990 | 1 (650) 353-9777| 1 (925) 516-4912Lic. # 434700019

   










Home
Services

Care Management
Transportation
2-24Hour Care
Respite
Personal Care
Veteran’s Services
Placement Services
Hospital-to-Home Program


Testimonials
Company

Careers
About Us
Staff
Contact


Resources

FAQ
Long Term Care Insurance


Home Assessment

Santa Cruz
San Jose
Redwood City
Contra Costa


Blog






Redwood City
Serving Redwood City and Surrounding Areas


“We are more than just another home care company. We are a family run business offering old-fashioned values for today’s home care needs”


Our Services
Personal Services

Companion Care
Couple Care
Respite for Family Caregivers- (3 hrs or longer)
“Hit the Road” (2 hr Transportation Service)
“Rise & Shine” & Tuck-in Care (2 hr Service)
Alzheimer’s / Dementia Care
Veteran  Administration Service
Out Patient Surgery Support and Care
Post Hospitalization Assistance /Rehabilitation
Holiday Helper Service
Chronic Conditions Support and Care
Care Management
Hospice Assistance


Household Services

Light Housekeeping
Laundry / Linen Changes
Ironing
Meal Preparation- Including Specialty Diets
Grocery Shopping
Home Safety Assessment
Implementation of Fall Prevention Program
Medication Reminders
Telephone Check-in Service
Pet Care
Supervisory Visits

 Serving All Of Santa Cruz(831) 480-3990
Serving All Of San Jose1 (408) 979-9990
Serving All Of Redwood City1 (650) 353-9777
Serving All of Contra Costa County1 (925) 516-4912
Serving Santa Clara, San Mateo & Santa Cruz Counties

Hourly
2 to 24 Hour Care
Respite
Transportation
Bathing
Couple Care

Available for In-Home Care Needs 24 hours a day 7 Days a Week
Click Here For A Brochure


Free In Home Consultation


NamePhone*Email*

Service*Service ConsultationSenior CareTransportationAlzheimer's CareEmploymentOther

 











Certifications and Affiliations







 
 




© Familiar Surroundings Home Care


On The Web:



Facebook



Yelp



Twitter



YouTube








	    					Santa Clara: 1 (408) 979-9990
	    					Santa Cruz: 1 (831) 480-3990
	    					San Mateo: 1 (650) 353-9777
	    					Contra Costa: 1 (925) 516-4912
	    					Fax: 1 (408) 264-1907
                                                Lic. # 434700019
	    				



support@fshomecare.com
	    					Phone 1 (408) 979-9990
	    					Fax 1 (408) 264-1907
	    				



1568 Meridian Ave., San Jose, CA 95125
2901 Park Ave., Suite C3, Soquel, CA 95073
555 Veterans Blvd. Suite 119, Redwood City, CA 94063
3850 Balfour Road Suite N, Brentwood, CA 94513



Website Policies, Disclaimer & PRIVACY POLICY








Menu TitleHomeServices▼Care ManagementTransportation2-24Hour CareRespitePersonal CareVeteran’s ServicesPlacement ServicesHospital-to-Home ProgramTestimonialsCompany▼CareersAbout UsStaffContactResources▼FAQLong Term Care InsuranceHome Assessment▲Santa CruzSan JoseRedwood CityContra CostaBlog



 































