

	Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.










MMP 

                Unit Price delayed 20 minutes























Crude Products Assets






Refined Products Assets






Learn more about Magellan






Corpus Christi, Texas






Previous



Next





Pipeline Emergency -- Call 800-720-2417


Moving What Moves America®








About Magellan

Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (NYSE: MMP) is a publicly traded partnership that primarily transports, stores and distributes petroleum products.




MORE








Bastrop, TX Incident

Important information about the Bastrop, TX pipeline incident.




MORE








Work at Magellan

Magellan has career opportunities for talented, motivated individuals in a variety of areas including pipeline operations, engineering, accounting and information technology to name just a few.




MORE






07/20/2017Magellan Midstream Increases Quarterly Cash Distribution to 89 Cents07/11/2017Magellan Midstream to Announce Second-Quarter 2017 Financial Results on Aug. 207/06/2017BridgeTex Pipeline Launches Open Season for Expanded Capacity06/21/2017Magellan Midstream to Present at J.P. Morgan Energy Equity Conference

>> View Archives


news















	Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.


























MMP 

Unit Price delayed 20 minutes					 
			













Contact Us

MMP principal offices are located at:
			One Williams Center
			Tulsa, OK 74172
		
If you would like to obtain additional information about Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. or have further questions, please contact us:



Tulsa Headquarters:
					(918) 574-7000
					(800) 574-MMP1 (800-574-6671)

Call Before You Dig:
					811
				

Investor, Analyst & Financial Media Contact:
					Paula Farrell
					Phone (within Tulsa): (918) 574-7650
					Phone (outside Tulsa): (877) 934-6571
 Contact Investor, Analyst and Financial Media



Media Contact:
						Bruce Heine
						Phone: (918) 574-7010
Contact Media












Carrier Contact: 

						Phone: (918) 574-7870
Contact Carrier Info.




Emergency - Magellan's 24 Hour
							
							Emergency Operations Control Number:
						Phone: (800) 720-2417 
					



Transfer Agent: 

                        Correspondence should be mailed to:
                        Computershare
                        P.O. Box 505000
                        Louisville, KY  40233

                        Overnight correspondence should be sent to:
                        Computershare
                        462 South 4th Street, Suite 1600
                        Louisville, KY 40202

						Phone: (800) 884-4225
http://www.computershare.com/investor






Board of Directors Contact:
Contact Board of Directors




Engineering and Construction: 

						Bill Nelson
						Phone: (918) 574-7870

						Doug Chabino
						Phone: (918) 574-7326
Contact Engineering Construction




Landowner/Easement/Encroachment Issues: 

						Bob Miller
						Phone: (918) 574-7393
Contact Landowner/Easement Issues






Crude Oil Assets: 

Contact Crude Oil Assets




Marine & Inland Assets Contact: 

Contact Marine & Inland Assets




Webmaster: 

Contact Webmaster






Damage Prevention Contact:
						Dyan Gillean
						Phone: (918) 574-7452
Contact Damage Prevention




Refined & Ammonia Assets Contact: 

Contact Refined & Ammonia Assets





















	Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.










MMP 

                Unit Price delayed 20 minutes











Specialty Services

Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. transportation and terminal services provide the highest standards for product quality, information technology, environmental compliance and, most important of all, customer service and satisfaction.
Here are a few of the specialized services our transportation and terminals group can provide:


Transmix Processing Services will purchase and process “off-spec” refined petroleum products such as pipeline interfaces, cross-blended C-Store tankage, and mixed truck loads.
Ethanol storage and gasoline blending along our petroleum products pipeline system.
A refined product tank bottom material and petroleum contacted water reclamation processing facility near our Kansas City complex. Contact (918) 574-7751.
Laboratory Services providing compliance, research and analytical testing for the petroleum product, natural gas and alternative fuel industries. Contact (913) 647-8500 or customersupport@magellanlp.com.



What We Do
What We Do Home
Asset Map
Crude Products
Refined Products
Marine Storage
Liquid Pipeline Tariffs
Longhorn Info
Pipeline Product Specs
Specialty Services












	Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.










MMP 

                Unit Price delayed 20 minutes











Our Culture
Safety, efficiency, honesty and responsibility are at the core of our business. Our culture and character are demonstrated in the respect we show for our co-workers, our company and the communities in which we operate. 
Our values focus on:

Safety & Compliance as an integral part of the decisions we make 
Teamwork means we collectively work towards success, recognizing the value our different roles and perspectives bring to the table  
Customer Service means making our service so valuable that Magellan is the preferred choice  
Efficiency is demonstrated in our disciplined use of our company’s assets and resources  
Growth means not being satisfied with the status-quo, fostering an entrepreneurial spirit throughout the organization and pursuing opportunities that provide growth for our business and our unitholders.  

Community Commitment
As a community partner, Magellan invests in programs and partners with charitable organizations that align with our values and enhance the quality of life and economic well-being in the communities in which we operate and where our employees work and live.  
As one example, Magellan employees organize an annual campaign across the company to support the United Way. With employee pledges, matching funds and special event fundraising, Magellan and its employees have contributed more than $2.4 million to our local United Ways since 2004.  
Additionally, our employees volunteer in our communities, reaching out to promote local initiatives and projects that enhance the quality of life for everyone. 


CAREERS
Careers Home
Apply Online
Benefits
Diversity
Job Search
Our Culture
Recruiting












	Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.










MMP 

                Unit Price delayed 20 minutes











SEC Filings
Our electronic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are available in their entirety on the SEC web site. Examples of our SEC reports include our annual 10-Ks, quarterly 10-Qs and 8-K filings, including all amendments. For your convenience, a copy of our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and recent prospectus statements, excluding exhibits, are also available for download on our Financials page. Our SEC Section 16 filings of our executive officers and directors and beneficial holders of more than 10% of our units, which set forth their direct and indirect ownership in the Partnership, are also available in a separate list on the SEC web site.


Investors
Investors Home
Analysts
Cash Distributions
Contact Investor Relations
Financials
Frequently Asked Questions
News
SEC Filings
Tax Info
Webcasts & Presentations












	Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.










MMP 

                Unit Price delayed 20 minutes











Pipeline Product Specifications

Full Download of all the following documents



General Product Specifications

Quality Control Contacts
Product Acceptance Terms
Additive Specifications
Seasonal Gasoline Volatility Classes
A-Grade Seasonal Volatility Schedule
A1-Grade Seasonal Volatility Schedule
A1X-Grade Seasonal Volatility Schedule
A5-Grade Seasonal Volatility Schedule
AMS-Grade Seasonal Volatility Schedule
AR, NR-Grade Seasonal Volatility Schedule
AZ6, AZ9, NZ6, NZ9-Grade Seasonal Volatility Schedule
NEP-Grade Seasonal Volatility Schedule
V-Grade Seasonal Volatility Schedule
VMS-Grade Seasonal Volatility Schedule
V1, V2, V3, V3S-Grade Seasonal Volatility Schedule
V8, V66, V68, VTX-Grade Seasonal Volatility Schedule






Product Grade Specifications

A-Grade Premium Unleaded Gasoline  
A1-Grade Premium Unleaded Gasoline 
A1X-Grade Premium Unleaded Gasoline
A3-Grade Premium Unleaded Gasoline 
A5, AMS-Grade Premium 88.5 Sub-Grade Unleaded Gasoline  
AR-Grade Premuim Gasoline Blendstock  
AZ6-Grade Arizona Winter CBG
AZ9-Grade Arizona Summer CBG
D-Grade Premium Diesel Fuel 
E-Grade Denatured Fuel Ethanol  
H-Grade Normal Butane 
I-Grade ISO Butane 
L-Grade Propane 
NEP-Grade Regular Unleaded Gasoline 
NR-Grade Regular Gasoline Blendstock  
NZ6-Grade Arizona Winter CBG
NZ9-Grade Arizona Summer CBG
Q-Grade Commercial Jet Fuel 
V, V8, V66, V68, VTX Sub-Octane Unleaded Gasoline  
V1, VMS-Grade 81.5 Sub-Octane Unleaded Gasoline 
V2-Grade 84.0 Octane Unleaded Gasoline
V3, V3S-Grade 82.0 Sub-Octane Unleaded Gasoline
W-Grade Natural Gasoline 
W2-Grade Certified Ethanol Denaturant 
X, TB, TC-Grade Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel Fuel 
XU-Grade Ultra Low Sulfur #2 Diesel Fuel - Rocky Mountain System 
Y-Grade No. 1 Diesel Fuel 
YM-Grade No. 1 Diesel Fuel  
ZB-Grade Ultra Low Sulfur Biodiesel Fuel Oil 




If you have questions about document downloading, contact us.



Links:

Analytical Services
Liquid Pipeline Tariffs
Magellan Diesel Additive Package Brochure
Magellan X1 Cold Weather Diesel Brochure
Product Availability at Magellan Pipeline





Related Links:

Approved Biodiesel Suppliers
Approved Ethanol Production Facilities
Ethanol Certification Policy




What We Do
What We Do Home
Asset Map
Crude Products
Refined Products
Marine Storage
Liquid Pipeline Tariffs
Longhorn Info
Pipeline Product Specs
Specialty Services












	Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.










MMP 

                Unit Price delayed 20 minutes











Who is Magellan Midstream Partners?
Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. is a publicly traded oil pipeline, storage and transportation  company based in Tulsa, Okla. Formerly a part of Williams Companies, Magellan began trading as Williams Energy Partners in February 2001. In September 2003, we changed our name to Magellan Midstream Partners and began trading under the stock ticker MMP.

In 2004, Magellan purchased significant assets from Shell, including more than 3,000 miles of refined product pipelines as well as terminals and storage capacity. In 2007, another acquisition expanded Magellan’s footprint again with increased capabilities in Texas. In 2009, we bought the Longhorn Pipeline running from Houston to El Paso. The reversal of this line has played a key part in Magellan’s growth the last few years. In 2010, Magellan purchased another 100 miles of pipeline and 7.8 million barrels of storage from BP. In 2013, Magellan acquired approximately 800 miles of refined petroleum products pipeline, four terminals and 1.7 million barrels of storage from Plains All American Pipeline.
This purchase added assets in Colorado, New Mexico, South Dakota and Wyoming.

Today, Magellan has 9,700-mile refined products pipeline system with 53 connected terminals as well as 27 independent terminals not connected to our pipeline system and our 1,100-mile ammonia pipeline system. In addition, we own approximately 2,200 miles of crude oil pipelines and storage facilities with an aggregate storage capacity of about 26 million barrels, of which 16 million are used for leased storage. We also operate five marine terminals located along coastal waterways with an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 26 million barrels.
Business Strategy
The foundation of our business strategy is safe and efficient operations combined with superior customer service.  Upon that foundation, we strive to increase cash distributions to our unitholders through internally-generated growth projects which expand the profitability of our existing asset base and through acquisitions of energy infrastructure assets possessing a reasonable risk/reward profile.


About Us
About Us Home
Action Line
Board of Directors
Corporate Governance
Executive Officers
News
Contact Us






















































































            
    Better High-Yield Pipeline MLP: Enterprise Products Partners or Magellan Midstream Partners? -- The Motley Fool

        








 












Skip to main content



The Motley Fool


Fool.com


Fool.co.uk


Fool.com.au


Fool.ca


Fool.sg


Fool.de





                Helping the world invest better since 1993.
            




Hi, Fool!




                    Premium Advice






                    Help

 Fool Answers
 Contact Us




Login





























Search

	    Search:
	







































Better High-Yield Pipeline MLP: Enterprise Products Partners or Magellan Midstream Partners?
In this head-to-head matchup, here's which one of these two midstream MLPs is the better pick for income investors.











                Bob Ciura
            

                (rciura)



            
            Mar 30, 2015 at 7:00AM
            
            





Master limited partnerships, or MLPs, are all the rage these days. There's good reason for this, as MLPs can be an effective asset class for generating strong income, due to their unique tax classification. MLPs don't pay income tax, provided they distribute the vast majority of their cash flow to investors. This results in large distributions and high yields across the asset class, and has attracted the attention of income investors.
Among MLPs, midstream oil and gas partnerships are extremely popular because of their stability. These companies operate oil and gas pipelines and storage terminals, and are highly coveted for their "slow-and-steady" structure. They operate like toll roads, collecting fees based on transportation volumes. This means their cash flow is much more reliant on volumes than on underlying commodity prices. As a result, the midstream MLPs have not been hit nearly as hard as many other oil and gas businesses by the oil crash.
Two of the best-known midstream MLPs are Enterprise Products Partners (NYSE:EPD) and Magellan Midstream Partners (NYSE:MMP). What follows is a head-to-head matchup between these two midstream giants to determine which is the better buy for income investors.
Distribution yield: Enterprise Products Perhaps the most important number for income investors is distribution yield. This expresses how much income an investor will earn, as a percentage of his or her investment. In this case, Enterprise Products and Magellan Midstream yield 4.6% and 3.4%, respectively. That's more than a full percentage point in Enterprise Products' favor.
This might not seem like a huge difference, but consider this: A $10,000 investment in Enterprise Products would generate $460 per year in income. By comparison, that same investment in Magellan would earn $340 annually. That means an investor gets 35% more income from Enterprise Products for each dollar invested. For this reason, Enterprise Products gets the nod when it comes to current income.





Distribution growth and coverage: Magellan However, investors with even a moderate time horizon should consider the future, not just the present. In that regard, it's important to gauge how much income will be generated years from now.
Over the past five years Enterprise Products has increased its quarterly distribution by 5% compounded annually. Meanwhile, Magellan has raised its distribution by 14% compounded annually. This difference can have a meaningful impact over time. At this rate, Magellan's distribution will double every five years, while it would take more than 14 years to double your income from Enterprise Products. For this reason, Magellan handily beats Enterprise Products on distribution growth.
The reason for such a significant discrepancy is that Magellan's underlying cash flow is growing much faster than Enterprise Products'. In 2014 Magellan grew distributable cash flow by 31% to $880 million, due largely to increased shipments on its Longhorn pipeline. Enterprise Products grew distributable cash flow by just 8% in 2014, to $4.1 billion.
This will impact their future distribution growth. Magellan is planning a 15% distribution raise this year, along with at least a 10% increase in 2016.





Better pick? It depends on your needs Both Magellan and Enterprise Products are large, highly profitable midstream energy companies. They both generate significant cash flow, which they use to reward their investors. Which one is a better buy depends on your particular needs. Given its significantly higher current yield, investors who need current income might consider Enterprise Products a better choice. It will pay you more right now.
However, those with a longer time horizon should consider Magellan. It is growing cash flow much faster than Enterprise Products, which in turn will likely lead to higher distribution growth as well.



Bob Ciura has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Enterprise Products Partners and Magellan Midstream Partners. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.




















Author








                            Bob Ciura
                        

                            (rciura)
                        

Bob Ciura, MBA, has written for The Motley Fool since 2012. I focus on energy, consumer goods, and technology. I look for growth at a reasonable price, with a particular fondness for market-beating dividend yields. 







Article Info




                    
                    Mar 30, 2015 at 7:00AM
                    
                


                    Energy, Materials, and Utilities
                












Stocks








Enterprise Products Partners



                                        NYSE:EPD





                                    $27.58
                                

up



                                    $0.17
                                

                                    (0.62%)
                                










Magellan Midstream Partners



                                        NYSE:MMP





                                    $71.01
                                

up



                                    $0.26
                                

                                    (0.37%)
                                








Read More



3 Incredibly Cheap High-Yield Dividend Stocks


3 Reasons Canadian Solar Inc. Stock Could Fall


Gold Stocks For a Falling Dollar


5 Things Tesoro's Management Wants You to Know


Can You Guess the World's Largest Gold Jewelry Market? (Hint: It Isn't The United States)



































Prev


1

2


3


4



Next






Compare Brokers












































Motley Fool push notifications are finally here
Allow push notifications to help you stay on top of...

Breaking investing news
Earnings coverage
Market movers
Special offers and more

Subscribe to notifications
You can unsubscribe at any time.





 



 

Current












Better High-Yield Pipeline MLP: Enterprise Products Partners or Magellan Midstream Partners? @themotleyfool #stocks $EPD, $MMP






































Magellan Partners LLC                                                                                                    - Atlanta                                           , GA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



GA



Atlanta



Employment Agencies



Executive Placement



                            Magellan Partners LLC
                                    



 





















M 


Magellan Partners LLC                                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1200 ABERNATHY RD # 1700 ATLANTA, GA 30328
Get Directions



(770) 551-8225
 





Business Info



 Founded 1999
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $551,056.00
 Employee Count 10
 Industries Executive Placement
 Contacts Tom Freeh                                                                                                               







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Magellan Partners Llc                                                                                                    was founded in 1999. Magellan Partners Llc                                                                                                    specializes in Executive Placement. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















MagellanLLC | Mobile App Development Company and MBAAS Services



































































Ready to take the next step towards building your ideas and growing your business?
Get Started Now


You simply need mobile. But mobile app creation, development and maintenance? That’s not so simple.
Magellan Provides:

Mobile App Development – The apps you want – built quickly without sacrificing quality
MBAAS – Cloud and backend services – mobile app hosting & more, no maintenance and no infrastructure hassles
Reliable, scalable system – for all the content, downloads & users you can imagine
Over the Top (OTT) Services – Putting YOU in control of your content and puts money back in your pocket.

You focus on your business. We’ll take care of everything mobile. Simply everything.

Want to stay ahead of the competition? Your mobile strategy matters. Discover the five critical things to know before you develop your mobile strategy.


Download your eGuide now!
Enterprise Case Study: Vlogo SOCON Media dreamed of a moderated social video platform called Vlogo, where groups could communicate from anywhere at any time. Magellan helped them make it a reality. Learn how Magellan can help youSan Francisco's beloved restaurant Dino & Santino's wanted an affordable, yummy mobile app to entice its fans. M2 Matric™ cooked one up for them in days.Learn how M2 Matric™ can deliver for youM2 Matric™ for Small to Medium Business Startup company Just Like You wanted to create a platform where millions of people could connect with others who share their interests, issues and ailments in a safe environment. Magellan hooked them up.Learn how Magellan can help startupsStartup Case Study: Just Like YouM2 Cloud Services BackendThere are: 1.3 billion smartphones worldwide. 800,000 apps in the app stores. 70 billion downloads a year. None of that happens without a backend. Magellan's M2 Cloud Services provides the backend to enable mobile.Learn more about how Magellan can enable your app

Customer Testimonials


“Gentlemen – Your ingenuity, creativity and sense of innovation, along with your care and diligence have made this platform what it is. You have helped take an idea and make it a reality, thank you.”
Jim & Lisa HoustonFounder, Just Like You
“The broad range of engineering skill sets, experience, and focus on mobile solutions is why PIVPointe partnered with Magellan. Their efficiency and dedication has made our products a reality.”
W. Duane StaffordCEO of PIVPointe


Read more customer testimonials


Our Clients

 PreviousNext
   

MagellanHome
Contact
About
News
Jobs
Connect 



ClientsAggressor LLC
SOCON Media
M2 Matric™
Red Dash
LoginButler
NCMB
Dino’s Pizza
PartnersM2 Matric™





















Scroll to top






























































Magellan acquires refined products terminal | Energy | tulsaworld.com






































×
Thank you for reading.





If you have reached this point, you must really value what we produce and read us a lot. If you are a subscriber, simply log in for unlimited access. If you are a nonsubscriber, you are limited in how many stories you can read every 30 days. For a very short time, we are offering a $3.95 a month digital subscription for unlimited digital access. Go to tulsaworld.com/subscribe and never be interrupted when news breaks. If you are having an issue with your account, contact us at circulation@tulsaworld.com. 



We have used your information to see if you have a subscription with us, but did not find one.  Please use the button below to verify an existing account or to purchase a new subscription.


If you have reached this point, you must really value what we produce and read us a lot. If you are a subscriber, simply log in for unlimited access. If you are a nonsubscriber, you are limited in how many stories you can read every 30 days. For a very short time, we are offering a $3.95 a month digital subscription for unlimited digital access. Go to tulsaworld.com/subscribe and never be interrupted when news breaks. If you are having an issue with your account, contact us at circulation@tulsaworld.com. 





Sign Up


Log In




Purchase a Subscription


















×
Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area



Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service.
Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access.
Get digital access

Please confirm you are in our delivery area

Zip Code




Cancel
Confirm













You are the owner of this article.

 Edit Article
 Add New Article












Today's Weather Forecast
























Subscribe to the Tulsa World


























Welcome, Guest
Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
 Logout




My Account



My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout











                                Home
                            




                                ePaper
                            




                                The Latest
                            






                                News
                            



                                        Metro & Region
                                    


                                        Education
                                    


                                        State
                                    


                                        Government
                                    


                                        Crimewatch
                                    


                                        U.S. & World
                                    


                                        Courts
                                    


                                        Health
                                    


                                        Faith & Values
                                    


                                        Marriages
                                    


                                        Divorces
                                    


                                        Death Notices
                                    


                                        Obituaries
                                    


                                        Databases
                                    





                                Sports Extra
                            



                                        OU Sooners
                                    


                                        OSU Cowboys
                                    


                                        TU Golden Hurricane
                                    


                                        ORU Golden Eagles
                                    


                                        OK Preps Extra
                                    


                                        OKC Thunder
                                    


                                        Columnist Guerin Emig
                                    


                                        Columnist Bill Haisten
                                    


                                        College Football
                                    


                                        College Basketball
                                    


                                        Sports TV/Radio Schedule
                                    


                                        Outdoors
                                    


                                        For The Record
                                    


                                        Horse Racing
                                    


                                        Other Sports
                                    


                                        Drillers
                                    


                                        Oilers
                                    


                                        Roughnecks FC
                                    


                                        MLB
                                    


                                        NBA
                                    


                                        NFL
                                    


                                        Golf
                                    


                                        Auto Racing
                                    





                                Scene
                            



                                        Restaurant Guide by Recent Reviews
                                    


                                        Restaurant Guide by Cuisine
                                    


                                        Restaurant Guide by Location
                                    


                                        Food
                                    


                                        Movie Reviews
                                    


                                        Movie News
                                    


                                        Movie Showtimes
                                    


                                        Music
                                    


                                        TV
                                    


                                        Style
                                    


                                        A&E
                                    


                                        Home & Garden
                                    


                                        Features
                                    


                                        People & Places
                                    


                                        Celebrations
                                    


                                        Calendar
                                    


                                        Books
                                    


                                        Comics
                                    


                                        Ask Amy
                                    


                                        Dear Pharmacist
                                    


                                        Ask the Doctors
                                    


                                        Movie Blog
                                    


                                        Taste
                                    


                                        Table Talk
                                    


                                        ARTS
                                    


                                        POP
                                    


                                        Prairie Nerds
                                    


                                        What The Ale
                                    





                                Opinion
                            



                                        Editorials
                                    


                                        Reader's Forum
                                    


                                        Letters to the Editor
                                    


                                        Other Voices
                                    


                                        Wayne Greene
                                    


                                        Mike Jones
                                    


                                        Bruce Plante
                                    


                                        Cartoon Caption Contest
                                    



                                Weekend
                            






                                Work & Money
                            



                                        Energy
                                    


                                        Aerospace
                                    


                                        American Airlines
                                    


                                        Employment
                                    


                                        Job and Work Advice
                                    


                                        Retail
                                    


                                        Manufacturing
                                    


                                        Real Estate
                                    


                                        Transportation
                                    


                                        Technology
                                    


                                        5 Questions
                                    


                                        Small Business
                                    


                                        Consumer
                                    


                                        Agriculture
                                    


                                        Finance
                                    


                                        Legal notices
                                    


                                        Business People
                                    


                                        Outlook 2017: Business
                                    


                                        Outlook 2017: Quality of Life
                                    


                                        Tulsa Business & Legal News
                                    





                                Investigations
                            



                                        Veteran Center Deaths
                                    


                                        Life Without Parole
                                    


                                        Oklahoma Earthquakes
                                    


                                        Shadow of Doubt: The Prosecution and Exoneration of Michelle Murphy
                                    





                                Special Reports
                            



                                        Girl Scout Murders
                                    


                                        World War II Veterans Remember
                                    


                                        The Outsiders
                                    


                                        A Gathering Place for Tulsa
                                    


                                        The Oklahoma City Bombing
                                    


                                        1921 Tulsa Race Riot
                                    


                                        Terence Crutcher Shooting
                                    


                                        Oral Roberts
                                    


                                        Will Rogers
                                    





                                Photography
                            



                                        Galleries
                                    


                                        View Blog
                                    


                                        Staff Portfolios
                                    



                                Tulsa World Magazine
                            




                                Tulsa World TV
                            






                                Communities
                            



                                        Bartlesville World
                                    


                                        Bixby World
                                    


                                        Broken Arrow World
                                    


                                        Catoosa World
                                    


                                        Claremore World
                                    


                                        Collinsville World
                                    


                                        Glenpool World
                                    


                                        Jenks World
                                    


                                        Owasso Reporter
                                    


                                        Sand Springs Leader
                                    


                                        Sapulpa World
                                    


                                        Skiatook Journal
                                    


                                        Wagoner County American-Tribune
                                    





                                Columns
                            



                                        Ginnie Graham
                                    


                                        John Klein
                                    


                                        Wayne Greene
                                    


                                        Mike Jones
                                    


                                        Bill Haisten
                                    


                                        Guerin Emig
                                    


                                        Jimmie Tramel
                                    


                                        Barry Lewis
                                    


                                        Michael Overall
                                    


                                        Kelly Bostian
                                    





                                Jobs
                            



                                        Search job listings
                                    


                                        Job and Work Advice
                                    


                                        Work at the Tulsa World
                                    





                                Contact us
                            



                                        Circulation
                                    


                                        Newsroom
                                    


                                        Advertising
                                    


                                        Classifieds
                                    


                                        Obituaries
                                    


                                        Tours
                                    


                                        Human Resources
                                    


                                        Accounting
                                    


                                        Administration
                                    



                                Weather
                            




                                Obituaries
                            






                                Events
                            



                                        Senior Living Expo
                                    


                                        All World Awards
                                    



                                Databases
                            




                                Calendar
                            




                                About us
                            






                                Marketplace
                            



                                        Place a classified ad
                                    


                                        Advertise and market your business
                                    


                                        Jobs
                                    


                                        Autos
                                    


                                        Pets
                                    


                                        Homes
                                    


                                        Classifieds
                                    


                                        Daily Deals
                                    


                                        Display ads
                                    


                                        Findit Business Directory
                                    


                                        Legal Notices
                                    


                                        Tulsa World Store
                                    



                                Contests
                            




                                Special Sections
                            




                                Sponsored Features
                            




                                Best in the World
                            




                                Platinum Rewards
                            






                                Tulsa World Books
                            



                                        Cookies
                                    


                                        World War II Veterans Remember
                                    


                                        Barry Switzer: The Players' Coach
                                    


                                        Oklahoma Revisited
                                    



                                Bingo
                            
















Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout





























































80°
Broken Clouds 







 



                                
                                    Tulsa, OK
                                
                                 (74103)

Today
A mix of clouds and sun. High near 100F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph..
Tonight
Some clouds. Low 79F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph.
 Updated: July 26, 2017 @ 6:53 am



 Full Forecast


























































































        
        Magellan acquires refined products terminal
    


By ROBERT EVATT
World Business Writer

May 5, 2015
 0



























































































Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. purchased a petroleum products distribution terminal from Perimeter Terminal LLC in northwest Atlanta, the Tulsa-based oil and refined fuels storage and transport firm announced Tuesday.The terminal includes nine above-ground storage tanks with a total capacity of 350,000 barrels, and can handle low octane gasoline, premium gasoline, fuel grade ethanol and ultra low sulfur diesel via a connection to Colonial Pipeline. The terminal includes a state-of-the-art four bay truck loading rack with five loading arms in each bay.“Magellan is excited about the acquisition of this facility, which will increase flexible storage and distribution options for our customers in the Atlanta marketplace,” said Mark Roles, Magellan’s Vice President, Commercial Marine & Independent Terminals.Magellan began operating the facility on May 1st.


$3.95 a month: The new cost for doing business in Tulsa.
If you care about business and this community, it's a small price to pay to be in the know. For a limited time, get a digital subscription for just $3.95 a month. Sign up now at tulsaworld.com/subscribe.
Magellan owns the longest refined petroleum products pipeline system in the country, with access to nearly 50 percent of the nation’s refining capacity, and can store more than 95 million barrels of petroleum products throughout 24 states.





















































Tags


Magellan Midsream Partners


Perimeter Terminal Llc


Colonial Pipeline


Tulsa


Oklahoma


Atlanta


Georgia


Storage Tanks


Refined Fuels Storage









×
Post a comment as 







Emoticons 


[smile]
[beam]
[wink]
[sad]
[cool]
[innocent]
[rolleyes]
[whistling]
[lol]
[huh]
[tongue]
[love]
[sleeping]
[yawn]
[unsure]
[angry]
[blink]
[crying]
[ohmy]
[scared]
[sleep]
[sneaky]
[tongue_smile]
[thumbdown]
[thumbup]
[censored]
[happybirthday]
[ban]
[spam]
[offtopic]
[batman]
[ninja]
[pirate]
[alien]



Comment Text





Cancel


Post comment













×
Report








Cancel


Report Abuse
















×

Watch this discussion.
Stop watching this discussion.








                            Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion
                        

                            Notifications from this discussion will be disabled.
                        



Cancel



Start watching
Stop watching












 (0) comments 
                            
                        





Welcome to the discussion.


Log In



The Tulsa World requires that you use your real first and last name
on your account, which will appear next to your comments. If you
see a questionable comment or a fake name, click the report button
next to the comment. Review the guidelines to post
comments.



Post a comment



Watch this discussion.
Stop watching this discussion.


















                
                Latest Headlines
                
            






        

        
        Dangerous heat, thunderstorm potential forecast for Thursday in eastern Oklahoma



        

        
        Grease spill causes wreck, closes U.S. 169 on Tuesday evening



        

        
        Weekend Marquee: A star is born in 'Girls Trip,' the funniest movie this summer



        

        
        Shop and dine: Enjoy a meal at these grocery stores and markets



        

        
        Indian gaming helps drive rural Oklahoma economies, report finds



        

        
        Garfield County sheriff, five others indicted in inmate's death at jail



        

        
        Tulsa World Editorial: City election cycle change is needed



        

        
        'Ridgemont High' screening with cast member Robert Romanus to benefit 'Outsiders House'



        

        
        Review: The Cookhouse puts personal touch on standard comfort food



        

        
        Man stabbed in chest late Monday night in north Tulsa, police say






                
                Latest News
                
            






        

        
        Dangerous heat, thunderstorm potential forecast for Thursday in eastern Oklahoma



        

        
        Grease spill causes wreck, closes U.S. 169 on Tuesday evening



        

        
        Weekend Marquee: A star is born in 'Girls Trip,' the funniest movie this summer



        

        
        Shop and dine: Enjoy a meal at these grocery stores and markets



        

        
        Indian gaming helps drive rural Oklahoma economies, report finds



        

        
        Garfield County sheriff, five others indicted in inmate's death at jail



        

        
        Tulsa World Editorial: City election cycle change is needed



        

        
        'Ridgemont High' screening with cast member Robert Romanus to benefit 'Outsiders House'



        

        
        Review: The Cookhouse puts personal touch on standard comfort food



        

        
        Board of Adjustment denies special exception for bed and breakfast in Maple Ridge







                
                Most Popular
                
            







        

        
        Throwback Tulsa: A house in Tulsa may have roots in Frank Lloyd Wright’s personal tragedy



        

        
        Hundreds attend vigil as soccer community mourns four killed in car crash



        

        
        Rogers County Sheriff Scott Walton calls out Tulsa County DA, Tulsa police chief in open letter on Facebook



        

        
        Tulsa doctor's license suspended for 12 months after allegations of faulty cosmetic procedures



        

        
        After 30 years, Rev. Willie George of Church on the Move to pass the torch to son











                
                Jobs and Work Advice
                
            




















        

        
        How To Accept A Job Offer Like a Boss













































        

        
        How to Answer the “What is Your Current Salary?” Question in an Interview













































        

        
        7 Strategies for Women Who Want to be the Boss at Work













































        

        
        Top Opportunities in the Online Retail Revolution













































        

        
        Need a Job? These 10 Fields Are Hiring Like Crazy













































        

        
        7 Warning Signs Your Talent Is Being Wasted at Work













































        

        
        The 5 Types of Interview Outfits That Will Get You Hired













































        

        
        How to Criticize Your Boss Without Losing Your Job













































        

        
        How to Become a Nursing Assistant













































        

        
        WARNING: 8 Signs Your Job Interview is Scam













































        

        
        The 10 Best Places For Dads to Work in 2017













































        

        
        Why You’re Not Getting Paid More Money













































        

        
        10 Super Weird College Majors You’ve Never Heard Of













































        

        
        How to Decline a Job Offer With Class













































        

        
        How to Use Google to Create a Winning Resume













































        

        
        The Best States for Working Moms













































        

        
        6 Reasons Why Your Company Is Not Your Friend













































        

        
        8 Signs You Need To Get Out of Corporate America













































        

        
        How to Overcome Insecurity in the Workplace













































        

        
        8 Ways to Make a Terrible First Impression













































        

        
        9 Reasons You Might Be Failing at Your Career—And How to Fix It













































        

        
        6 Common Negative Thoughts And How To Combat Them













































        

        
        6 To-Do Lists to Get Your Life in Order













































        

        
        8 Interview Strategies for Introverts













































        

        
        Ask Yourself: Are You Happy In Your Current Job?













































        

        
        How to Become a Technical Support Engineer













































        

        
        How to Use Pinterest for Your Job Search













































        

        
        The Best and Worst States to Make a Living













































        

        
        How To Handle Gossip About a Coworker













































        

        
        What You Need to Know About Returning To Work After Having a Baby













































        

        
        5 Ways to Use Snapchat in Your Job Search













































        

        
        Top 5 Best Pieces of Advice from Elon Musk













































        

        
        10 Useful Apps You’re Not Using That You Need to Download













































        

        
        6 Steps to Surviving a Job as a Night Shift Nurse













































        

        
        10 Companies Where Part-Time Jobs Can Mean Full-Time Benefits













































        

        
        10 Unprofessional Habits That Could Get You Fired













































        

        
        Optimize Your Resume for an 8-Second Skim













































        

        
        7 Work From Home Jobs You NEED to Avoid













































        

        
        How to Become a Paraprofessional













































        

        
        10 Things You Shouldn’t Do When You’re Broke













































        

        
        9 Super-Tricky Job Interview Questions and How to Answer Them













































        

        
        7 Ways You’re Messing Up Your 401k













































        

        
        How to Control Your Bad Temper Before You Explode at Work













































        

        
        How To Find A Job In Another State













































        

        
        10 Practical Steps to Help You Retire as a Millionaire













































        

        
        Why You Need To Limit Your Social Media Use













































        

        
        8 Reasons No One Will Hire You













































        

        
        10 Top Companies Hiring Part-Time Workers Right Now













































        

        
        10 Traits That Will Kill Your Career













































        

        
        9 Huge Mistakes You’re Making When Negotiating Salary






































                
                Today's ePaper
                
                    





















        

        
        e-Edition




Make changes to your subscription
Log in to your account
Video an ePaper demo
Subscribe for unlimited digital access


















                
                Stocks
                
                    



































© Copyright 2017 TulsaWorld.com, 315 S. Boulder Ave.  Tulsa, OK | Terms of Use
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.





























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












Magellan Midstream Partners LP (MMP) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Magellan Midstream Partners LP (MMP) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay. 3.17 | About: Magellan Midstream (MMP) Magellan Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:MMP)
Q1 2017 Earnings Call
May 03, 2017 1:30 pm ET
Executives
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Aaron L. Milford - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Analysts
Theresa Chen - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Brian Joshua Zarahn - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Securities LLC
Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
John Edwards - Credit Suisse Group
Lin Shen - HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator
Good day, and welcome to the Magellan Midstream Partners first quarter 2017 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Mears, Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Magellan's first quarter financial results. Before we get started, I'll remind you that management will be making forward-looking statements as defined by the SEC. Such statements are based on our current judgments regarding the factors that could impact the future performance of Magellan. You should review the risk factors and other information discussed in our filings with the SEC, and form your own opinions about Magellan's future performance.
As you probably saw this morning, Magellan reported solid earnings for the first quarter of 2017. These results exceeded our previous guidance with each of our operating segments generating higher financial results than the year-ago period.
Our CFO, Aaron Milford, will review Magellan's first quarter financial results in more detail. Then, I'll back to discuss our guidance for the year and review the status of some of our larger expansion projects before opening the call to your questions. Aaron?
Aaron L. Milford - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Thank you, Mike. In my comments today, I will be making references to certain non-GAAP financial metrics, including operating margin and distributable cash flow. We've included exhibits to our earnings release that reconcile these metrics to their nearest GAAP measure.
Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter net income of $222.7 million or $0.98 per unit on a diluted basis, which was higher than the $207.1 million or $0.91 per diluted unit reported for the first quarter of 2016. Excluding the impact of mark-to-market futures contract activity in the current quarter, adjusted diluted earnings per unit of $0.96 exceeded our guidance of $0.90 provided back in February.
Distributable cash flow was $227.6 million in the first quarter of 2017 compared to $205.3 million reported in the first quarter of 2016. Overall, we're off to a good start for 2017, with all of our business segments showing improved operating margin performance compared to last year's quarter.
I will now move to a brief discussion of the operating margin performance for each of our business segments. Our refined products segment generated $221.3 million of operating margin in the first quarter of 2017, compared to $171.1 million for the same period of 2016. This $50.2 million increase from the first quarter of 2016 is primarily the result of $40 million of out of period mark-to-market adjustments related to our commodity hedging activities.
Segment fee-based activities also demonstrated growth over the previous year's quarter. Transportation and terminals revenues increased $17.1 million, compared to the 2016 quarter. This increase was driven by higher revenues from our Little Rock pipeline which came into service in July of 2016, as well as 4% higher demand for refined products including both gasoline and diesel in our markets excluding Little Rock, as well as 2% higher average tariffs as a result of our mid-2016 tariff adjustment.

Operating expenses increased $7.7 million, compared to the first quarter of 2016, as a result of timing of maintenance costs as well as costs associated with the operation of the Little Rock pipeline. These increased costs were partially offset by higher product overages for the quarter. As mentioned a moment ago, product margin increased by $40.4 million compared to the first quarter of 2016, as a result of out of period unrealized gains associated with our hedging program.
When we evaluate our cash margin, which takes into account when we physically sell product and normalizes for these unrealized gains and losses, the current quarter's cash margin performance was essentially flat between periods.
For our crude oil segment, operating margin of $101.9 million was $1.1 million higher than the first quarter of last year. Revenue increased $3.7 million mostly due to new contracts at our East Houston terminal and higher transportation revenue from our Houston distribution system. Volumes associated with our Houston distribution system were down compared to the 2016 quarter, but higher average rates due to deficiency in revenues recognized in the current period resulted in higher realized tariff that more than offset the decline in revenue-generating volume. Segment operating expenses increased $6.3 million as a result of slightly higher integrity expenses and lower product gains compared to the previous year's quarter.
For the quarter, volumes in our Longhorn pipeline averaged approximately 270,000 barrels per day, consistent with last year's quarter and slightly higher than our full-year guidance of 260,000 barrels per day. Equity earnings from our various joint ventures were $3.7 million higher than the first quarter of 2016. This increase primarily resulted from contributions from Saddlehorn which came online in September of last year and averaged approximately 40,000 barrels per day in the first quarter of 2017, which is consistent with its minimum volume commitment.
BridgeTex volumes averaged approximately 210,000 barrels per day during the first quarter of 2017, which is similar to the comparable 2016 quarter and also consistent with its minimum volume commitments.
Finishing up my discussion of our segment performance, our marine segment generated $34.5 million of operating margin in the current quarter, compared to $27.9 million in the first quarter of 2016. Revenues were higher as a result of higher overall customer activity and additional capacity at our Corpus Christi terminal. Operating expenses were favorable compared to last year's quarter, as a result of more favorable product overages in the current period.
Now, moving to other net income variances to last year's quarter, our G&A expenses were essentially flat compared to the 2016 period, and our depreciation and amortization expense was up by $3.5 million as result of assets being placed into service. Our net interest expense increased by $9.5 million due to a slightly higher weighted average interest rate of 4.8%, a higher weighted average debt balance of $4.2 billion, as well as lower capitalized interest related to capital spending in the current quarter.
Other income items decreased compared to the previous year due to last year's quarter benefiting from the $26.9 million non-cash gain resulting from the transfer of our Osage Pipe Line equity interest to Holly Corporation, as well as the current quarter being negatively impacted by non-cash changes in value of certain hedge positions related to our tank bottom inventory, as well as higher pension settlement expenses.
I will now move to a discussion regarding our balance sheet and liquidity position. As mentioned earlier, our long-term debt balance was $4.2 billion as of March 31 of this year, which included $167 million of commercial paper. Our leverage ratio was approximately 3.4 times. We continue to maintain credit facilities totaling $1.25 billion with $1 billion as a backstop to our commercial paper program. And other than a de minimis amount for letters of credit outstanding, the facilities remain undrawn

As discussed in past calls, we continue to make progress in establishing an at-the-market equity program to use as another tool for funding future growth. But with current leverage at approximately 3.4 times, we do not anticipate using this program immediately once formally established. This program will essentially help us manage our leverage in a manner that is consistent with our 4 times targeted maximum leverage ratio as we continue to make investments and grow.
I will now turn the call back over to Mike to discuss our guidance for the balance of the year as well as our significant growth projects.
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Thanks, Aaron. As part of our earnings release this morning, we reaffirmed our 2017 DCF guidance of $1 billion, which you may recall was in line with our original guidance for the year. Since that time, we have resolved the contractual issue with our condensate splitter and now expect to commence commercial operations during the late second quarter. However, this is somewhat offset by the contraction of the forward gasoline price curve, which would result in lower profits from our commodity-related activities.
We usually begin hedging fall activity around this time to coincide with the traditional seasonal decline in butane pricing. Since the majority of our fall blending volumes have not yet been hedged, our forecast for butane blending income for the rest of the year closely tracks the current pricing curves. So, while there have been a number of pluses and minuses, we still believe our earlier guidance remains reasonable at this point. And as a reminder, DCF guidance of $1 billion would represent a record year for Magellan, with distribution growth of 8% and a healthy coverage ratio of 1.2 times.
Moving to expansion projects. Magellan recently achieved a number of important milestones, mainly related to our joint venture projects. During March, we commenced operations of our Powder Springs butane blending joint venture with Colonial Pipeline and also the Carr extension of the Saddlehorn pipeline.
Further, Phase I of Seabrook Logistics is now operational and accepting crude oil imports under long-term commitment. As a reminder, Phase II of Seabrook Logistics is currently under construction, with a mid-2018 expected completion date. Once Phase II is complete, Seabrook Logistics will be connected to our Houston area crude oil distribution system and will accommodate crude oil and condensate exports as well as providing a broader range of crude oil import delivery options. There's also been a lot of recent activity surrounding the BridgeTex pipeline, which we own jointly with Plains. We recently started operations at our new Bryan, Texas, origin to accept Eaglebine barrels into the system.
As you may recall, we also announced plans to expand the capacity of BridgeTex from 300,000 barrels a day to 400,000 barrels per day, and that incremental capacity is expected to be operational by the end of the second quarter. In addition, we are currently evaluating a further expansion of BridgeTex up to its maximum capacity of 475,000 barrels a day, which we believe could be achieved by the construction of additional pumping capacity.
Our latest growth spending estimates are now $600 million in 2017 and $350 million in 2018 to complete the construction projects currently underway. These spending estimates are $50 million higher than the last guidance we provided due to the launch of new projects primarily related to the construction of 1.2 million barrels of crude oil storage at our East Houston terminal, and as previously announced, an additional 300,000 barrels of storage to support our Corpus Christi condensate splitter.
And as we've stated in the past, we do not anticipate the need to issue equity in the near future to finance the growth projects currently underway due to Magellan's solid balance sheet and low leverage ratio. We continue to evaluate well in excess of $500 million of other potential organic growth opportunities. We've been discussing a few of these potential projects with you, such as further expansion phases at our Pasadena terminal and additional build-out of our Seabrooks Logistics joint venture.

In addition, we are currently assessing the results of a recent refined products open season to determine if sufficient interest exists to expand our refined products pipeline from Houston to Dallas, Texas.
And, like a number of other players in the industry, we are also evaluating a new pipeline to transport crude oil and condensate from the Permian Basin to Corpus Christi. Active discussions are progressing for each of these potential projects. But as a reminder, these opportunities can take considerable time to negotiate based on their size and complexity, especially in light of the current dynamic market. We will provide further details as it becomes clear that these projects are moving forward.
And of course, we remain active in evaluating potential acquisitions. In the past, we've discussed our desire to extend our value chain to include gathering assets that could direct barrels to our long-haul pipelines in the Permian Basin, and that interest remains. There have been a number of assets marketed recently, which we believe were attractive assets towards accomplishing this goal. We have analyzed and valued these assets at terms that we believe are reasonable and in the best long-term interest of Magellan's investors. We have not been able to execute on this acquisition opportunities since the market clearing valuations have been higher than we are comfortable with.
Our preferred growth strategy continues to be construction of new assets which generally provides better returns. In saying that, we do believe acquisitions can be an important element of growth and we will continue to search for acquisition opportunities that fit our company well, while maintaining our disciplined approach to acquire the right assets at a price we believe makes sense.
And that concludes our prepared remarks. So, operator, we'll now turn it over for questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. Our first question is from Theresa Chen from Barclays.
Theresa Chen - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Hi. My first question is related to your comment about potentially constructing a crude line from the Permian to Corpus Christi. Can you talk about how you view your competitive positioning versus other midstream players who have indicated interest and some have substantial downstream assets at Corpus, one, as you alluded to just acquired upstream gathering assets. How do you think Magellan will win this project?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Well, I won't talk about the competition too much. It is clear that there are a number of parties, both that have announced their intent and perhaps some that haven't announced their intents that are evaluating a pipeline to Corpus. I think it's fair to say that not all of those pipelines will be necessary. We feel like we've got a good competitive position to start with. We also have a strong position, asset position in the Corpus Christi market. We have a large marine facility there with significant expansion capability. We are operating a condensate splitter at our facility that is a demand point for product moving in into the market. So we think we're just as well positioned in the Corpus Christi market as others. And our business model and the way we are proposing to operate this pipeline, we think, is attractive to the market. I'm not going to sit here and say that it's clear-cut that we are the most likely winner of this. But we think we have a very good and realistic shot of providing a competitive offering to the market.
At the end of the day, the winners in this – on this opportunity are going to be those parties that can secure the commitments necessary to make it happen. And we are, as we expect all of our competition, are talking to all of these parties as we speak and it is going to evolve over time. I really don't have much more to say on that other than we think we've got a reasonable shot at this. And we'll keep you informed.

Theresa Chen - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Thank you. And a broader follow-up question to that. There has been a lot of discussion on where the optimal destination is for additional Permian barrels in terms of export option from the Gulf Coast, Houston versus Corpus, for example. Since you have a footprint in both areas, would you care to share your view on this?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Well, I think the focus is now on Corpus primarily because a significant portion of the growth in the Permian Basin is expected to be very light crude oil and very light and – very light crude oil and the condensate particularly coming out of the Delaware Basin really are not well designed for the Houston refined market. They're more likely to be split at a condensate splitter or put on the water for export. So, if that's the primary focus of increased production – I'm not saying that's all of their production growth in the basin, and there's still going to be production growth that wants to go to Houston. But there's significant pipeline capacity at Houston. There's significant – and I shouldn't say just Houston, I mean that the Eastern Gulf Coast market, there is significant available capacity on many of those pipes that are there today. But Corpus Christi doesn't have the same pipeline infrastructure headed to it. And of a significant portion of this growth is going to be barrels that really don't have an interest to the Houston area refiners, and it has a primary interest to be exported. That's what's going to drive these barrels to Corpus Christi. So, that's why we and all the other players are focused on Corpus as the next destination for a pipeline.
Theresa Chen - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Got it. And just one last housekeeping question from me. What was your total CapEx spend for the quarter?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Our maintenance capital is right around $14 million, our expansion capital...
Aaron L. Milford - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
For the first quarter, total spend – payout capital $147.3 million, maintenance capital $14.8 million.
Theresa Chen - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Thank you very much.
Operator
And next we'll go to Brian Zarahn from Mizuho.
Brian Joshua Zarahn - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
Good afternoon.
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Hi, Brian.
Brian Joshua Zarahn - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
I guess, circling back on your proposed Permian-Corpus pipe, I mean would you entertain JV – obviously of other JV? And the Permian and outside of the Permian, how does that scenario fit into your planning?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Well, I won't call that too much on our plans. I mean, we – clearly we've been willing to do JVs in the past. We did that on BridgeTex. We did that on Saddlehorn. I'd say, if the situation was right, that would be something we would consider. But I don't really want to talk about the specifics around this pipe.
Brian Joshua Zarahn - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
And then, I guess going back to BridgeTex, can you talk a little bit about the additional expansion, you're considering potential costs? And then, how do you think about contracts going forward for BridgeTex, are you comfortable with the spot volumes?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Well, on BridgeTex, I mean, if you recall the expansion from 300,000 to 400,000, it was a very low capital expansion, single-digits millions of dollars. So, that was something we were willing to do without any form of commitment. To go from 400,00 to 475,000 will be more expensive than that, since we'll have to add incremental pump stations. It's likely, and I'm not going to say that it's a final decision but it's likely that we would be looking for contracts to underwrite that expansion if we were to do it. So, it's a little bit different than the one we just did.

Brian Joshua Zarahn - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
And then, does drag-reducing agent play a role as an option, or you would look for pump stations for the – to get the 475,000?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Drag-reducing agent's factored into all the evaluations. To get to 400,000, we're going to be using quite a bit of drag reducer.
Brian Joshua Zarahn - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
Okay.
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
But, no, we cannot get from 400,000 to 475,000 with just drag reducer. We have to add incremental pump stations.
Brian Joshua Zarahn - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
And then, on the splitter, it looks like the economics are roughly the same. I mean, anything worth noting in terms of the new contract for the Corpus splitter?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Well, I don't know that I'd characterize the contracts as roughly the same. I mean it is – I would characterize it as marginally less attractive than the original contract from a pure financial perspective. If you'll recall, we had initially talked about the splitter as being a six times multiple over the extended life of the contract, if it was renewed, that the early years would be better than that and the later years would be worse than that. If we were to make that same assumption today, it's close to an eight times multiple. So it's still a very attractive investment. But from a pure financial standpoint, it's a little less attractive. However, there are number of operational changes that were made to the contract that are very beneficial to us, and I'm not going to go into detail on those, but it was kind of a package deal on the renegotiation.
Brian Joshua Zarahn - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
From my understanding the timing has changed a bit in terms of the economics, but on average it was one turn higher on the multiple. What about contract length?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
It's still a long-term contract. But I don't want to comment on it any further than that. And, as we've said before, a long-term contract to us means five years or longer.
Brian Joshua Zarahn - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
Okay. And last one from me, going to Saddlehorn, understanding you have contracts with two large producers. But we're seeing some concern over potential ramifications of the explosion that took place in Colorado and maybe some regulatory action. Could those contracts be adjusted for unforeseen regulatory action?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
I don't have the contracts in front of me, I would – normally, they do not. I can't really speak to those contracts as I don't have in front of me. But I would think normally they do not.
Brian Joshua Zarahn - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
Thanks, Mike.
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
So, the short answer is I don't know what we actually have in that contract. I'd have to go back and read it.
Brian Joshua Zarahn - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
Understood. Thank you.
Operator
And moving on, our next question is from Shneur Gershuni from UBS.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Securities LLC
Hi. Good afternoon, guys. I was wondering if we can sort of talk about sort of the landscape of the Permian, and kind of your decisions to not secure gathering assets. And I recognize you're saying the prices are too high. But when I sort of think about it in context of your existing pipelines going to Houston, you just mentioned earlier to a previous questioner about light barrels and it makes more sense for it to go to Corpus. Doesn't it make controlling some of the gathering critical, especially when you got a contract rolling on Longhorn, I believe it is in a year or two? I was just sort of kind of wondering if you can sort of talk about that, and do you sort of loosen up on what you think the expected – or multiple you're willing to pay for just given the multiple impacts it has downstream?

Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Well, I mean, first, I would say and I would characterize it a little differently. I mean, we've said that we're interested in growing in the gathering business. And the recent few months, it hasn't been our decision not to. It's just been – it's been much more expensive than we're willing to pay. And I would characterize our interest in being more of a nice-to-have than critical. We believe, and our customers I think would agree with us, that we provide a viable desired transportation service from the Permian to Houston. And that the producers at the end of the day will – the large producers, in particular, will drive where those barrels go. No matter who owns the gathering system. And if the gathering systems that are in place won't accommodate that, then the large producers will likely figure out a way to make it happen.
So, we're – now I won't concede that owning a gathering system makes that a lot more efficient. But we don't think it's critical. We don't think it destroys the value proposition of our pipes that we don't have it. When we talk about valuations of gathering systems, you've kind of in a – there's two ways to look at it. The real value of a gathering system is if you are in a situation where you've got significant excess capacity, pipeline take – excess capacity, which would imply that production growth is not as robust as forecast. And if that's your scenario, then you certainly don't want to pay a premium for a gathering system based on current production forecast because in those situations, you've really overpaid for it. And you bought an insurance policy at a price that's excessive because the production growth isn't there.
If you look at the flipside of that where the production forecasts are strong and they actually transpire that way, which I think is what most people's belief is today, then that would warrant paying a premium for a gathering system. But it also lessens the need to have (28:37) insurance policy for your takeaway pipe because there's going to be enough production to fill your pipe up anyway.
So, when you balance those two things, you want to put a reasonable price, risk adjusted, on a gathering system. And that's the way we have approached it. We haven't approached it as it's critical and we have to have it at all costs.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Securities LLC
Right. No, that makes total sense. Just shifting over to – in your prepared remarks, you talked about establishing an at-the-money market or ATM program, what kind of CapEx profile would there have to be in, I guess, late 2017 or 2018 that you would then need to tap the ATM? Or I guess said differently, what would the CapEx budget need to be next year that you would be forced to use the ATM? Or what's that line where you use it or don't use it?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
I don't have a number to give you. But here is why we're doing it. I mean, if you look at our current spending, it would suggest that we don't need to do this. But as I mentioned, we are looking at significant expansion of our Pasadena terminal which could be anywhere from $500 million to $1 billion of capital opportunity. We're looking to expanding our Seabrooks Logistics terminal. We're looking at building a new pipe to Dallas, refined products. We're looking to build a new crude oil pipe to Corpus out of the Permian. If all of those things happen or even half of those things happen, it's unlikely that we will want to – that we could finance that, all the debt and stay below 4 times debt-to-EBITDA ratio. And so, we wanted to be prepared if those happen to fund with equity, if needed, and that's why we're putting the program in place.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Securities LLC

Right. I was just trying to figure out what that number was, like, was it $1.5 billion or $2 billion, and so forth. So, that makes perfect sense. And then, finally, when does the re-contracting discussions began for Longhorn? Is it something that happens a couple months in advance of the exploration? Or is that something that you sort of have kind of ongoing, and we could hear about extensions more than a year in advance?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
They're ongoing. I don't know that anything would be finalized until right before they expire. But those discussions are taking place now and have been taking place.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Securities LLC
All right. Perfect. Thank you very much, guys. Appreciate the color.
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Sure.
Operator
We'll go next to Kristina Kazarian from Deutsche Bank.
Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Afternoon, guys.
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Hi, Kristina.
Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Two quick clarification. One I – just in case I missed it, I don't think I did but just in case. Could you guys mention what the proposed capacity could potentially be on the crude pipe to Corpus?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
We have not. I mean that's all subject to the negotiations and discussions we're in with potential shippers.
Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
And you didn't say either what the cost associated with the 75,000 extension on BridgeTex was, did you?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
We didn't. We didn't.
Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Okay. It's not like the – if I was thinking the previous 100,000 barrel a day extension with the low single-digit number, it would be more than that though, correct?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
It would be more than that. We would have to put in pump stations. And so, it'd be more than that, yes. But we have – we're not ready to disclose that quite yet.
Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
No, no. It's fair. I'll go big picture now and a bit more strategic. Increased importance of exports coming off in a lot of the energy earnings call, so far. So, maybe could you touch on what you kind of would need to see to move forward on either the Pasadena or the Seabrooks terminal expansion projects, and just how you're thinking generally about that timeframe was?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Well, on Seabrook, I mean we're focused on the Phase II construction which once it's complete, we're going to have significant export capability at that point in time. Further expansion of that, I think it's probably unlikely that we're going to launch that until we get Phase II into service, and we see what the utilization is and what the – and where the market is at that time. So, that would be my expectation. I mean, there is a chance it could go quicker than that. I mean we're having discussions with interested parties on using the facility. And if we reach some sort of tipping point where we think – even before it's up and running, it's going to be full, then we would evaluate the next phase of expansion or approving the next phase states of expansion at that point. But we're not quite at that point yet.
On Pasadena, the interest is there today. I mean, it's just a matter of negotiations with counterparties, which we're doing and getting the commitments to build the next phases. And so, we're not waiting for anything there. We're negotiating those opportunities, as we speak.
Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
And then, when we're thinking about Pasadena, you kind of gave a bigger range in response to one of the other questions. I think you said $500 million to $1 billion there in terms of how much the next set of opportunities could be. Can you just help me bound range that, like thought wise, like – what does that mean in terms of how much we expand when I'm thinking about like – about the lower end versus the upper end?

Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
From a capital standpoint?
Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
No, from a, like, volume, like what's the difference? Like is there a smaller segment of the expansion? Is there a larger – like what are you kind of visioning in your head there?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Well, we – yeah, we have been – with regards to Pasadena, I mean, our business model there, which is subject to change. But what it is right now is to bring in three or four large interested parties, and then provide dedicated docks for those parties. That's kind of how we've been marketing that. The first phase, you would have a customer in there who is taking – I'm trying to remember the storage there, it's 1 million barrels of storage and a dedicated dock. The footprint there can handle 10 million barrels of storage and up to five docks. So, those would be the incremental expansions, it is additional storage and an additional dock. And those will likely happen in increment as we sign individual customers to support that. And just from a ballpark standpoint, I mean its increment can be a wide range. But it's probably $250 million to $400 million range for each individual increment depending on how much storage someone is interested in.
Kristina Kazarian - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Great. Thank you, guys.
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Sure.
Operator
Our next question is from John Edwards from Credit Suisse.
John Edwards - Credit Suisse Group
Yeah. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Just coming back to the issue of the gathering systems and the interest there, and you were mentioning that the systems you'd looked at, it just was – with the market clearing price was higher than you're willing to go. I guess what I'm curious about, are there still the gathering systems remaining that are presumably on the market that are still of interest to you? And what do you think the prospects would be of succeeding with some of those, if you can comment anyway in that regard?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Well, I will say, I mean it's no secret, I think, that there are still private equity backed gathering systems that exist. When and if they'll come to the market, I can't tell you. How competitive we'll be, again, I can't tell you on that either. I mean we will be interested if there is something that comes to market that fits well with our strategy, probably the only answer I can tell you.
John Edwards - Credit Suisse Group
Okay. So, there is no private equity backed systems currently on the market today?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
I probably should defer on answering that question. I mean typically whether there is or there isn't, typically if there is one, we would have signed a CA that says we can't talk about it anyway. So probably should defer on that question.
John Edwards - Credit Suisse Group
Okay. All right. Fair enough. All right. I was just curious if you saw any other gathering systems that would be what you've envisioned as a potential opportunity for you.
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
There are; there are. But that doesn't mean that they're going to come to the market, and that doesn't mean that we're going to win the bid. But there are other assets out there that we'd be interested in.
John Edwards - Credit Suisse Group
Okay. Thank you. And then, just following up on some of Brian's questions on the renegotiation of the arrangement with the splitter. So I was just curious, so you said basically the multiple from being around six has slipped a little bit to around eight. And maybe I missed it, but it sounded as if there wasn't really any financial compensation involved in that trade-off, but it was more surrounding the duration, that kind of thing, because you were in litigation there. And then you reached an arrangement, you settled it. So I'm just sort of curious, did you get anything out of that discussion that sort of kept you whole, if you will?

Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Well, we did get the things out of the negotiations, obviously, or we wouldn't have done it. I mean, I think notably we got much more clarity on the contract. I mean I think it's fair to say our dispute had to do with some difference of opinion on certain terms in the agreement, so we got clarity on that. And we also changed some of the operational terms of the agreement that were beneficial to us.
John Edwards - Credit Suisse Group
Okay. But in terms of a financial upside, is there an opportunity then to return to that approximately six times multiple? Or is it just going to settle out here at a little bit lower multiple?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
I think you should assume it's just going to settle at a lower multiple.
John Edwards - Credit Suisse Group
Okay. Okay, great. Thank you. That's it for me.
Operator
I have another question that comes from Lin Shen from HITE.
Lin Shen - HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC
Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Mike, can you talk a little bit about what are you seeing for the price curve of gasoline and also butane to make you feel that you may see some margin contraction for this year?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Well, when we're doing our forecast, typically, especially this time of year, we will – I mean we look at what we have hedged and we look at what the current – for what's unhedged, we just look at the current forward price curve for gasoline into the fall when we do the actual blending from the current curve for butane. And in many cases, we look at the prompt price of butane because that's the way we typically operate. If we see an attractive margin, we'd buy the butane now and hedge gasoline.
So, at this point in time, we have a small portion of our fall blending hedged. Historically, that's not uncommon. The last two years, we've been more hedged at this point because, if you remember the last two years, we kind of had big bumps in crude oil price – and it's all relative – in gasoline prices late in the first quarter. And so we took advantage of that. But historically, it's not unusual for us to go to this time of year unhedged, because historically the bottom of the seasonal butane pricing curve is the next few months, as we go into the driving season, as we go into the low RVP season, and there's an excess of butane because of the low RVP gasoline.
So the situation we're in now with regards to not being hedged is not unusual. But the margins obviously are driven by what the forward price curve of gasoline looks like and those are not particularly strong right now compared to where they have been in the past few years. And so, that's what we're exposed to. I would anticipate that we will start hedging for the fall here in the next couple months. And as everyone knows, the price curve can change dramatically at any point in time. And so, as we start to lock those in, we'll have a more certainty around what that's going to be. So – and I hope that answers your question, but if not...
Lin Shen - HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC
Great. Thank you.
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Okay.
Lin Shen - HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC
That's fine. Thank you. Thank you. Great.
Operator
Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Good afternoon.
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Hi. I was just wondering if you could comment on marine storage rates, any renewals you might have as far as the market structure impacting what you're seeing, any color would be great.
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
I assume you mean on refined products, and we – I mean the refined products renewal rates are very strong, right now. The market structure – with regards to marine storage, the market structure is less important than access to the water, and really the optionality is in multiple markets. So, I mean currently it's pretty strong right now.

Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Great. Thanks. So, that's it from me.
Operator
We have a follow-up question from Shneur Gershuni from UBS.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Securities LLC
Hey, guys. Just a quick follow-up question on Lin's question about gasoline and kind of your expectations. Is the issue just the curve is just not right there right now? Or is it more of a function of where the product is going? We've been seeing movements from pad two to pad one in terms of gasoline with some infrastructure that's been built, product been going out of Mexico, and so forth. I mean, is there potentially a permanent shift that we may be starting to see the early signals on?
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
No. I think, we're talking about two different things here. I mean, the kind of shift you're talking about can affect the basis...
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Securities LLC
Yeah.
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
...differentials in the Gulf Coast and the Mid-Continent, where we sell our gasoline. That's not what I was talking about earlier. I mean, that does affect our margins, and that basis can be seasonal. We really haven't seen anything right now that would suggest there has been a big permanent shift in that. And so, I mean, there's a lot of dynamics related there. I mean, you've got – sure you've got access to more exports coming from Gulf Coast refiners, but you're – I mean, we're also creating new markets for Mid-Continent refiners such as Little Rock and (46:34) Texas, that somewhat mitigates that also. So, that's not what I was talking about. What I was talking about was just the NYMEX curve. I mean start with that and then you have a basis differential.
I think your question of basis differential is good one, but we're not seeing what we think is a permanent shift there. I mean, right now, we do have kind of softness in the Mid-Continent due to large inventories, but we don't think that that's structural change. And so, no, my previous comments were really just the NYMEX forward price versus the prompt price on butane.
Shneur Z. Gershuni - UBS Securities LLC
Okay. That makes perfect sense. Thank you.
Operator
And that's all the time we have for questions today. Speakers, I'll turn the conference back to you for additional or closing remarks.
Michael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LP
All right. Well, thank you for your time today. We appreciate your interest in Magellan. And have a good day.
Operator
And that does conclude our conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Basic Materials, Oil & Gas Pipelines, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All MMP TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Basic Materials and Energy Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Basic Materials and Energy StocksSubsea 7 S.A. ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSUBCY• Today, 8:20 AM • SA TranscriptsCould These Sectors Be Tomorrow's Big Winners?IXC, MXI• Today, 8:18 AM • Stansberry Churchouse ResearchTullow Oil Plc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTUWLF• Today, 4:06 AM • SA TranscriptsHess Midstream Partners: An Oil & Gas MLP On SaleEditors' Pick • HESM• Today, 2:46 AM • Matthew ErbentrautTransocean May Be Heading Towards An All-Share Acquisition... 4 Potential CandidatesRIG• Today, 2:35 AM • Fun Trading•13 CommentsFreeport-McMoRan: Surviving And ThrivingFCX• Yesterday, 9:10 PM • Stone Fox Capital•17 CommentsAlbemarle: The Lithium JuggernautALB• Yesterday, 8:47 PM • The Lithium Spot•7 CommentsRoyal Dutch Shell - Lower Oil Prices May Slightly Dent Q2 ResultsRDS.A, RDS.B• Yesterday, 8:12 PM • Aisha Rahman•9 CommentsElectric Car Industry Faces A Looming Supply ShortageLIT• Yesterday, 7:45 PM • Oilprice•5 CommentsExxon Mobil: Earnings PreviewXOM• Yesterday, 7:02 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•3 CommentsGazprom Is Ridiculously CheapGZPFY, OGZPY• Yesterday, 6:44 PM • Hendrik Reimers•14 CommentsMid-Con Energy Q2 2017 ForecastMCEP• Yesterday, 5:25 PM • JSG_DRIP•16 CommentsGazprom - Value Or Value Trap?OGZPY, GZPFY• Yesterday, 4:05 PM • Sven Carlin•24 CommentsNewmont Mining Corporation (Holding Company) 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNEM• Yesterday, 3:57 PM • SA TranscriptsFreeport-McMoRan Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFCX• Yesterday, 3:57 PM • SA TranscriptsCameco: Uranium Rebound PlayCCJ• Yesterday, 3:49 PM • Samuel Smith•41 CommentsPhillips 66: Get Ready For An Upside Breakout On A Strong Q2 ReportEditors' Pick • PSX• Yesterday, 3:35 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•19 CommentsChevron - Q2 Earnings And BeyondCVX• Yesterday, 3:29 PM • Aisha Rahman•8 CommentsChromaDex: New Cash, New Strategy: Will Success Follow?CDXC• Yesterday, 3:19 PM • Montana Investment Analysis•11 CommentsExamining Legacy Reserves Ahead Of Q2 EarningsLGCY• Yesterday, 3:11 PM • Daniel Jones•13 CommentsChevron: The Worst House In A Bad NeighborhoodCVX• Yesterday, 3:10 PM • Josh Arnold•11 CommentsExxon Mobil: An Easy DecisionXOM• Yesterday, 2:41 PM • Josh Arnold•11 CommentsPlains All American's Yield Isn't Secure Yet, But Real Progress Being MadePAA• Yesterday, 2:38 PM • Callum Turcan•8 CommentsThe Bloom Is Still Off (NPK-Dependent, Non-Sustainable, Non-Economically Viable) Algae BiofuelsEditors' Pick • XOM, TVIA• Yesterday, 1:29 PM • Durwood Dugger•1 CommentVenator Materials Readies $477 Million IPO From HuntsmanVNTR• Yesterday, 1:18 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentFreeport-McMoRan: The Fight For SurvivalFCX• Yesterday, 11:29 AM • Quad 7 Capital•24 CommentsAK Steel: $7.50 Is Still The TargetAKS• Yesterday, 10:57 AM • Vladimir Zernov•17 Comments18 Junior Gold Miners Vetted By The BestGDXJ• Yesterday, 10:18 AM • Bram de Haas•46 CommentsFreeport-McMoRan Is Ready For UpsideFCX• Yesterday, 10:05 AM • Vladimir Zernov•27 CommentsNoble Corp. - Invest Ahead Of The Q2 Report - Here's HowEditors' Pick • NE• Yesterday, 9:51 AM • Bruder Capital, LLC•23 CommentsAnadarko Petroleum Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAPC• Yesterday, 9:12 AM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsWhat To Look For In Buckeye Partners' Results For 2Q 2017BPL• Yesterday, 8:42 AM • Ron Hiram•5 CommentsMaterion Has Growth Opportunities, But Adding More Value Is A Long-Term ChallengeMTRN• Yesterday, 8:15 AM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•1 CommentBellatrix Exploration: A Look At Its Three-Year Development PlanBXE• Yesterday, 7:34 AM • Laurentian Research•12 CommentsAcacia Mining's Ticking Time Bomb: A Mine Closure Is ImminentABGLF• Yesterday, 5:00 AM • The Investment Doctor•1 CommentCliffs: Majors' Production Reports Point To UpsideCLF• Yesterday, 4:43 AM • Vladimir Zernov•79 CommentsThe Inflation Trade Is Still OngoingXME• Yesterday, 3:51 AM • Walter Zelezniak JrFeeling Defensive? The Best Way To Own Gold, 'Bar' NoneFNV, OR, WPM• Yesterday, 1:29 AM • Joseph L. Shaefer•16 CommentsDiamondback Energy's WTI Break-Even LevelFANG• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:57 PM • Intrinsic Capital•8 CommentsHalliburton: Showing PromiseHAL• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:29 PM • Stone Fox Capital•1 CommentExpectations For Exxon Mobil's Q2 2017 EarningsXOM• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:10 PM • Aisha Rahman•21 CommentsWhat To Look For In Magellan Midstream Partners' Results For Q2 2017MMP• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:03 PM • Ron HiramOccidental Petroleum - Positive Outlook On The Dividend FrontOXY• Mon, Jul. 24, 6:57 PM • Aisha Rahman•17 CommentsKinder Morgan - Stock Price Recovers As Company Does What I Said It WouldKMI• Mon, Jul. 24, 6:36 PM • The Value Portfolio•13 CommentsExxon Mobil Outperforms Valero And ChevronXOM• Mon, Jul. 24, 6:05 PM • DJ Habig•8 CommentsA Weak Outlook Could Stymie Core LabsCLB• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:35 PM • Shock Exchange•7 CommentsHalliburton: Skepticism After Solid QuarterHAL• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:22 PM • D.M. Martins Research•3 CommentsOasis In The Middle Of North Dakota: 25% Upside In BaseOAS• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:45 PM • Cracks N Fracks•9 CommentsSchlumberger To Take A Big Bite Of Wall Street's LunchEditors' Pick • SLB• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:43 PM • Richard Zeits•21 CommentsKinder Me Once, Shame On You; Kinder Me Twice, Shame On Me!KMI• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:33 PM • Mike Nadel•378 CommentsHighlands Pacific (HLPCF) Presents At Noosa Mining Conference 2017 - SlideshowHLPCF• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:21 PM • SA TranscriptsSchlumberger CEO Tells Us The FutureSLB• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:52 PM • ValueAnalyst•11 CommentsVale SA: Still A Solid Long-Term InvestmentVALE• Mon, Jul. 24, 12:00 PM • Orthodox Investor•6 CommentsChevron Ahead Of EarningsCVX• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:44 AM • Callum Turcan•16 CommentsHuge News Courtesy Of Kinder MorganKMI• Mon, Jul. 24, 11:12 AM • Callum Turcan•36 CommentsHalliburton: HomerunHAL• Mon, Jul. 24, 10:09 AM • Quad 7 Capital•8 CommentsSeadrill: John Fredriksen, A Centerpiece In The Restructuring Plan To Be Unveiled As Soon As Next WeekSDRL• Mon, Jul. 24, 9:15 AM • Fun Trading•67 CommentsIs There Any Hope For Platinum Group Metals' Shareholders?PLG• Mon, Jul. 24, 9:15 AM • Peter Arendas•12 CommentsBuy Laredo Petroleum For The Obscene ProfitsLPI• Mon, Jul. 24, 9:05 AM • Long Player•14 CommentsCliffs - Generational Breakout OpportunityCLF• Mon, Jul. 24, 9:00 AM • Leo Nelissen•75 CommentsShale Oil: A Trend That Is Redefining The Cost Of SupplyEditors' Pick • CLR, LPI, QEP• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:51 AM • Richard Zeits•36 CommentsSchlumberger: Beaten Bellwether On SaleSLB• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:55 AM • Dividend Stream•10 CommentsI Am Keeping The Faith In This CompanyCVX• Mon, Jul. 24, 4:44 AM • Discount Fountain•8 CommentsHelix Energy Solutions Group, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHLX• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:12 AM • SA TranscriptsKinder Morgan, Inc: Markets Like This Quarter. Should You?KMI• Sun, Jul. 23, 4:46 AM • Dividend Stream•30 CommentsCan Anadarko Petroleum Continue To Tread Water?APC• Sun, Jul. 23, 4:01 AM • D.M. Martins Research•4 CommentsWill Falcon Oil & Gas Get The Go-Ahead?FOLGF• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:12 AM • Individual Trader•12 CommentsFreeport-McMoRan Earnings: What To ExpectFCX• Sat, Jul. 22, 2:30 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•21 CommentsQEP Resources: Imminent And Longer Term CatalystsEditors' Pick • QEP• Sat, Jul. 22, 11:39 AM • Richard Zeits•38 CommentsEssential Energy Services: Too Cheap To IgnoreEditors' Pick • EEYUF• Sat, Jul. 22, 9:52 AM • Michael Munro•12 CommentsNiche LP Yields 9%, 6 Straight Distribution Hikes, Strong Coverage And GrowthEditors' Pick • GPP• Sat, Jul. 22, 9:34 AM • Double Dividend Stocks•45 CommentsConocoPhillips: Earnings PreviewCOP• Sat, Jul. 22, 4:57 AM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•11 CommentsWhy Investing In Plains All American Pipeline Is A Sensible OptionPAA• Sat, Jul. 22, 3:47 AM • RCK Financial Services•35 CommentsSchlumberger: Finally Looking AffordableSLB• Fri, Jul. 21, 7:57 PM • D.M. Martins Research•6 CommentsOil: Economic Landscape Of Saudi ArabiaARMCO• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:00 PM • CME Group•10 Comments123456...711Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Total System Services' (TSS) CEO Troy Woods on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TSS•
      Wed, Jul. 26, 12:02 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Canadian National Railway's (CNI) CEO Luc Jobin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




W.R. Berkley's (WRB) CEO Robert Berkley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WRB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Smart & Final Stores' (SFS) CEO David Hirz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SFS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FCB Financial Holdings' (FCB) CEO Kent Ellert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCB•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




EXACT Sciences' (EXAS) CEO Kevin Conroy on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EXAS•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



DXP Enterprises' (DXPE) CEO David Little on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DXPE•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Houlihan Lokey's (HLI) CEO Scott Beiser on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Zions Bancorp's (ZION) CEO Harris Simmons on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ZION•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Amgen (AMGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMGN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMD•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•37 Comments 



Fibria Celulose's (FBR) CEO Marcelo Castelli on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FBR•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Robert Half International's (RHI) CEO Harold Messmer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RHI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Chegg's (CHGG) CEO Daniel Rosensweig on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CHGG•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Carlisle Companies' (CSL) CEO Chris Koch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CSL•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Akamai Technologies' (AKAM) CEO Tom Leighton on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKAM•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wynn Resorts (WYNN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WYNN•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aspen's (ASPU) CEO Michael Mathews on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASPU•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rocky Brands' (RCKY) CEO Jason Brooks on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RCKY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moelis & Co's (MC) CEO Kenneth Moelis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MC•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Invuity's (IVTY) CEO Philip Sawyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVTY•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Dolby Laboratories' (DLB) CEO Kevin Yeaman on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DLB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Juniper Networks (JNPR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JNPR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Celestica's (CLS) CEO Rob Mionis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Enterprise Financial Services' (EFSC) CEO Jim Lally on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EFSC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Compagnie Generale des Etablissements Michelin's (MGDDF) CEO Jean-Dominique Senard on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MGDDF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Texas Instruments (TXN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TXN•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CMG•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



AT&T (T) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


T•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•4 Comments 



Hawaiian Holdings' (HA) CEO Mark Dunkerley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4436Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 


MAGELLAN LFG PARTNERS, LLC - PITTSBURGH, PA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



PITTSBURGH



Business Services, Nec



Business Services, Nec



                            MAGELLAN LFG PARTNERS, LLC
                                    



 





















M 


MAGELLAN LFG PARTNERS, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



411 7TH AVE PITTSBURGH, PA 15219
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $97,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services, Nec
 Contacts JOHN R SCHMIT







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $97,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















magellan partners - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Magellan Travel Catalog - Search for Magellan Travel Catalog.



Ad
 ·
excite.com/​Magellan Travel Catalog



Search for Magellan Travel Catalog. Find Magellan Travel Catalog.




Magellan 2016 Updates - Latest 2016 Install. 100% Free.



Ad
 ·
Magellan.EveryDownload.net



Latest 2016 Install. 100% Free. Download Magellan GPS Updates Now!





Magellan Roadmate Update



Magellan Device Manager




Magellan Manager



About Manager





How To Update A Magellan Gps - How To Update A Magellan Gps



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​How To Update A Magellan Gps



Find the best articles from across the web and real people on Reference.com!





Browse Education



Browse Health



Browse Finance



Browse Vehicles





Magellan's Official Site - Shop Magellan's & Travel In Style.



Ad
 ·
Magellans.com/​Official



Shop Magellan's & Travel In Style. A 1-Stop Shop For Travel Supplies.




Searches related tomagellan partners



magellan midstream partners careers


magellan partners k 1


magellan executive partners


magellan investment partners


magellan midstream partners lp k 1



magellan midstream partners headquart...


magellan partners tulsa


magellan pipeline


magellan midstream




Web Results

Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.

https://www.magellanlp.com


About Magellan. Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (NYSE: MMP) is a publicly traded partnership that primarily transports, stores and distributes petroleum products.



Contact Us



Specialty Services



Our Culture



SEC Filings



Pipeline Product Specs



MMP Stock Price - Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. Stock ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/MMP


Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from MarketWatch.


Magellan Midstream Partners LP - Bloomberg.com

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/MMP:US


Stock analysis for Magellan Midstream Partners LP (MMP:New York) including stock price, stock chart, company news, key statistics, fundamentals and company profile.


Magellan Partners - Home - Consulting Services, Ventures ...

www.magellanpartners.ie/index.html


Magellan Partners in Business provides venture and advisory services for emerging growth companies. Based in Cork, Ireland, Magellan provides skills that combine the ...


Magellan GPS - Partners

www.magellangps.com/Company/Partners


Groundspeak Inc, located in Seattle Washington, owns and operates geocaching.com - the global headquarters for Geocaching, a worldwide GPS-based treasure hunting game.


Magellan Midstream Partners | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/company/magellan-midstream-partners


Learn about working at Magellan Midstream Partners. Join LinkedIn today for free. See who you know at Magellan Midstream Partners, leverage your professional network ...


Magellan Midstream Partners' Most Brilliant Moves in 2017 ...

https://www.fool.com/investing/2017/07/11/magellan-midstream...


Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (NYSE:MMP) has had a relatively quiet first half of 2017 since it didn't announce any major acquisitions or new growth ...


Magellan Midstream Partners LP (MMP) Q1 2017 Results ...

https://seekingalpha.com/article/4068720-magellan-midstream...


Magellan Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:MMP)Q1 2017 Earnings CallMay 03, 2017 1:30 pm ETExecutivesMichael N. Mears - Magellan Midstream Partners LPAaron L ...


Magellan Midstream Partners pipeline ruptures in Texas ...

www.reuters.com/article/us-pipeline-operations-magellan-idUSKBN19Y217


A Magellan Midstream Partners oil pipeline leaked some 1,200 barrels of crude on Thursday, triggering the evacuation of nearby homes while cleanup operations were ...










Magellan Travel Catalog - Search for Magellan Travel Catalog.



Ad
 ·
excite.com/​Magellan Travel Catalog



Search for Magellan Travel Catalog. Find Magellan Travel Catalog.




Magellan 2016 Updates - Latest 2016 Install. 100% Free.



Ad
 ·
Magellan.EveryDownload.net



Latest 2016 Install. 100% Free. Download Magellan GPS Updates Now!





Magellan Roadmate Update



Magellan Device Manager




Magellan Manager



About Manager





How To Update A Magellan Gps - How To Update A Magellan Gps



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​How To Update A Magellan Gps



Find the best articles from across the web and real people on Reference.com!





Browse Education



Browse Health



Browse Finance



Browse Vehicles





Magellan's Official Site - Shop Magellan's & Travel In Style.



Ad
 ·
Magellans.com/​Official



Shop Magellan's & Travel In Style. A 1-Stop Shop For Travel Supplies.



Searches related tomagellan partners



magellan midstream partners careers


magellan partners k 1


magellan executive partners


magellan investment partners


magellan midstream partners lp k 1



magellan midstream partners headquart...


magellan partners tulsa


magellan pipeline


magellan midstream




12345Next






Answers







Magellan Midstream Partners



Magellan Midstream Partners is a public corporation based in Tulsa, Oklahoma. It owns ammonia and petroleum pipelines in the Mid-Continent oil...

more






Magellan Navigation



equity firm Shah Capital Partners and other investors purchased Thales Navigation for $170 million and the company was officially renamed Magellan...

more






Ferdinand Magellan



Seville, Magellan contacted Juan de Aranda, Factor of the Casa de Contratación. Following the arrival of his partner Rui Faleiro, and with the support...

more










News Results






The Best Stock in Oklahoma: Magellan...



Kiplinger's Personal Finance

 - Jul 21


We scoured the nation to identify the best stock in every state. Magellan Midstream Partners (symbol MMP) is the publicly traded company we picked in...

more





What To Look For In Magellan Midstream...



All Articles on Seeking Alpha

 - Jul 24


Based on some of the key facts and trends identified in reviewing 1Q17 results reported by Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. (MMP), this article points...

more





Magellan Midstream Partners LP (MMP) Shares...



Vermont Business Magazine Current...

 - Jul 23


Sii Investments Inc. WI decreased its position in Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. (NYSE:MMP) by 6.0% during the first quarter, according to its most...

more


















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.













Magellan GPS Navigation Systems Maestro Roadmate & Triton
















 
 






















FAQ
My Order Status
Login
Your Account




0 Item(s)























                (800) 720-5537









GPS AccessoriesWireless Backup CameraLatest RoadmatesAutomotive GPS View All
RoadMate SeriesMaestro SeriesRoadmate RV SeriesTruck / CommercialEuropean GPS UnitsOutdoor GPS View AllTriton Handheld GPSeXplorist Series GPSSport / Fitness GPSGPS UNDER $100Shop by Size3.5" GPS4.3" GPS4.7" GPS5" GPS7" GPSFactory Serviced




























View All







5" Wide Touch Screen
Free Lifetime Map & Traffic Updates
Bluetooth Enabled


$149.95









5" Wide Touch Screen
Free Lifetime Map & Traffic Updates
Traffic Camera Alerts


$79.95










5" Wide Touch Screen
Free Lifetime Map
Integrated Dash Camera 


$139.95









7" Wide Touch Screen
Free Lifetime Map & Traffic Updates
Bluetooth Enabled


$164.95



Shop By Size  VIEW ALL









  
  
  

    
    

  
  
  

  
  
  







                    The Magellan Maestro GPS, RoadMate GPS and outdoor explorer's favorite Triton handheld GPS systems are all known for their reliability, stylish design, and cutting edge mapping technology. With some models carrying over 2 million pre-loaded points of interest, you are sure to enrich the overall travel experience of both you and your loved ones. Creating a safe and memorable journey is one of Magellan’s top priorities.  

Magellan GPS, automotive portable GPS navigation systems have been praised by engineers, business executives, and, most importantly, the consumer. The Magellan RoadMate Series GPS system has won numerous awards in both design and engineering, while the outdoor handheld Triton 2000 GPS receiver was crowned “Gear of the Year” by Men’s Journal in 2007.  One of the most valuable features of the Magellan GPS receivers is SmartDetour. This function delivers up to the minute information on freeway traffic and then automatically re-calculates the fastest detour.   
 
Magellan GPS Accessories for your Magellan GPS system range from screen protectors, GPS receiver mounts, cases & GPS antennas to mapping software, cradles & memory cards. With these tools you can customize your navigation system, creating a travel companion that meets all of your specifications. For those who are searching for a more affordable GPS unit, refurbished gps units are also available at a discounted price. 
                





















































(800) 720-5537

All logos displayed on this page are registered trademarks with their respective organizations.

Disclaimer: FactoryOutletStore.com Copyright © 2005-2017 Privacy Policy
Sitemap













As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING





            Enjoy Up to 75% Off Now
        

            Thank You for Signing Up
        

            Free same day shipping on all orders
        

            All discounts are being applied sitewide. 
        



            *Entering your email address allows you to receive emails on promotions, exclusive offers, and new products from factoryoutletstore.com. You can unsubscribe at any time.
        
















20-75% off
FREE Same Day Shipping
Ends Tomorrow



Your Shopping Cart is Empty
For Assitance Call Us! 
Check out our Top Categories to find great savings.





More Info














Add to cart






Featured Product




Email Opt Out

                    Thank you for visiting. We are sorry to see that you would like to opt out of receiving 
                    future email offers from us. Please take a moment to reconsider as our emails provide
                    you with savings opportunities and special promotional offers which are not always available
                    to everyone.
                

                    Once you press the button below, labeled "don't email me any more offers", we will honor 
                    your request immediately and no longer send any email offers to you from our store. Any special 
                    promotions that were scheduled to be emailed to you will be removed from our system. 
                






















Select Reason for Opting Out





don't email me any more offers




Call Us! 






 










FAQ | 
                Privacy Policy
My Order Status | 
Sitemap | 
Blog




Thank you for signing up!
As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING











Search Tips
Search for typos and double-check your spelling
Try to use different keywords
Search using more general keywords














































































Trustpilot




Trustpilot
























Magellan GPS Accessories, Mounts, Cases, Cradles, Antennas, Memory Cards at magellan.factoryoutletstore.com
















 
 






















FAQ
My Order Status
Login
Your Account




0 Item(s)























                (800) 720-5537









GPS AccessoriesRoadMate AccessoriesMaestro AccessoriesTriton AccessorieseXplorist AccessoriesPower Supplies
Mounts
Screen Protectors
Cases
Cables
Traffic Kits
Wireless Backup CameraLatest RoadmatesAutomotive GPS View All
RoadMate SeriesMaestro SeriesRoadmate RV SeriesTruck / CommercialEuropean GPS UnitsOutdoor GPS View AllTriton Handheld GPSeXplorist Series GPSSport / Fitness GPSGPS UNDER $100Shop by Size3.5" GPS4.3" GPS4.7" GPS5" GPS7" GPSFactory Serviced



















Home > GPS Accessories


Magellan GPS Accessories



 





Select Model Number
Maestro 3100
Maestro 3140
Maestro 3200
Maestro 3210
Maestro 3220
Maestro 3225
Maestro 3250
Maestro 4000
Maestro 4040
Maestro 4050
Maestro 4200
Maestro 4210
Maestro 4215 EU
Maestro 4220
Maestro 4245 EU
Maestro 4250
Maestro 4350
Maestro 4370
Maestro 4700
Maestro 5310
Maestro 5340
RoadMate 500
RoadMate 700
RoadMate 760
RoadMate 800
RoadMate 860T
RoadMate 1200
RoadMate 1210
RoadMate 1212
RoadMate 1220
RoadMate 1340
RoadMate 1400
RoadMate 1412
RoadMate 1420
RoadMate 1424
RoadMate 1424-LM
RoadMate 1430
RoadMate 1440
RoadMate 1445T
RoadMate 1470
RoadMate 1475T
RoadMate 1700
RoadMate 2000
RoadMate 2035
RoadMate 2036
RoadMate 2036-MU
RoadMate 2045
RoadMate 2055
RoadMate 2120T-LM
RoadMate 2136T-LM
RoadMate 2145T-LM
RoadMate 2200T
RoadMate 3000T
RoadMate 3030
RoadMate 3030-LM
RoadMate 3045
RoadMate 3045-LM
RoadMate 3045-MU
RoadMate 3055
RoadMate 3055-MU
RoadMate 3065
RoadMate 3065T-LM
RoadMate 3210-MU
RoadMate 5045
RoadMate 5045-MU
RoadMate 5045-LM
RoadMate 5120LT-MX
RoadMate 5145T-LM
RoadMate 5175T-LM
RoadMate 6000T
RoadMate 9020
RoadMate 9055
RoadMate RV 9145
SE4
Crossover 2500T
Meridian
Sportrak
Triton 200
Triton 300
Triton 400
Triton 500
Triton 1500
Triton 2000
eXplorist 100
eXplorist 110
eXplorist 200
eXplorist 210
eXplorist 300
eXplorist 400
eXplorist 500
eXplorist 510
eXplorist 600
eXplorist GC
eXplorist XL










Automotive Accessories











Handeld Accessories






























































(800) 720-5537

All logos displayed on this page are registered trademarks with their respective organizations.

Disclaimer: FactoryOutletStore.com Copyright © 2005-2017 Privacy Policy
Sitemap













As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING





            Enjoy Up to 75% Off Now
        

            Thank You for Signing Up
        

            Free same day shipping on all orders
        

            All discounts are being applied sitewide. 
        



            *Entering your email address allows you to receive emails on promotions, exclusive offers, and new products from factoryoutletstore.com. You can unsubscribe at any time.
        
















20-75% off
FREE Same Day Shipping
Ends Tomorrow



Your Shopping Cart is Empty
For Assitance Call Us! 
Check out our Top Categories to find great savings.





More Info














Add to cart






Featured Product




Email Opt Out

                    Thank you for visiting. We are sorry to see that you would like to opt out of receiving 
                    future email offers from us. Please take a moment to reconsider as our emails provide
                    you with savings opportunities and special promotional offers which are not always available
                    to everyone.
                

                    Once you press the button below, labeled "don't email me any more offers", we will honor 
                    your request immediately and no longer send any email offers to you from our store. Any special 
                    promotions that were scheduled to be emailed to you will be removed from our system. 
                






















Select Reason for Opting Out





don't email me any more offers




Call Us! 






 










FAQ | 
                Privacy Policy
My Order Status | 
Sitemap | 
Blog




Thank you for signing up!
As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING











Search Tips
Search for typos and double-check your spelling
Try to use different keywords
Search using more general keywords












































































Trustpilot




Trustpilot
























Shop Magellan RoadMate Series Portable GPS Systems By Size and Accessories
















 
 






















FAQ
My Order Status
Login
Your Account




0 Item(s)























                (800) 720-5537









GPS AccessoriesWireless Backup CameraLatest RoadmatesAutomotive GPS View All
RoadMate SeriesShop by Size 4.3" GPS4.7" GPS5" GPS7" GPS1700 Series2000 Series3000 Series5000 Series6000 Series (NEW)9000 SeriesRoadMate AccessoriesMaestro SeriesRoadmate RV SeriesTruck / CommercialEuropean GPS UnitsOutdoor GPS View AllTriton Handheld GPSeXplorist Series GPSSport / Fitness GPSGPS UNDER $100Shop by Size3.5" GPS4.3" GPS4.7" GPS5" GPS7" GPSFactory Serviced



















Home > Automotive GPS View All
 > Roadmate Series


Magellan RoadMate GPS Systems





Shop By Size















Page 1  2 3  







        Items Per Page:
        
        12
36
54




28 Items Found
    
Sort By: Most PopularPrice: Low to HighPrice: High to Low































Click to View Larger


Magellan RoadMate 5635T-LM
5" Automotive GPS
Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # RM5635SWLUC

GPS Vehicle Navigation System
5" Color Touchscreen
Free Lifetime Map Updates
Free Lifetime Traffic Alerts
Traffic Camera Alerts by PhantomALERT
OneTouch™ Menu
Landmark Guidance
Best Parking
Junction View
7 Million Points of Interest
QuickSpell® Feature with Smart City Search







Read More











More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $91.99
$79.95












































Click to View Larger


Magellan RoadMate RV9365T-LMB

7" Automotive GPS
Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product #  RV9365SGLUC

GPS Vehicle Navigation System
7" Wide LCD Touchscreen
Bluetooth Enabled
Customizable RV Routes
Lifetime Traffic
Lifetime Maps
United States, Canada, & Puerto Rico Maps
Landmark Guidance
8 Million Points of Interest
Back-up Camera & Rear-view Camera Ready







What's Included:

Good Sam RV Travel Guide & Campground Directory
12V power adapter
windshield mount & USB cable



Read More











More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $349.99
$164.95












































Click to View Larger


Magellan RoadMate 9612T-LM
7" Automotive GPS
Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # RM9612RGLUC

7" Easier Viewing Touchscreen Display
3D Buildings
Free Lifetime Map Updates
Free Lifetime Traffic Alerts
Portrait/Landscape Mode
Landmark Guidance
Traffic Camera Alerts by PhantomALERT
Junction View
United States, Canada and Puerto Rico Maps
OneTouch™ Favorites Menu
Up To 30 Minutes of Battery Life







Read More











More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $137.99
$119.95












































Click to View Larger


Magellan RoadMate 5250T-LM
5" Automotive GPS

Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty

 Replaced by RoadMate 5635T-LM 







 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product #  RM5250SGPUC



GPS Vehicle Navigation System
5" Color Touchscreen
Free Lifetime Map Updates
Free Lifetime Traffic Updates
3 Years PhantomALERT Premium
Highway Exit POI
OneTouch™ Menu
Landmark Guidance
Best Parking
Junction View
Portrait & Landscape Mode
 Millions of Points of Interest
QuickSpell® Feature w/ Smart City Search







Read More











More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $103.99
$89.95












































Click to View Larger


Magellan RoadMate 5322-LM with FREE Lifetime Map Updates

5" Automotive GPS

Brand New
Includes One Year Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i




GPS Vehicle Navigation System
5" Display
Preloaded Maps of United States, Canada and Puerto Rico
FREE Lifetime Map Updates
AAA TourBook Guide Information
Traffic Camera Alerts by PhantomALERT
7 Million Points of Interest
OneTouch Favorites Menu
Spoken Street Name Guidance


                        Product # RM5320SGLUC
                    

Read More











More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $149.99
$89.95












































Click to View Larger


Magellan Roadmate 9412T-LM

7" Automotive GPS
Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # RM9412RGLUC

7" Touch Screen
Lifetime Traffic Updates
Lifetime Map Updates
US, Canada, Puerto Rico Maps
Multi-destination Routing
Up To 30 Minutes of Battery Life
Traffic Camera Alerts by Phantom ALERT
7 Million of Points of Interest
Bird's-eye View
Spoken Street Name Guidance








Read More











More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $126.99
$109.95












































Click to View Larger


Magellan RoadMate 1412
4.3" Automotive GPS
Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # RM1412SGXNA

GPS Vehicle Navigation System
4.3" WQVGA Color Touch Screen
SayWhere text-to-speech
Turn-by-Turn Voice & Visual Guidance
Expanded NAVTEQ™ Maps
6 Million Points of Interest








Read More














More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $119.99
$64.95















None 




Extended Warranty


































Click to View Larger


Magellan RoadMate 9616T-LM

7" Automotive GPS
Brand New
Includes One Year Warranty






 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # RM9616SGLUC


7" Touch Screen
US, Canada, Puerto Rico
7 Million POI
Up To 2 Hours of Battery Life Per Charge
Free Lifetime Map Updates
Free Lifetime Traffic Alerts
OneTouch™ Favorites Menu
Traffic Camera Alerts
3D Buildings and Landmarks
Preloaded Premium Maps
Driver Alerts







Read More











More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $195.99
$169.95















































Click to View Larger


Magellan RoadMate 6230-LM
5" Automotive GPS with Dash Camera
                    

5" High-Resolution Touchscreen
Integrated Dash Camera
Free Lifetime Map Updates
Traffic Camera Alerts
by PhantomALERT™ 
Records HD Video
7 Million Points of Interest
Spoken Street Name Guidance
G-shock sensor detects sudden impacts






Availability: ✓ In Stock













Magellan RoadMate 6230-LM 
with FREE Lifetime Maps

5" Automotive GPS with Dash Camera
Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty












Product # RM6230RGLUC







More Details
Availability: ✓ In Stock
Free Shipping




$139.95
















Magellan RoadMate 6230-LM
with Carrying Case
5" Automotive GPS with Dash Camera
Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty











 Buy w/ Carrying Case &  Save 7%






More Details
Availability: ✓ In Stock
Free Shipping




$149.95











































Click to View Larger


Magellan RoadMate 5375T-LMB

5" Automotive GPS

Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i




Bluetooth Enabled




GPS Vehicle Navigation System
5" Display
Preloaded Maps of United States, Canada and Puerto Rico
FREE Lifetime Map Updates
AAA TourBook Guide Information
Traffic Camera Alerts by PhantomALERT
7 Million Points of Interest
OneTouch Favorites Menu
Spoken Street Name Guidance


Read More











More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $126.99
$109.95






























Magellan RoadMate 5375T-LMB

5" Automotive GPS

Brand New
Includes One Year Warranty



 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee i




Read More





More Details

View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock






Regular Price $179.99

$139.95














































Click to View Larger


Magellan Roadmate 9465T-LMB

7" Automotive GPS
Brand New
Includes One Year Warranty


                        National BackorderLate August Delivery
                    


 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # RM9465SGLUC

7" Easier Viewing Touch Screen Display
Bluetooth Enabled
Hands-free Calling via Bluetooth
Free Lifetime Map Updates
Free Lifetime Traffic Alerts
Landmark Guidance
Spoken Street Name Guidance
Traffic Camera Alerts by PhantomALERT™
Speed Limit Warnings
7 Million POI
Pre-loaded Maps of US, Canada and Puerto Rico








Read More











More Details


View Accessories










Regular Price $229.99
$189.95












































Click to View Larger


Magellan RoadMate 5270T-LMB

5" Automotive GPS
Brand New
Includes One Year Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # RM5270SGLUC


Magellan Roadmate 5270T-LMB
  Includes:

1 Roadmate 5265T-LMB 
1 Travel Case FREE 


GPS Vehicle Navigation System
5" Dual-Oriented Color Touchscreen
Bluetooth Enabled
Free Lifetime Map Updates
Free Lifetime Traffic Alerts
Traffic Camera Alerts by PhantomALERT
Back-up Camera Compatible
OneTouch™ Menu
Landmark Guidance
Bluetooth Safe Texting
Best Parking
Junction View
7 Million Points of Interest









Read More











More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $249.95
$149.95






























Magellan RoadMate 5265T-LMB
5" Automotive GPS
Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty



 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee i




Read More





More Details

View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock






Regular Price $249.95

$149.95





















































































1 - 12 of 28 Total









Page 1  2 3  



X Close
What does MAP Price mean?
"MAP Price" stands for "Minimum Advertised Price" which means that we are not allowed to advertise some of the actual prices we sell for because they may be below the manufacturers Minimum Advertised Price.
In these cases you can simply  click on the "add to cart" button to see our price. Please note that clicking on the "add to cart" button only places the item in your "shopping cart" there is no obligation to buy unless you complete the ordering process. At Factory Outlet Store we always strive to provide our customers with value. We believe that our combination of price, knowledge and customer service is the best that you will find anywhere.
























































(800) 720-5537

All logos displayed on this page are registered trademarks with their respective organizations.

Disclaimer: FactoryOutletStore.com Copyright © 2005-2017 Privacy Policy
Sitemap













As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING





            Enjoy Up to 75% Off Now
        

            Thank You for Signing Up
        

            Free same day shipping on all orders
        

            All discounts are being applied sitewide. 
        



            *Entering your email address allows you to receive emails on promotions, exclusive offers, and new products from factoryoutletstore.com. You can unsubscribe at any time.
        
















20-75% off
FREE Same Day Shipping
Ends Tomorrow



Your Shopping Cart is Empty
For Assitance Call Us! 
Check out our Top Categories to find great savings.





More Info














Add to cart






Featured Product




Email Opt Out

                    Thank you for visiting. We are sorry to see that you would like to opt out of receiving 
                    future email offers from us. Please take a moment to reconsider as our emails provide
                    you with savings opportunities and special promotional offers which are not always available
                    to everyone.
                

                    Once you press the button below, labeled "don't email me any more offers", we will honor 
                    your request immediately and no longer send any email offers to you from our store. Any special 
                    promotions that were scheduled to be emailed to you will be removed from our system. 
                






















Select Reason for Opting Out





don't email me any more offers




Call Us! 






 










FAQ | 
                Privacy Policy
My Order Status | 
Sitemap | 
Blog




Thank you for signing up!
As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING











Search Tips
Search for typos and double-check your spelling
Try to use different keywords
Search using more general keywords














































































Trustpilot




Trustpilot


































Magellan Maestro Car GPS Systems. Portable GPS Navigation at magellan.factoryoutletstore.com
















 
 






















FAQ
My Order Status
Login
Your Account




0 Item(s)























                (800) 720-5537









GPS AccessoriesWireless Backup CameraLatest RoadmatesAutomotive GPS View All
RoadMate SeriesMaestro SeriesMaestro AccessoriesRoadmate RV SeriesTruck / CommercialEuropean GPS UnitsOutdoor GPS View AllTriton Handheld GPSeXplorist Series GPSSport / Fitness GPSGPS UNDER $100Shop by Size3.5" GPS4.3" GPS4.7" GPS5" GPS7" GPSFactory Serviced



















Home > Automotive GPS View All
 > Maestro Series


Magellan Maestro GPS Systems


















        Items Per Page:
        
        12
36
54




4 Items Found
    
Sort By: Most PopularPrice: Low to HighPrice: High to Low































Click to View Larger


Magellan Maestro 3100
3.5" Automotive GPS
Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # 980934-01

GPS Vehicle Navigation System
3.5" Color Anti-Glare Touch Screen
Turn-by-Turn Voice & Visual Guidance
Pre-loaded Maps
750,000 Points of Interest








Read More














More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $63.99
$54.95















None 




Extended Warranty


































Click to View Larger


Magellan Maestro 4370
4.3" Automotive GPS
Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # MA4370SGXNA

 Replaces Maestro 4350   


GPS Vehicle Navigation System
4.3" Wide WQVGA Color Touch Screen
Bluetooth Enabled
Integrated Traffic Receiver
OneTouch Menu
Integrated MP3 player
SayWhere™ text-to-speech
Turn-by-Turn Voice & Visual Guidance
Pre-loaded North American Maps
6 Million Points of Interest








Read More














More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $74.99
$64.95















None 




Extended Warranty


































Click to View Larger


Magellan Maestro 4250
4.3" Automotive GPS
Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


 

Product # 980-0019-001

GPS Vehicle Navigation System
4.3" Wide WQVGA Color Touch Screen
Bluetooth Enabled
Integrated Traffic Receiver
AAA TourBook® Guide Information
SayWhere™ text-to-speech
Voice Command & Control
Turn-by-Turn Voice & Visual Guidance
Pre-loaded North American Maps
6 Million Points of Interest








Read More














More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $159.93
$104.95















None 




Extended Warranty


































Click to View Larger


Magellan Maestro 4700
4.7" Automotive GPS
Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # MA4700SGXUC

GPS Vehicle Navigation System
4.7" Wide Color Touch Screen
Bluetooth Enabled
Predictive Traffic Routing
Voice Command & Control
OneTouch Menu
SayWhere™ Text-To-Speech
Turn-by-Turn Voice & Visual Guidance
Pre-loaded North American Maps
6 Million Points of Interest








Read More














More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $224.99
$194.95















None 




Extended Warranty









































































1 - 4 of 4 Total












X Close
What does MAP Price mean?
"MAP Price" stands for "Minimum Advertised Price" which means that we are not allowed to advertise some of the actual prices we sell for because they may be below the manufacturers Minimum Advertised Price.
In these cases you can simply  click on the "add to cart" button to see our price. Please note that clicking on the "add to cart" button only places the item in your "shopping cart" there is no obligation to buy unless you complete the ordering process. At Factory Outlet Store we always strive to provide our customers with value. We believe that our combination of price, knowledge and customer service is the best that you will find anywhere.
























































(800) 720-5537

All logos displayed on this page are registered trademarks with their respective organizations.

Disclaimer: FactoryOutletStore.com Copyright © 2005-2017 Privacy Policy
Sitemap













As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING





            Enjoy Up to 75% Off Now
        

            Thank You for Signing Up
        

            Free same day shipping on all orders
        

            All discounts are being applied sitewide. 
        



            *Entering your email address allows you to receive emails on promotions, exclusive offers, and new products from factoryoutletstore.com. You can unsubscribe at any time.
        
















20-75% off
FREE Same Day Shipping
Ends Tomorrow



Your Shopping Cart is Empty
For Assitance Call Us! 
Check out our Top Categories to find great savings.





More Info














Add to cart






Featured Product




Email Opt Out

                    Thank you for visiting. We are sorry to see that you would like to opt out of receiving 
                    future email offers from us. Please take a moment to reconsider as our emails provide
                    you with savings opportunities and special promotional offers which are not always available
                    to everyone.
                

                    Once you press the button below, labeled "don't email me any more offers", we will honor 
                    your request immediately and no longer send any email offers to you from our store. Any special 
                    promotions that were scheduled to be emailed to you will be removed from our system. 
                






















Select Reason for Opting Out





don't email me any more offers




Call Us! 






 










FAQ | 
                Privacy Policy
My Order Status | 
Sitemap | 
Blog




Thank you for signing up!
As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING











Search Tips
Search for typos and double-check your spelling
Try to use different keywords
Search using more general keywords














































































Trustpilot




Trustpilot


































Magellan Outdoor GPS Systems Portable GPS Vehicle Navigation System at magellan.factoryoutletstore.com
















 
 






















FAQ
My Order Status
Login
Your Account




0 Item(s)























                (800) 720-5537









GPS AccessoriesWireless Backup CameraLatest RoadmatesAutomotive GPS View All
RoadMate SeriesMaestro SeriesRoadmate RV SeriesTruck / CommercialEuropean GPS UnitsOutdoor GPS View AllTriton Handheld GPSeXplorist Series GPSSport / Fitness GPSGPS UNDER $100Shop by Size3.5" GPS4.3" GPS4.7" GPS5" GPS7" GPSFactory Serviced



















Home > Outdoor GPS View All


Magellan Outdoor GPS


















        Items Per Page:
        
        12
36
54




7 Items Found
    
Sort By: Featured ItemsMost PopularPrice: Low to HighPrice: High to Low































Click to View Larger


Magellan Triton 400
2.2" Handheld GPS
Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # 980-0002-001

GPS Handheld Navigation System
2.2" Full Color Display
Built-in Maps
Compass Screen
SD-card Compatible for Map Storage
Rugged & Waterproof (IPX-7)
Uses AA Batteries (Sold Separately)








Read More











More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $91.99
$79.95















None 




Extended Warranty




















Magellan Triton 400
2.2" Handheld GPS
Brand New Includes One Year Warranty
Includes:

2.2" Handheld GPS (Triton 400)




 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee i




Read More





More Details

View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock






Regular Price $114.99

$99.95














































Click to View Larger


Magellan Triton 1500
2.7" Handheld GPS
Factory Serviced
Includes 90 Day Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # 980941-01

GPS Handheld Navigation System
2.7" Full Color Touch Screen
Built-in Maps
Compass Screen
Voice Recorder
LED Flashlight
Digital Music Player
SD-card Compatible for Map Storage
Rugged & Waterproof (IPX-7)








Read More











More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $126.99
$109.95















None 




Extended Warranty


































Click to View Larger


Magellan eXplorist 350H
2.2" Outdoor GPS

Brand New
Includes One Year Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # CX0350SGBNA

Product # CX0350SGBNA (w/ Knife)
GPS Handheld Navigation System
2.2" Color Screen
Equipped w/ Pre-Loaded Hunt & Topo Maps
Waterproof to IPX-7 Standards
SiRFstarIII GPS w/ 3-5 Meter Accuracy
Rich Graphics & Display
2GB Internal Memory
World Edition Pre-loaded Map
Suspend Mode







Read More











More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $249.95
$164.95















Standard




Extended Warranty




















Magellan eXplorist 350H
 Gerber Knife Bundle
2.2" Outdoor GPS

Brand New
Includes One Year Warranty



 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee i




Read More





More Details

View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock






Regular Price $344.99

$299.95














































Click to View Larger


Magellan eXplorist 310 
2.2" Touchscreen GPS
Brand New Includes One Year Warranty





 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i



GPS Handheld Navigation System
Brilliant 2.2” QVGA color screen
Core Outdoor Navigation
Waterproof to IPX-7 Standards
Paperless Geocaching
Upload detailed topo maps
SiRFstarIII GPS w/ 3-5 Meter Accuracy
Rich Graphics & Display
2GB Internal Memory
World Edition Pre-loaded Map
Suspend Mode







Read More














More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $179.99
$149.95















None 




Extended Warranty





































Click to View Larger


Magellan eXplorist TRX7
7" Off-Road GPS Navigation
                    
                        Product# TN1700SGLUC


7" HD Touchscreen
Intuitive Interface
Over 44,000 Preloaded Designated OHV Routes
Off-track Notification
One-touch Social Sharing
Searchable Outdoor & Off-Road Points of Interest (POI)
Ruggedized IP67 Casing
Doubles as a Standard Android Tablet






Availability: ✓ In Stock













Magellan eXplorist TRX7
7" Off-Road GPS Navigation
Brand New
Includes One Year Warranty











                                        Product # TN1700SGLUC

What's Included:

Windshield Suction Cup Mount
Vehicle Power Adapter
Mobile quick connect charge cable







More Details
Availability: ✓ In Stock
Free Shipping




$649.99
















Magellan eXplorist TRX7for 4X4 Vehicles
7" Off-Road GPS Navigation

Brand New
Includes One Year Warranty











                                        Product # TN1705SGLUC

What's Included:

Genuine Ram Windshield Suction Cup Mount
Vehicle Power Adapter
Mobile quick connect charge cable







More Details
Availability: ✓ In Stock
Free Shipping




$649.99
















Magellan eXplorist TRX7for Powersports Vehicles
7" Off-Road GPS Navigation


Brand New
Includes One Year Warranty











                                        Product # TN1715SGLUC

What's Included:

Genuine Ram Handlebar Rail Mount
Vehicle Power Adapter
Mobile quick connect charge cable







More Details
Availability: ✓ In Stock
Free Shipping




$649.99











































Click to View Larger


Magellan TRX7 CS 4x4 Edition With Built-in Camera
Off-road GPS Navigation
Brand New






 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # TN1735SGLUC


7" HD Touchscreen
Hi-res (10M) 2D Topo & 3D Basemap
Intuitive Interface
Over 115,000 Preloaded Designated OHV Routes
Off-Track Notification
One-Touch Social Sharing
Searchable Trail & Off-Road Points of Interest (POIs)
Ruggedized IP67 Casing
Built-In 5-megapixel Trail Camera







Read More











More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $862.99
$749.95















Black




Extended Warranty


































Click to View Larger


MagellanTRX7 CS Powersports Edition With Built-in Camera
7" Off-Road GPS Navigation


Brand New






 Returnable: 30 Day Guarantee
                    i


                    Product # TN1745SGLUC



Off-Road GPS Navigation System
7" HD Touchscreen
Hi-res (10M) 2D Topo & 3D Basemap
Intuitive Interface
Over 100,000 Preloaded Designated OHV Routes
Off-Track Notification
One-Touch Social Sharing
Searchable Trail & Off-Road Points of Interest (POIs)
Ruggedized IP67 Casing & Genuine RAM U-Bolt Mount
Built-In 5-megapixel Rear-Facing Trail Camera







Read More











More Details


View Accessories

Availability: ✓ In Stock








Regular Price $862.99
$749.95















Black




Extended Warranty









































































1 - 7 of 7 Total












X Close
What does MAP Price mean?
"MAP Price" stands for "Minimum Advertised Price" which means that we are not allowed to advertise some of the actual prices we sell for because they may be below the manufacturers Minimum Advertised Price.
In these cases you can simply  click on the "add to cart" button to see our price. Please note that clicking on the "add to cart" button only places the item in your "shopping cart" there is no obligation to buy unless you complete the ordering process. At Factory Outlet Store we always strive to provide our customers with value. We believe that our combination of price, knowledge and customer service is the best that you will find anywhere.
























































(800) 720-5537

All logos displayed on this page are registered trademarks with their respective organizations.

Disclaimer: FactoryOutletStore.com Copyright © 2005-2017 Privacy Policy
Sitemap













As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING





            Enjoy Up to 75% Off Now
        

            Thank You for Signing Up
        

            Free same day shipping on all orders
        

            All discounts are being applied sitewide. 
        



            *Entering your email address allows you to receive emails on promotions, exclusive offers, and new products from factoryoutletstore.com. You can unsubscribe at any time.
        
















20-75% off
FREE Same Day Shipping
Ends Tomorrow



Your Shopping Cart is Empty
For Assitance Call Us! 
Check out our Top Categories to find great savings.





More Info














Add to cart






Featured Product




Email Opt Out

                    Thank you for visiting. We are sorry to see that you would like to opt out of receiving 
                    future email offers from us. Please take a moment to reconsider as our emails provide
                    you with savings opportunities and special promotional offers which are not always available
                    to everyone.
                

                    Once you press the button below, labeled "don't email me any more offers", we will honor 
                    your request immediately and no longer send any email offers to you from our store. Any special 
                    promotions that were scheduled to be emailed to you will be removed from our system. 
                






















Select Reason for Opting Out





don't email me any more offers




Call Us! 






 










FAQ | 
                Privacy Policy
My Order Status | 
Sitemap | 
Blog




Thank you for signing up!
As an email member, look forward to:

Exclusive email discounts
Private sales events
New product launches
Product maintenance guides
And much more!

CONTINUE SHOPPING











Search Tips
Search for typos and double-check your spelling
Try to use different keywords
Search using more general keywords














































































Trustpilot




Trustpilot


































magellan partners - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Magellan 2016 Updates - Latest 2016 Install. 100% Free.



Ad
 ·
Magellan.EveryDownload.net



Latest 2016 Install. 100% Free. Download Magellan GPS Updates Now!





Magellan Roadmate Update



Magellan Device Manager




Magellan Manager



About Manager





How To Update A Magellan Gps - How To Update A Magellan Gps



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​How To Update A Magellan Gps



Find the best articles from across the web and real people on Reference.com!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





Free Gps Updates Magellan - Find It Here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Free Gps Updates Magellan/​Now



Find Free Gps Updates Magellan Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





Find Software



Economic Software



Gran Software



Modern Software



All That You Need
















Magellan Midstream Partners




Magellan Midstream Partners is a public corporation based in Tulsa, Oklahoma. It owns ammonia and petroleum pipelines in the Mid-Continent oil province. According to the United States

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Magellan Health Services to Acquire Partners Rx® - AOL.com

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/09/09/magellan-health...


Magellan Health Services to Acquire Partners Rx ® Enhances scale and expertise in Commercial Pharmacy Benefit Management AVON, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE ...


Subaru partners with Magellan for smartphone-based ...

www.autoblog.com/2016/01/05/subaru-magellan-smartphone-nav


Subaru announces Magellan's smartphone-based GPS map and navigation app as an offering in future vehicles.


Energy Company Says Iowa Pipeline Spill Was Smaller Than ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/iowa-pipeline-spill_us_588bb274e4b...


Magellan Midstream Partners on Tuesday said about 1,100 barrels of diesel had spilled from one of its refined products pipelines in Worth County, Iowa last ...


1 Energy Merger That Makes Perfect Strategic Sense - AOL ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2014/07/03/1-energy-merger...


Magellan Midstream Partners has one of the longest refined products pipelines systems in America. Currently it owns 9,500 miles of pipeline as part of a ...


Why Magellan Midstream Partners May Belong in Your ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2014/04/16/why-magellan...


Photo Credit: Wikimedia Commons. Increasing share of fee-based revenues Magellan Midstream Partners is primarily involved in the transportation, storage, and ...


MAGELLAN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP MMP - AOL.com

https://www.aol.com/stock-quotes/nyse/magellan-midstream-partners...


View the basic MMP stock information on AOL Finance and compare MAGELLAN-MIDSTREAM-PARTNERS-LP against other companies


Magellan Health Services Completes Acquisition of Partners ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/10/01/magellan-health...


Magellan Health Services Completes Acquisition of Partners Rx ® AVON, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Magellan Health Services Inc. (NASDAQ: MGLN) announced today that it ...


Better Buy Now: Enterprise Products Partners vs. Magellan ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2014/06/23/better-buy-now-enterprise...


Believe it or not, there were some American energy stocks that performed quite well before the oil and gas boom started. Magellan Midstream Partners and Enterprise ...


Magellan Midstream Partners Boosts Distribution - aol.com

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/07/25/magellan-midstream...


More money will soon be gushing from Magellan Midstream Partners in the form of shareholder payouts. The company has increased its quarterly distribution ...


Magellan May Expand Longhorn Pipeline on Strong Demand ...

https://www.aol.com/2013/05/08/magellan-may-expand-longhorn...


Magellan Midstream Partners is thinking about expanding its newly reversed Longhorn pipeline, as demand for pipeline shipments from Texas' Permian Basin continues to ...










Magellan 2016 Updates - Latest 2016 Install. 100% Free.



Ad
 ·
Magellan.EveryDownload.net



Latest 2016 Install. 100% Free. Download Magellan GPS Updates Now!





Magellan Roadmate Update



Magellan Device Manager




Magellan Manager



About Manager





How To Update A Magellan Gps - How To Update A Magellan Gps



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​How To Update A Magellan Gps



Find the best articles from across the web and real people on Reference.com!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





Free Gps Updates Magellan - Find It Here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Free Gps Updates Magellan/​Now



Find Free Gps Updates Magellan Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





Find Software



Economic Software



Gran Software



Modern Software



All That You Need




Searches related tomagellan partners



magellan midstream partners careers


magellan partners k 1


magellan executive partners


magellan investment partners


magellan midstream partners lp k 1



magellan midstream partners headquart...


magellan partners tulsa


magellan pipeline


magellan midstream




12345Next

Related Searches



magellan midstream partners careers


magellan partners k 1


magellan executive partners


magellan investment partners


magellan midstream partners lp k 1


magellan midstream partners headquarters


magellan partners tulsa


magellan pipeline


magellan midstream




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








