








Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, PHD, JD | Axcella Health, Inc




 Skip to main content












Menu 




Search this site 


 






WHAT WE DOWhy Amino AcidsOur PlatformTherapeutic FocusWHO WE ARELeadership TeamBoard of DirectorsAdvisorsInvestorsPRESS RELEASES & EVENTSJOIN USCareer Opportunities





 








Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, PHD, JD






Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer





 












Dr. Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch has more than 18 years of senior management experience in biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry with expertise in financing, corporate partnering and M&A, clinical development, regulatory affairs, commercialization, legal and IP matters, and preparation and implementation of operating plans.Prior to joining Axcella, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch was Senior Vice President and Head of Global Business Development at Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd. In her time at Teva, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch led and executed over $5 billion in business development transactions, including licensing and acquisition of companies, businesses, commercial products, drug candidates and/or technologies, as well as asset divestitures to support operational strategies and objectives of Teva’s Global Specialty R&D and Commercial Franchises to drive growth and value for the company.Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch began her biopharma career at Transkaryotic Therapies, Inc., where she was Director of Intellectual Property and Patent Counsel. Subsequently, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch joined Dyax Corp. and served in management roles of increasing scope and responsibility, including Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. She established the commercial infrastructure of the company’s first FDA-approved drug, Kalbitor®, for treatment of hereditary angioedema attacks, a very rare and potentially life-threatening genetic condition.Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation (AGTC), a biotech company developing cures for rare eye diseases through gene therapy, a member of the Board of Directors for Alivio Therapeutics, a biotech company developing novel drug formulations for inflammatory diseases, a Trustee of the Wentworth Institute of Technology, and an overseer of the Boston Ballet, Boston Museum of Science and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.Dr. Magovcevic holds a Ph.D. in Genetics from Harvard University and received her J.D. in High Technology law from Suffolk University Law School. She graduated from Wheaton College with a B.A. in Biology and Chemistry. In 2008, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch was the winner of the Woman Entrepreneurs in Science and Technology Leadership Award.







What drew you to Axcella?The opportunity to be a member of an exceptional team working together to improve lives of patients and their families through a revolutionary technology.Your greatest non-professional accomplishment?Being a mother to two amazing kids.As a child, what did you want to be when you grew up?A fashion designer.What do you know now that your wish you knew when you were younger?The importance of work-life balance – this is such an important part of the culture at Axcella!Favorite book and author?One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel García Márquez.

 






Back to Leadership Team 











Contact Us

840 Memorial Drive, Cambridge, MA 02139Entrance on Blackstone Street | Third FloorO: 857-320-2200 | F: 617-441-6243info@axcellahealth.com 




LinkedIn





Site MapTerms of UsePrivacy Policy



© 2017 Axcella Health, Inc. All rights reserved.

 
 














Ivana Magovcevic‐Liebisch, Ph.D., J.D. — Alivio

















































Ivana Magovcevic‐Liebisch, Ph.D., J.D.












Dr. Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch is Senior Vice President and Head of Global Business Development at Teva Pharmaceuticals. In this capacity, Ivana is responsible for the execution of transactions identified by Teva’s R&D, Global Franchises and US Specialty teams, including the licensing of commercial products, drug candidates and technologies. Prior to Teva, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch held several senior positions at Dyax Corp., most recently as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to Dyax, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch was Director of Intellectual Property and Patent Counsel for Transkaryotic Therapies, Inc., Cambridge, MA. 

Back





















Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, PhD, JD | The Conference Forum





































































Chief Medical Officer Summit

Save The Date!
May 7-8, 2018
Omni Parker House, Boston, MA, USA



Menu

Home
Conferences

Mobile in Clinical TrialsDPharm Pre-Con WorkshopDisruptive Innovations USPartnerships in Drug DeliveryPatients as Partners EuropeDisrupting Clinical Trials EuropeImmuno-Oncology 360°R&D Leadership SummitPatients as Partners USClinical Trial CollaborationsClinical Research as a Care OptionChief Medical Officer SummitRational Combinations 360° 

Advisors
Scholarships
Pharma Talk Radio
About Us

Affiliations

Cancer Research Institute
CISCRP


Mission
FAQs
News
Videos


Contact Us

How to Get Involved

Exhibit/Sponsor
Speaker/Panelist
Media









Overview
Speakers
Speaker Presentations
Agenda
Download Agenda
Who Should Attend
Sponsorship/Exhibitor Opportunities
2018 Sponsors / Exhibitors
2017 Sponsors / Exhibitors
2017 Partners / Media
Venue & Hotel Information
Event Blog
2017 Photo Gallery
Scholarships



Chief Medical Officer Summit Speakers Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, PhD, JD
SVP, Head of Corporate Business Development Teva Pharmaceuticals
Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch joined Teva as Senior Vice President, Head of Global Business Development in April 2013. In this capacity, Ivana is responsible for the execution of transactions identified by Teva’s R&D, Global Franchises and US Specialty teams, including the licensing of commercial products, drug candidates and technologies.
Prior to Teva, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch joined Dyax Corp. in April 2001, and had served as an executive officer at the Company since 2005. During her tenure, she held several senior positions within the company, most recently as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer.
Prior to Dyax, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch was Director of Intellectual Property and Patent Counsel for Transkaryotic Therapies, Inc., Cambridge, MA.
She received her JD in high technology law from Suffolk University Law School, Boston, MA and her PhD in genetics from Harvard University, Cambridge, MA.
Return to Speakers page »






Home |
        Conferences |
        Advisors |
        News |
        About Us |
        Contact Us
Privacy Policy |
        Terms and Conditions


        © 2017 The Conference Forum
    

Follow Us:
facebook
twitter
linkedin














Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch Ph.D., J.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 1:57 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Axcella Health, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Ivana   Magovcevic-Liebisch Ph.D., J.D.Chief Strategy & Corporate Development Officer and Executive Vice President, Axcella Health, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships50--
Background

		Dr. Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, Ph.D., J.D. has been Chief Strategy & Corporate Development Officer and Executive Vice President at Axcella Health, Inc. since May 11, 2017. Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch served as the Head of Corporate Business Development and Senior Vice President of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited since April 2013. Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch was responsible for the execution of transactions identified by Teva’s R&D, Global Franchises and US Specialty teams, ... including the licensing of commercial products, drug candidates and technologies. She served as an Advisor of PureTech Health plc from October 13, 2016 to April 6, 2017. She served as the Chief Operating Officer of Dyax Corp. from August 2012 to March 29, 2013 and Executive Vice President from June 2011 to March 29, 2013. She served as the Chief Business Officer of Dyax Corp. from June 2011 to August 2012, Chief Legal Officer since February 2004 and as its General Counsel from December 9, 2005 to August 2012. She served as an Executive Vice President of Corporate Development at Dyax Corp. since September 2009, Executive Vice President of Administration since April 2007 and also served as its Assistant Secretary. She headed the Legal and Investor Relations & Corporate Communications departments at Dyax. Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch served as the Chief Patent Counsel and Senior Vice President of Legal Affairs at Dyax Corp. from February 2004 to December 9, 2005 and also served as its Executive Vice President of Corporate Communications since December 9, 2005. She joined Dyax Corp. in April 2001 as Vice President of Intellectual Property. She is also a trustee of the Wentworth Institute of Technology and an overseer of the Boston Ballet, Boston Museum of Science and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch served as Director of Intellectual Property and Patent Counsel of Transkaryotic Therapies Inc. from 1998 to 2001. She served as a Patent Agent of Fish and Richardson and Lahive & Cockfield, two Boston patent law firms. She has been a Director at Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation since June 30, 2014. She holds a Ph.D./doctorate degree in genetics from Harvard University and a J.D. from Suffolk University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
840 Memorial DriveCambridge, Massachusetts 02139United StatesPhone: 857-320-2200Fax: 617-441-6243
Board Members Memberships
2014-PresentDirectorApplied Genetic Technologies Corporation
Education
Doctorate Harvard UniversityJD Suffolk University
Other Affiliations
Dyax Corp.Harvard UniversityTeva Pharmaceutical Industries LimitedSuffolk UniversityApplied Genetic Technologies CorporationPureTech Health plc


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Axcella Health, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Ivana  Magovcevic - Waban, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Ivana  Magovcevic in Waban, MA


Ivana  Magovcevic

                                                                                       Intelius found that Ivana  Magovcevic  is  a female between 50 and 50 years old from Waban, MA.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Ivana Maravic Magovcevic
Ivana Maravic Magovcevic-Liebisch
Ivana  Maravic-Magovcevic
Magovcevic Ivana Maravic
Maravic Magovcevic Ivana
Ivana  Liebisch


Get Report Now

Age

Ivana  Magovcevic is in her 50s

Ivana Has Lived In

Waban, MA
Boston, MA
Cambridge, MA

Ivana's Relatives

Lars Liebisch
Katica Magovcevic
Mariola Magovcevic







Ivana  Magovcevic



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderFemale



Professional Status
General Counsel at Dyax Corp.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Ivana? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Ivana, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Ivana  Magovcevic
Get a Criminal Check on Ivana  Magovcevic
Get a Public Record Report on Ivana  Magovcevic
Get a People Search Report on Ivana  Magovcevic


Ivana  Magovcevic's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Ivana  Magovcevic has lived as well as Ivana  Magovcevic's phone numbers and email addresses.




Ivana  Magovcevic Has Lived in 1 States
Massachusetts Address for Ivana  Magovcevic


208 C****** R* 

Waban, MA


Has Lived In

Waban, MA
Boston, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Ivana  Magovcevic

(617) ***-**** - Waban, MA 
(617) ***-**** - Brookline, MA 
(617) ***-**** - Brookline, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Ivana  Magovcevic



Get Email Report




Ivana  Magovcevic's Professional Information
Information regarding Ivana  Magovcevic's professional history.  Find out previous places Ivana  Magovcevic has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Ivana  Magovcevic Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Dyax Corp.
               Title: General Counsel
Company: Dyax Corp.
               Title: Executive Vice President
Ivana  Magovcevic's Experience
Title: General Counsel
               Company: Dyax Corp.
Job Details
               Dyax is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel biotherapeutics for unmet medical needs. Dyax is developing DX-2930, a fully human monoclonal antibody, for the prevention of HAE attacks. Additionally, Dyax markets KALBITOR Â® (ecallantide) for the treatment of acute attacks of HAE in patients 12 years of age and older. Both DX-2930 and KALBITOR were identified using Dyaxâ€™s proprietary phage display technology. Dyax has broadly licensed this technology under its Licensing and Funded Research Portfolio (LFRP). The current portfolio includes two FDA approved products and multiple product candidates in various stages of clinical development for which Dyax is eligible to receive future milestones and royalties.
Title: Executive Vice President
               Company: Dyax Corp.
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Ivana  Magovcevic

 See Ivana  Magovcevic's LinkedIn Profile



Ivana  Magovcevic's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Ivana  Magovcevic


Ivana  Magovcevic's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Ivana  Magovcevic's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Ivana Magovcevic
Username Matches

                  IvanaMagovcevic
                  MagovcevicIvana
                  Ivana.Magovcevic
                  Magovcevic.Ivana
                  Ivana_Magovcevic
                  Magovcevic_Ivana
                  Ivana-Magovcevic
                  Magovcevic-Ivana
                  IMagovcevic
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
I Magovcevic







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














AGTC Appoints David R. Guyer, MD, and Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, PhD, JD, to Its Board of Directors (NASDAQ:AGTC)















 



Facebook
Google+
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





Jun 30, 2014



« Previous Release | Next Release »


PDF






AGTC Appoints David R. Guyer, MD, and Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, PhD, JD, to Its Board of Directors

GAINESVILLE, Fla., June 30, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation (Nasdaq:AGTC), a clinical stage biotechnology company developing adeno-associated virus (AAV)-based gene therapies for the treatment of rare eye diseases, today announced that it has appointed David R. Guyer, MD, and Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, PhD, JD, to the company's Board of Directors.

	"Dr. Guyer and Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch bring important expertise and industry leadership to the AGTC Board of Directors, and I expect that both will be instrumental to our success in realizing the potential of our best-in-class technology and product portfolio," said Dr. Scott Koenig, MD, Chairman of the AGTC Board of Directors. "We believe that the combination of David's significant track record in developing and commercializing ophthalmologic therapies with Ivana's extensive experience in biopharmaceutical business development and operations will prove a powerful asset for AGTC as we advance our gene-based product candidates for genetic eye diseases. I am pleased to welcome them to the AGTC Board of Directors."

	Dr. Guyer is Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Ophthotech Corporation. Under his leadership, Ophthotech has successfully completed several rounds of private and public financing and entered into an ex-US licensing and commercialization deal for Fovista® with Novartis that is one of the largest ex-US partnering transactions in the biotechnology industry. Previously, Dr. Guyer co-founded and served as CEO and Director at Eyetech Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where he oversaw the rapid development and successful commercialization of Macugen® (pegaptanib sodium), the first FDA-approved anti-VEGF pharmacological treatment for wet AMD. Dr. Guyer also was a venture capitalist and Partner at SV Life Sciences and has served on multiple Boards of both public and private companies. Dr. Guyer received his BS from Yale College summa cum laude and his MD 
from the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. He completed his ophthalmology residency at the Wilmer Ophthalmological Institute at Johns Hopkins Hospital and a retinal fellowship at the Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary at Harvard Medical School.

	"AGTC's proprietary AAV platform has tremendous potential to address substantial unmet medical need. I welcome the opportunity to join AGTC's Board of Directors and look forward to working with the company's leadership to realize the full potential of the AAV platform and to improve the care and outcomes for patients," noted Dr. Guyer.

	As Senior Vice President, Head of Global Business Development for Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd since April 2013, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch is responsible for the execution of transactions identified by Teva's R&D, Global Franchises and US Specialty teams, including the licensing and/or acquisition of commercial products, drug candidates and technologies. Prior to Teva, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch served as an executive officer of Dyax Corp. During her twelve-year tenure, she held several senior positions within the company, most recently serving as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. At Dyax, she oversaw successful commercialization of Kalbiter® (ecalantide), the first subcutaneous treatment approved in the U.S. for treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema, a life threatening orphan disease. Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch was also instrumental in establishing 
Dyax's licensing and funded research programs (LFRP) based on its proprietary phase display technology, which has been successfully licensed to over 75 licenses and collaborators and has generated numerous clinical stage candidates and two approved products. Prior to Dyax, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch was Director of Intellectual Property and Patent Counsel for Transkaryotic Therapies, Inc., Cambridge, MA. She received her JD from Suffolk University Law School and her PhD in genetics from Harvard University.

	"AGTC has developed a novel and proprietary AAV manufacturing system that can be broadly applied to developing innovative therapies for genetic eye diseases as well as many conditions that result from single gene mutations," said Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch. " I am pleased to have the opportunity to collaborate with my fellow Directors to ensure that AGTC leverages its products, processes and platforms to create value for both AGTC's shareholders and patients".

	The company also announced that two current members of its Board of Directors, Jill Carroll, a Class II director, and Dr. Sam Wu, a Class I director, have notified the Board of their intentions to rotate off the Board at the company's next Board Meeting, which will take place in July, consistent with policies of the venture investment firms with which they are affiliated.

	"We thank Jill and Sam for their valuable service to AGTC," said Dr. Koenig, "and we look forward to their continued contributions and counsel during their remaining tenure as directors."About AGTC

	AGTC is a clinical-stage biotechnology company that uses its proprietary gene therapy platform to develop products designed to transform the lives of patients with severe inherited orphan diseases in ophthalmology. AGTC's lead product candidates, which are each in the preclinical stage, focus on X-linked retinoschisis, achromatopsia and X-linked retinitis pigmentosa, which are rare diseases of the eye, caused by mutations in single genes, that significantly affect visual function and currently lack effective medical treatments. For additional information visit www.agtc.comForward Looking Statements

	Statements in this press release should be read in conjunction with the Company's registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-193309), as amended, filed with the SEC. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect the Company's plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations, business strategies and operations, preclinical and clinical product development and regulatory progress, financing plans, potential growth opportunities, potential market opportunities and the effects of competition. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as 
"anticipates," "believes," "could," "seeks," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "may," "plans," "potential," "predicts," "projects," "should," "will," "would" or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, forward-looking statements represent management's plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs only as of the date of this release. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future.CONTACT: David Carey

         Lazar Partners Ltd.

         T: (212) 867-1768

         dcarey@lazarpartners.com

         

         Corporate Contact:

         Larry Bullock

         Chief Financial Officer

         Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation

         T: (386) 462-2204

         lbullock@agtc.com









  



Axcella Announces the Appointment of Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, Ph.D., J.D., as Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer | Business Wire
























































Axcella Announces the Appointment of Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, 
      Ph.D., J.D., as Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Corporate 
      Development Officer






May 11, 2017 07:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Axcella, a biotechnology company pioneering transformative amino 
      acid-based therapeutics for a range of severe diseases, announced today 
      that Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, Ph.D., J.D., has joined the company as 
      Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Corporate Development 
      Officer. She comes to Axcella with nearly two decades of senior 
      management experience and will oversee business strategy and 
      development, as well as all corporate legal activities, including 
      intellectual property and commercial planning efforts.
    

      “Axcella’s drug development approach represents a unique opportunity to 
      unlock the full potential of amino acid therapeutics,” said Dr. 
      Magovcevic-Liebisch. “I feel privileged to be part of Axcella’s growing 
      team and look forward to building on its promising science and 
      establishing new complementary partnerships.”
    

      “We are thrilled to welcome Ivana to Axcella’s senior leadership team. 
      She brings an exceptional combination of extensive expertise in business 
      development, drug commercialization, intellectual property and corporate 
      strategy, making her a critical addition to our senior leadership team 
      as we move into late-stage development and commercialization,” added 
      Robert Connelly, President and Chief Executive Officer of Axcella.
    

      Before joining Axcella, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch was Senior Vice 
      President and Head of Global Business Development at Teva Pharmaceutical 
      Industries Ltd., where she led and executed over $5 billion in business 
      development transactions ranging from licensing to the acquisition of 
      drug candidates, commercial products and companies. She previously 
      worked at Dyax Corp. for a dozen years in management roles of increasing 
      scope and responsibility, including Executive Vice President and Chief 
      Operating Officer. While at Dyax, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch established 
      the commercial infrastructure of the company’s first FDA-approved drug, 
      Kalbitor®, for treatment of hereditary angioedema attacks. 
      She began her career as Director of Intellectual Property and Patent 
      Counsel at Transkaryotic Therapies, Inc.
    

      Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch is currently a director on the boards of biotech 
      companies Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation (AGTC) and Alivio 
      Therapeutics. She is also a trustee of the Wentworth Institute of 
      Technology and an overseer of the Boston Ballet, Boston Museum of 
      Science and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. She holds a Ph.D. in 
      Genetics from Harvard University and a J.D. in High Technology law from 
      Suffolk University Law School.
    

About AxcellaAxcella is pioneering revolutionary amino 
      acid-based therapeutics as powerful signaling molecules with broad 
      mechanisms of action applicable to a range of severe diseases. Amino 
      acids critically and uniquely regulate a wealth of essential disease 
      pathways and biologies. Leveraging its unique platform, Axcella seeks to 
      transform the traditional drug discovery process by significantly 
      accelerating the speed of candidate generation to clinical validation 
      within months. The company has translated its discoveries into compounds 
      that have been tested in multiple clinical studies to date, with lead 
      programs in NAFLD/NASH, intractable epilepsies and atrophic diseases, 
      and a rich pipeline of drugs for rare genetic diseases. Axcella was 
      founded by Flagship VentureLabs and has received financing from Flagship 
      Pioneering, alongside co-investors Fidelity Research & Management Group, 
      Gurnet Point Capital and Nestlé Health Science. Axcella is based in 
      Cambridge, Mass. For more information, visit www.axcellahealth.com.
    




Contacts

      Media ContactTen Bridge CommunicationsDan Quinn, 781-475-7974dan@tenbridgecommunications.comorCompany 
      ContactAxcella HealthThomas Leggett, 857-320-2226tleggett@axcellahealth.com
















Release Summary
Axcella announced today that Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, Ph.D., J.D., has joined the company as Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer.






Contacts

      Media ContactTen Bridge CommunicationsDan Quinn, 781-475-7974dan@tenbridgecommunications.comorCompany 
      ContactAxcella HealthThomas Leggett, 857-320-2226tleggett@axcellahealth.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up





















Board of Directors 

















AGTC

YouTube
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter






Board of Directors
Led by the best. 





Scott Koenig
Dr. Koenig has been President and Chief Executive Officer of MacroGenics sinceSeptember 2001.  He is Chairman of the Board of Directors at Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation (AGTC) and at the Children’s Research Institute (CRI) of Children’s National Medical Center, and serves as a Board member of MacroGenics, the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO), Children’s National Medical Center, and is a member of the Cornell University Council.  Prior to joining MacroGenics, he served as Senior Vice President of Research at MedImmune, Inc., where he participated in the selection and maturation of the company's product pipeline for 11 years. From 1984 to 1990, he worked in the Laboratory of Immunoregulation at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) at the National Institutes of Health (NIH), where he investigated the immune response to retroviruses and studied the pathogenesis of AIDS.
Dr. Koenig received his A.B. and Ph.D. from Cornell University and his M.D. from the University of Texas Health Science Center in Houston, where he was elected to Alpha Omega Alpha.  He completed his residency in Internal Medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania and is Board certified in Internal Medicine and Allergy and Immunology.
David Guyer
Dr. Guyer is Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Ophthotech Corporation. He has significant medical, drug development and commercial experience in ophthalmology. Prior to joining Ophthotech, Dr. Guyer worked as a venture capitalist and Partner at SV Life Sciences Following a successful career in academic medicine as Professor and Chairman of the Department of Ophthalmology at New York University School of Medicine, Dr. Guyer co-founded and served as CEO and Director at Eyetech Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where he led the company through private, public and corporate financings over $400 million, including a $157 million IPO offering. He has served on the board of directors for many public and private companies. Dr. Guyer graduated summa cum laude from Yale College, receiving his Bachelor of Science degree, and earned his medical degree from the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. He completed his ophthalmology residency at the Wilmer Ophthalmological Institute at Johns Hopkins Hospital and a retinal fellowship at the Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary at Harvard Medical School.
Ed Hurwitz
Ed is a director with Alta Partners and Managing Director of Precision BioVentures, LLC.  In addition to AGTC, he currently serves on the board of directors of MacroGenics and ViewPoint Therapeutics.  Ed also led Alta’s investments in Avid Radiopharmaceuticals, Calistoga Pharmaceuticals, Cara Therapeutics,  ChemoCentryx, FoldRx Pharmaceuticals, Sunesis Pharmaceuticals, Taligen Therapeutics, Threshold Pharmaceuticals and Zafgen. Prior to joining Alta, Ed served as Senior Vice President and CFO of Affymetrix from 1997 to 2002. From 1994 to 1997, Ed was a biotechnology research analyst for Robertson Stephens & Company, and from 1992 to 1994, was a biotechnology research analyst for Smith Barney Shearson. From 1990 to 1992, Ed practiced commercial law at Cooley Godward LLP.
Ed earned his Juris Doctor and Master of Business Administration degrees in 1990 from the University of California, Berkeley’s Boalt School of Law and Haas School of Business, respectively. Ed earned a Bachelor of Arts in Molecular Biology from Cornell University in 1985.
Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch
Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch joined Teva as senior Vice President, Head of Global Business Development in April 2013. In this capacity, she is responsible for the execution of transactions identified by Teva’s R&D, Global Franchises and US Specialty teams, including the licensing and/or acquisition of commercial products, drug candidates and technologies. Prior to Teva, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch joined Dyax Corp. in April 2001, and had served as an executive officer at the Company since 2005. During her tenure, she held several senior positions within the company, most recently as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to Dyax, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch was Director of Intellectual Property and Patent Counsel for Transkaryotic Therapies, Inc., Cambridge, MA. Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch received her Juris Doctor in High Technology law from Suffolk University Law School, Boston, MA and her Doctor of Philosophy in genetics from Harvard University, Cambridge, MA.
Arnie Oronsky
Dr. Arnold L. Oronsky has been a General Partner at InterWest since 1994. He was formerly Vice President for Discovery Research for the Lederle Laboratories division of American Cyanamid Company where he directed all of the research for new drugs and supervised approximately three hundred employees. Dr. Oronsky holds a Ph.D. in Immunology from Columbia University and has published over 125 scientific articles. In addition to being a Senior Partner at InterWest, he also serves as a Senior Lecturer in the Department of Medicine at Johns Hopkins Medical School. Dr. Oronsky serves as a Director on the Boards of several life science corporations.
Anne VanLent
Anne M. VanLent is currently the President of AMV Advisors, an advisory firm which she founded in 2008 to provide corporate strategy and financial consulting services to emerging growth life sciences companies. She currently serves as a director of and chair of the audit committee of Ocera Therapeutics, Inc., a director, member of the Audit Committee and member of the Compliance Committee of Novelion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (previously Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.),   and as Lead Independent Director and Audit Chair of Aviragen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly Biota), all NASDAQ listed companies.  From May 2002 through April 2008, Ms. VanLent was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Barrier Therapeutics, Inc., a NASDAQ company that developed and marketed prescription dermatology products that was acquired by Stiefel Laboratories in August 2008. From July 1997 to October 2001, she was the Executive Vice President – Portfolio Management for Sarnoff Corporation, a multidisciplinary research and development firm.  From 1985 to 1993, she served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Liposome Company, Inc., a publicly-traded biopharmaceutical company. She served as a director, chair of the audit committee and member of the compensation committee of Onconova Therapeutics from July 2013 to May 2016, and as director of Integra Life Sciences Holding Corporation (NasdaqGS: IART) from 1997 to May 2013 and chaired its audit committee from 2006 until 2012. She also served as a director and chair of the audit committee of Penwest Pharmaceuticals, a NASDAQ-listed company from 1998 through its sale to Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in the fall of 2010.  Ms. VanLent received a B.A. degree in Physics from Mount Holyoke College.
 
James Rosen
Jimmy Rosen is a Partner on Intersouth’s life sciences investment team.  He began with the firm as an intern in 2005 while pursuing his graduate degrees; joined full-time in 2007, and became a Partner in 2009.  Prior to joining Intersouth, he spent 15 years in clinical, research and financial positions in the health care and biotechnology sectors. Jimmy’s research experience includes programs at the Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center at UNC-Chapel Hill, the National Cancer Institute, Duke University Medical Center and its Comprehensive Cancer Center.  He also managed and monitored clinical trials at a privately held contract research organization, which led to FDA-approved products.  Jimmy spent several years as an equity research analyst at Brean Murray & Co., covering biopharmaceuticals, genomics, generics, drug delivery and medical device companies.  Prior to his research and Wall Street functions, he spent five years in Emergency Medical Services as a mountain search & rescue and ambulance medic. Jimmy currently serves on numerous boards and advisory committees, including the Public Health Foundation Board and Dean’s Advisory Council for the Gillings School of Global Public Health at the University of North Carolina, the Board of Visitors for North Carolina Central University, the board of Florida BIO, and the Oversight Committee for the Duke-Coulter Translational Partners Program.  He is also a frequent lecturer at Duke, UNC and NC State University. Jimmy holds a B.A. from Duke University and an M.B.A. from UNC-Chapel Hill’s Kenan-Flagler School of Business where he was a Carolina Venture Fellow and recipient of the Frank Hawkins Kenan Award for Excellence.  He received his M.S.P.H. from the UNC School of Public Health, where his thesis focused on the relationship between technology transfer in biotechnology and venture capital investment.  In 2010 Jimmy was awarded the Eisenhower Fellowship for which he designed and executed a program to evaluate the prospects for health care innovation in China and Southeast Asia.
Sue Washer
An experienced entrepreneur with a strong scientific and operational background, Sue brings a decade of experience in pharmaceutical management and research with Abbott Labs and Eli Lilly & Company and more than 16 years of senior management experience with entrepreneurial firms in Florida including three start-ups. At AGTC, Sue has successfully secured investments of more than $91 million from nationally recognized venture capitalists and granting agencies; negotiated and closed on a major collaboration with a top five Biotech company; lead the company to complete critical milestones; and recruited an experienced management team. Her experience as a group leader with Abbott’s Diagnostic Division helped hone her skills in bringing new products and technologies from the lab bench into the market place.
Sue sits on the board of the University of Florida’s Center for Entrepreneurship, BioFlorida, Southeast BIO, Gainesville Area Chamber of Commerce, Gainesville Area Innovation Network, and the Florida High Tech Corridor Council. She has a degree in biochemistry from Michigan State University and an MBA from the University of Florida where she was one of the first graduates from the Warrington College of Business Entrepreneurship program.





About Us

Our TeamBoard of Directors
Scientific Advisors +

FoundersOphthalmology Scientific Advisory BoardOtology Scientific Advisory Board

Careers and Internships







Contact Us
Alachua – Headquarters
					14193 NW 119th Terrace, Suite #10
					Alachua, Florida 32615
					386.462.2204
Map

Cambridge
					One Kendall Square, 1400W, Suite B14305
					Cambridge, MA 02139
					617.843.5728
Map







Name *



E-mail *



Comments or Questions



Security Code
Please enter the letters from the image below in order to prevent spam. 
 













© Copyright 2017    AGTC  |  
        Social Media Disclaimer











Axcella Announces the Appointment of Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, Ph.D., J.D., as Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer | Axcella Health, Inc




 Skip to main content












Menu 




Search this site 


 






WHAT WE DOWhy Amino AcidsOur PlatformTherapeutic FocusWHO WE ARELeadership TeamBoard of DirectorsAdvisorsInvestorsPRESS RELEASES & EVENTSJOIN USCareer Opportunities





 







 





Axcella Announces the Appointment of Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, Ph.D., J.D., as Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer






CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 11, 2017 – Axcella, a biotechnology company pioneering transformative amino acid-based therapeutics for a range of severe diseases, announced today that Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch, Ph.D., J.D., has joined the company as Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer. She comes to Axcella with nearly two decades of senior management experience and will oversee business strategy and development, as well as all corporate legal activities, including intellectual property and commercial planning efforts.“Axcella’s drug development approach represents a unique opportunity to unlock the full potential of amino acid therapeutics,” said Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch. “I feel privileged to be part of Axcella’s growing team and look forward to building on its promising science and establishing new complementary partnerships.”“We are thrilled to welcome Ivana to Axcella’s senior leadership team. She brings an exceptional combination of extensive expertise in business development, drug commercialization, intellectual property and corporate strategy, making her a critical addition to our senior leadership team as we move into late-stage development and commercialization,” added Robert Connelly, President and Chief Executive Officer of Axcella.Before joining Axcella, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch was Senior Vice President and Head of Global Business Development at Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., where she led and executed over $5 billion in business development transactions ranging from licensing to the acquisition of drug candidates, commercial products and companies. She previously worked at Dyax Corp. for a dozen years in management roles of increasing scope and responsibility, including Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. While at Dyax, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch established the commercial infrastructure of the company’s first FDA-approved drug, Kalbitor®, for treatment of hereditary angioedema attacks. She began her career as Director of Intellectual Property and Patent Counsel at Transkaryotic Therapies, Inc.Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch is currently a director on the boards of biotech companies Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation (AGTC) and Alivio Therapeutics. She is also a trustee of the Wentworth Institute of Technology and an overseer of the Boston Ballet, Boston Museum of Science and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. She holds a Ph.D. in Genetics from Harvard University and a J.D. in High Technology law from Suffolk University Law School.About Axcella Axcella is pioneering revolutionary amino acid-based therapeutics as powerful signaling molecules with broad mechanisms of action applicable to a range of severe diseases. Amino acids critically and uniquely regulate a wealth of essential disease pathways and biologies. Leveraging its unique platform, Axcella seeks to transform the traditional drug discovery process by significantly accelerating the speed of candidate generation to clinical validation within months. The company has translated its discoveries into compounds that have been tested in multiple clinical studies to date, with lead programs in NAFLD/NASH, intractable epilepsies and atrophic diseases, and a rich pipeline of drugs for rare genetic diseases. Axcella was founded by Flagship VentureLabs and has received financing from Flagship Pioneering, alongside co-investors Fidelity Research & Management Group, Gurnet Point Capital and Nestlé Health Science. Axcella is based in Cambridge, Mass. For more information, visit www.axcellahealth.com.













Contact Us

840 Memorial Drive, Cambridge, MA 02139Entrance on Blackstone Street | Third FloorO: 857-320-2200 | F: 617-441-6243info@axcellahealth.com 




LinkedIn





Site MapTerms of UsePrivacy Policy



© 2017 Axcella Health, Inc. All rights reserved.

 
 







