


David Eugene Maher - Barrington, RI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David Eugene Maher in Barrington, RI


David Eugene Maher

                                                                           Intelius found that David Eugene Maher  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Barrington, RI.  We have connected them to
                12 addresses,
                9 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

David Eugene Maher is in his 40s

David Has Lived In

Barrington, RI
Napa, CA
Sloughhouse, CA

David's Relatives

Emily Maher
Audre Manchester
Wuj Maher
William Maher







David Eugene Maher



Zodiac SignAquarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President Sales at Acushnet Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David Eugene Maher
Get a Criminal Check on David Eugene Maher
Get a Public Record Report on David Eugene Maher
Get a People Search Report on David Eugene Maher


David Eugene Maher's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David Eugene Maher has lived as well as David Eugene Maher's phone numbers and email addresses.




David Eugene Maher Has Lived in 3 States
Rhode Island Address for David Eugene Maher


340 R******* R* 

Barrington, RI


Has Lived In

Barrington, RI
Napa, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David Eugene Maher

(508) ***-**** - Westport, MA 
(401) ***-**** - Barrington, RI 
(508) ***-**** - Fair Haven, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David Eugene Maher

d*********r@***.com
d*d@***..us
d*********r@***.com


Get Email Report




David Eugene Maher's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about David Eugene Maher's academic history.  Find out which schools David Eugene Maher attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees David Eugene Maher received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David Eugene Maher Has Attended 3 Schools
Babson College 1986 – 1990               David Eugene Maher has a Bs in Business               
Babson College               1986 – 1990               David Eugene Maher has a Bs, Business in Business               
Wellesley College               1983 – 1986                              


David Eugene Maher's Professional Information
Information regarding David Eugene Maher's professional history.  Find out previous places David Eugene Maher has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David Eugene Maher Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Acushnet Company
               Title: Vice President Sales
Company: Acushnet Company
               Title: Principal
David Eugene Maher's Experience
Title: Vice President Sales
               Company: Acushnet Company
Job Details

Title: Principal
               Company: Acushnet Company
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Additional Professional Information on David Eugene Maher

 See David Eugene Maher's LinkedIn Profile



David Eugene Maher's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David Eugene Maher


David Eugene Maher's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David Eugene Maher's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Maher
Username Matches

                  DavidMaher
                  MaherDavid
                  David.Maher
                  Maher.David
                  David_Maher
                  Maher_David
                  David-Maher
                  Maher-David
                  DMaher
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Maher







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











    David Maher | Acushnet Company | ZoomInfo.com


MAHER DAVID EUGENE Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MAHER DAVID EUGENE
                    

•   FAIRHAVEN, MA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Maher David Eugene is based out of Fairhaven.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MAHER DAVID EUGENE, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




maher david eugene


C/O ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP.

FAIRHAVEN
MA
                                                        
                                                    02719









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 11/03/2016
3 filed on 10/28/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Maher David Eugene SEC Filings





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Maher David Eugene


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Maher David Eugene.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (2)
Maher David Eugene SEC Filings


Filings


Filing dateFormDescriptionQuarterYear
 2016-11-03442016view 2016-10-28342016view

    Page:  
     1 





Form 10-K
A 10-K is a comprehensive summary report of a company's performance that must be submitted annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Typically, the 10-K contains much more detail than the annual report. It includes information such as company history, organizational structure, equity, holdings, earnings per share, subsidiaries, etc. 

The 10-K must be filed within 60 days (it used to be 90 days) after the end of the fiscal year.
Form 10-K/A
Amended Form 10-K
Form 10-Q
The SEC form 10-Q is a comprehensive report of a company's performance that must be submitted quarterly by all public companies to the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the 10-Q, firms are required to disclose relevant information regarding their financial position. The form must be submitted on time, and the information should be available to all interested parties. 

The 10-Q is due 35 days (it used to be 45 days) after each of the first three fiscal quarters. There is no filing after the fourth quarter because that is when the 10-K is filed.
Form 10-Q/A
Amended Form 10-Q
Form 3
A document that must be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) by an insider affiliated with a public company's operation or by any investor owning 10% or more of the company's outstanding shares

This document must be filed with the SEC no later than 10 days after an insider becomes affiliated with a company, and it must be filed for each company in which a person is an insider, regardless of whether or not the insider has an equity position in the company at that time.
Form 3/A
Amended Form 3
Form 4
A Form 4 is a document that must be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) whenever there is a material change in the holdings of company insiders. Insiders required to submit a Form 4 include directors and officers of the company as well as any shareholders owning 10% or more of the company's outstanding stock.

This two-page document covers any buy-and-sell orders on the open market as well as the exercise of company stock options. A Form 4 is mandatory within two business days starting from the end of the day the material transaction occurred. This filing is related to Form 3 and the Form 5, which also cover changes to the company insider holdings.
Form 4/A
Amended Form 4
Form 5
The annual statement of beneficial ownership of securities.
Form 5/A
Amended Form 5
Form 8-K
An 8-K is a report of unscheduled material events or corporate changes at a company that could be of importance to the shareholders or the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Examples of events reported on an 8-K include acquisition, bankruptcy, resignation of directors, or a change in the fiscal year. Also known as Form 8k.
Form D
A filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) required for companies that are selling securities in reliance on a Regulation D exemption or Section 4(6) exemption provisions. 

Form D is a brief notice of a company's executive officers and stock promoters, in lieu of the regular reports required when no exemption under Regulation D exists. 

Form D must be filed no later than 15 days after the first sale of securities.

Form D is also known as the Notice of Sale of Securities and is a requirement under Regulation D, Section 4(6) and/or the Uniform Limited Offering Exemption of the Securities Exchange Act of 1933. 

This act, often referred to as the "truth in securities" law, requires that these registration forms, providing essential facts, are filed to disclose important information upon registration of a company's securities. This helps the SEC achieve the objectives of this act - requiring investors to receive significant information regarding securities offered and prohibiting fraud in the sale of the offered securities.
Form D/A
Amended Form D
Form DEF 14A
A filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that must be filed by or on behalf of a registrant when a shareholder vote is required. SEC Form DEF 14A is most commonly used in conjunction with an annual meeting proxy. The form should provide security holders with sufficient information to allow them to make an informed vote at an upcoming security holders' meeting or to authorize a proxy to vote on their behalf. It includes information about the date, time and place of the meeting of security holders; revocability of proxy; dissenter's right of appraisal; persons making the solicitation; direct or indirect interest of certain persons in matters to be acted upon; modification or exchange of securities; financial statements; voting procedures; and other details. 

All other filed by non-management definitive proxy statements - typically an annual meeting proxy.

Form DEF 14A, which is also known as "definitive proxy statement", is required under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This form is filed with the SEC when a definitive proxy statement is given to shareholders and helps the SEC ensure that shareholders' rights are upheld.
Form S-1
The SEC form S-1 is the initial registration form for new securities required by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for public companies. Any security that meets the criteria must have an S-1 filing before shares can be listed on a national exchange. 

Form S-1 requires companies to provide information on the planned use of capital proceeds, detail the current business model and competition, as well provide a a brief prospectus of the planned security itself, offering price methodology, and any dilution that will occur to other listed securities. The SEC also requires the disclosure of any material business dealings between the company and its directors and outside counsel. 

Form S-1 is also known as the "Registration Statement Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933". 

Investors can view S-1 filings online to perform due diligence on new offerings prior to their issue. The form is sometimes amended as material information changes or general market conditions cause a delay in the offering. 

The Securities Exchange Act of 1933, often referred to as the "truth in securities" law, requires that these registration forms are filed to disclose important information upon registration of a company's securities. This helps the SEC achieve the objectives of this act, which is requiring investors to receive significant information regarding securities offered, and to prohibit fraud in the sale of the offered securities. 

A less rigid registration form is the S-3, which is for companies that don't have the same ongoing reporting requirements.
















 












Acushnet Holdings Corp (GOLF) COO Maher David Eugene's Insider Stock Buys and Sells 



























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾

Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾

Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 





















SummaryCanadian Dutch CEO Buys CFO Buys Insider Cluster Buys Double Buys Triple Buys Data Export Trend  




Saved!




USA

Canada

UK/Ireland

Europe

Asia

Oceania

Latin America

Africa



Currently Selected:



Show All Countries ▾





Purchase to select this region

Purchase $399
USA

OTCPK
NAS
NYSE
ARCA
OTCBB
AMEX
BATS




Purchase to select this region

Purchase $289
Canada

TSXV
TSX
XCNQ




Purchase to select this region

Purchase $269
UK/Ireland

UK




Purchase to select this region

Purchase $399
Europe

Germany
France
Poland
Russia
Sweden
Turkey
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Italy
Luxembourg
Switzerland


Belgium
Greece
Norway
Spain
Denmark
Bulgaria
Netherlands
Romania
Finland
Serbia
Austria
Croatia
Portugal
Slovakia
Cyprus
Macedonia
Slovenia
Ukraine
Hungary
Lithuania
Latvia
Malta
Iceland
Estonia
Czech Republic

All Countries ▾



Purchase to select this region

Purchase $399
Asia

India
Japan
Korea
Thailand
Hongkong
China
Taiwan
Malaysia
Singapore
Israel


Indonesia
Pakistan
Vietnam
Philippines
Sri Lanka
Kuwait
Nepal
Saudi
Jordan
Oman
Iran
Iraq
United Arab Emirates
Kazakhstan
Bahrain

All Countries ▾



Purchase to select this region

Purchase $269
Oceania

Australia
New zealand




Purchase to select this region

Purchase $299
Latin America

Brazil
Mexico
Argentina
Chile
Peru
Columbia
Jamaica
Venezuela
Ecuador




Purchase to select this region

Purchase $249
Africa

South Africa
Egypt
Nigeria
Mauritius
Morocco
Zimbabwe
Kenya
Tunisia
Ghana
Côte d'Ivoire




 Set As Default







Insider Trades


Try Insider Screener



Acushnet Holdings Corp (GOLF) COO Maher David Eugene's Insider Stock Buys and SellsTo find out why GuruFocus thinks data on insider trades is interesting, read

Can Aggregated Insider Trading Activities Predict the Market?
Stocks That Both Gurus and Insiders Are Buying
Can Aggregated Insider Trading Activities Predict the Market of Different Sectors?




Filter by:



  Default





Search Insider Trade:




Go




Select to drill down:


All Market CapMicro Cap Small Cap Mid Cap Large Cap Mega Cap S&P 500 Companies All SectorsBasic Materials Consumer Cyclical Financial Services Real Estate Consumer Defensive Healthcare Utilities Communication Services Energy Industrials Technology   Display Those with At Least
100 500 1,000 2,000 5,000 10,000 20,000 50,000 100,000  Shares Display Stocks That are within Please Select 1% 
2% 
3% 
4% 
5% 
8% 
10% 
 of Please Select 52-Week Low3-Year Low5-Year LowReal time insider type:BuySellInsider Sentiment Chart 


 Recent Filings Activity
 

Total Records: 1138035   Page:1  2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   10   LAST (37935) 30 per page ▾ 10 20 2530 50 100



Symbol
Company
Insider
Position
Date
Buy/Sell
Shares
Trade Price ($)
Cost ($1000)
Price ChangeSince Trade (%)
Yield (%)
P/E
Market Cap ($M)
Details

GOLFAcushnet Holdin...Maher David EugeneCOO2016-11-02Buy500$178.510.18
0.6413.191394.486 Link
Total Records: 1138035   Page:1  2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   10   LAST (37935) 30 per page ▾ 10 20 2530 50 100Add this list into my watchlist/portfolio:

1. Add or remove tickers (Comma separated, up to 500 symbols)
GOLF





2. Select destination portfolioYou need to log in to proceed
3. Click the button to finish
 


Related News and Stories: G: comment on G 12-11-2016G: xiQ Announces Genpact Has Deployed Its Watson-Powered Market Intelligence Platform 05-11-2016G: Genpact Ltd. (G) CFO Mohit Bhatia sells 37,326 Shares 03-13-2013G: Genpact Ltd. (G) President and CEO N. V. Tyagarajan sells 106,800 Shares 03-07-2013G: Genpact Ltd. (G) President and CEO N. V. Tyagarajan sells 205,231 Shares 12-18-2012G: Assicurazioni Generali (G) CFO Mohit Bhatia sells 34,933 Shares 12-05-2012G: Genpact Ltd. (G) President and CEO N. V. Tyagarajan sells 47,588 Shares 11-26-2012G: Genpact Ltd. Reports Operating Results (10-Q) 08-09-2012G: Genpact Ltd. Reports Operating Results (10-Q) 05-10-2012G: Genpact Ltd. Reports Operating Results (10-K) 02-29-2012G: Genpact Ltd. Reports Operating Results (10-Q) 11-09-2011G: Genpact Ltd. (G) President, CEO, Director Pramod Bhasin sells 80,000 Shares 12-15-2010G: Genpact Ltd. (G) President, CEO, Director Pramod Bhasin sells 80,000 Shares 12-07-2010G: Genpact Ltd. (G) President, CEO, Director Pramod Bhasin sells 5,152 Shares 12-03-2010G: Genpact Ltd. (G) President, CEO, Director Pramod Bhasin sells 143,126 Shares 12-01-2010 Only the transactions in Open Market or Private Sale at the market prices are included. Other transactions such as conversion of derivative security or exercise of options are not included. Insiders are limited to only officers and/or directors of the company. 


 



Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK
















Stock Screener - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets open in 59 mins.S&P Futures2,478.25+4.25 (+0.17%)Dow Futures21,630.00+70.00 (+0.32%)Insider TransactionsDefault CriteriaInsider & Restricted Shareholder Transactions1-2 of 2 resultsResults were generated a few mins ago. Pricing data is updated frequently. Currency in USDSymbolDateSharesProceedsTransaction DetailsGOLF2016-11-01500$8,500.00Purchase at $17.00 per share.GOLF2016-10-27N/AN/AStatement of OwnershipHere's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderCalifornia Approves Cheaper WindowsModernizeSponsoredMotorola's Moto Z2 Force is a smartphone guaranteed not to shatterYahoo FinanceYahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)













Maher Products (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Maher Products, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Maher Products

Maher Products imports from Hefei Hengxin Environmental in China through the port of Tacoma, Washington        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Maher Products and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 PING INC.
 FAMILY DOLLAR STORES,INC.
 STARBUCKS COFFEE SEATTLE
 NINTENDO OF AMERICA INC.
 BOEING SUPPORT SERVICES
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Maher Products
Maher Products imports from Hefei Hengxin Environmental in China through the port of Tacoma, Washington


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



HEFEI HENGXIN ENVIRONMENTAL
SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY CO LTD NO 36 SHUANGFENG ROAD SHUANGFENG INDUSTRIAL PARK HEFEI CHINA HEFEI CN


MAHER PRODUCTS
355 RAYETTE ROAD UNIT 6 CONCORD ON L4K 2G2 CONCORD ONL4K 2G2 CA



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



-NOT AVAILABLE
-NOT AVAILABLE



PAPER CUP H.S.CODE 4823699000 LIDS H.S.CODE 3923500000
PAPER CUP H.S.CODE 4823699000 LIDS H.S.CODE 3923500000





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



ZIMUSNH3882152


ZCSU6533291
ZCSU6533291


Product Description




PAPER CUP H.S.CODE 4823699000 LIDS H.S.CODE 3923500000
PAPER CUP H.S.CODE 4823699000 LIDS H.S.CODE 3923500000









Bill of LadingKLNLSSHAA0084224Arrival Date2017-07-11Weight (LB)18,632Weight (KG)8,469UnitsXQuantity875 CTNContainer Count1CBM67Voyage No.072EPort of LoadingSHANGHAIPort of DischargeTACOMA, WASHINGTONVessel NameHYUNDAI GRACECarrier CodeKLNLCountry Of OriginChinaPlace Of ReceiptSHANGHAI OFFICE 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Maher Products. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Maher Products has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Maher Products







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Maher Products
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Hengda Jewerly Co., Ltd                                



                                    Asi Architectural Stone Import Inc                                



                                    Weaser Usa C/o Royal Brass &                                



                                    Resikem S.a.                                



                                    Foshan Real Import & Export Co., Lt                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3467
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















