




    Sean O'Mahoney | Rich Products Corporation | ZoomInfo.com








Sean O. Mahoney - Board of Directors | Arconic



























Arconic
close









close






Global Locations
Australia
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
China
Czech Republic
France
Germany
Hungary
India
Japan
Mexico
Morocco
Netherlands
Russia
Singapore
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
United Kingdom
United States

close


close











Investors
 . . . 
Corporate Governance
Leadership 

CEO / CFO Certifications
Leadership
Committees
Governance and Policies

Meet Our Directors 

Meet Our Directors
Officers and Asst. Officers
Executive Leadership Team
BU Leaders

Bios 

Independence
Bios
Lead Director

Sean O. Mahoney







Sean O. Mahoney





Director Since: 2016
Age: 54
Committees: Audit Committee; Finance Committee (Chair)
Other Current Public Directorships: Delphi Automotive plc and Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc.
Career Highlights and Qualifications: Mr. Mahoney has extensive experience in capital markets and business strategy across a wide variety of companies and sectors, including industrial and automotive. He is a private investor with over two decades of experience in investment banking and finance. Mr. Mahoney spent 17 years in investment banking at Goldman, Sachs & Co., where he was a partner and head of the Financial Sponsors Group, followed by four years at Deutsche Bank Securities, where he served as Vice Chairman, Global Banking.
Other Current Affiliations: In addition to his public company board memberships, Mr. Mahoney has served on the post-bankruptcy board of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. since 2012, and the board of Formula One Holdings since 2014. He also serves on the Development Committee for the Rhodes Trust, an educational charity whose principal activity is to support the international selection of Rhodes Scholars for study at Oxford University in England (which Mr. Mahoney attended as a Rhodes Scholar from 1984 through 1987).
Attributes and Skills: Mr. Mahoney has advised a broad range of companies on business, financial and value-creation strategy. He has served as senior advisor on a range of major equity, debt and M&A projects during his career. Mr. Mahoney’s proven business and investment acumen brings valuable insight and perspectives to the Board.












close
























Sean O. Mahoney - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Sean O. Mahoney
Board Member at Delphi Automotive PLC


View Full Profile
Are you Sean O. Mahoney? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Sean O. Mahoney's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Sean O. Mahoney's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Sean O. Mahoney's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Sean O. Mahoney through your network of contacts.
												








Sean O. Mahoney's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Delphi Automotive PLC


Board Member, 
Arconic Inc.


Past
To view Sean O. Mahoney's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
54

 
 


Sean O. Mahoney's Biography



Mr. Mahoney has been a director of the Company since May 2015 and currently serves as a member of the audit committee of the Board of Directors (the "Audit Committee"). Mr. Mahoney is a private investor with over two decades of experience in investment banking and finance. In addition, Mr. Mahoney has served as a consultant to Silver Point Capital since August 2013. Mr. Mahoney spent 17 years in investment banking at Goldman, Sachs & Co., where he was a partner and the head of the Financial Sponsors Group, followed by four years at Deutsche Bank Securities where he served as vice chairman, global banking. During his banking career, Mr. Mahone ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Mahoney has been a director of the Company since May 2015 and currently serves as a member of the audit committee of the Board of Directors (the "Audit Committee"). Mr. Mahoney is a private investor with over two decades of experience in investment banking and finance. In addition, Mr. Mahoney has served as a consultant to Silver Point Capital since August 2013. Mr. Mahoney spent 17 years in investment banking at Goldman, Sachs & Co., where he was a partner and the head of the Financial Sponsors Group, followed by four years at Deutsche Bank Securities where he served as vice chairman, global banking. During his banking career, Mr. Mahoney acted as an advisor to companies across a broad range of industries and product areas. In addition to his public company board memberships, Mr. Mahoney has served on the post-bankruptcy board of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. since 2012 and on the board of Formula One Holdings since 2014. He earned his graduate degree from Oxford University, where he was a Rhodes Scholar, and his undergraduate degree from the University of Chicago.
 
Qualifications: Mr. Mahoney has a depth of expertise in capital markets and business strategy across a wide variety of companies and sectors, including industrial and automotive. He also has extensive experience in structuring and executing financing transactions, and mergers and acquisitions.
 
Other Current Public Directorships: Delphi Automotive PLC and Arconic Inc.
 
Former Public Directorships (past 5 years): Alcoa Inc.
		
Source: Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. on 03/13/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Sean O. Mahoney's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Sean O. Mahoney. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Sean O. Mahoney's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Sean O. Mahoney's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Sean O. Mahoney through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Sean O. Mahoney


















Sean O. Mahoney's Connections (134)





Sign up now to view Sean O. Mahoney's 134 connections »









E. Stanley O'Neal
Board Member, Arconic Inc.









Gary L. Cowger
Board Member, Delphi Automotive PLC









Julie A. Caponi
Board Member, First Commonwealth Financial Corporation









Bernd Wiedemann
Board Member, Delphi Automotive PLC









Rajiv L. Gupta
Chairman of the Board, Delphi Automotive PLC









Thomas W. Sidlik
Board Member, Delphi Automotive PLC









Raymond J. Kilmer
Board Member, The ExOne Company









Nicholas M. Donofrio
Board Member, The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation









Tomas M. Sigurdsson
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Alcoa Corporation









Stephen A. Van Oss
Former Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, WESCO International, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993














需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017







Emily Ackin and Sean O'Mahoney's Wedding Website







MenuEmily and Sean   July 10, 2016    • Philadelphia, PA381 days agoOur StoryHow it all started...This story begins with an East Coast boy and a Midwestern girl. Sean grew up in Newtown, Connecticut. He loved exploring new areas – from Italy to DC. Eventually his path led him to law school in Rhode Island. Meanwhile, Emily moved away from her beloved hometown of Kansas City, Missouri to start a big, exciting college adventure in Philadelphia. By summer and fall of 2012, both Sean and Emily had found themselves in the suburbs of Philly. Sean had gotten a job offer and, although he didn't know the first thing about the Philadelphia area, he found a place to call home in West Chester and began his life as an attorney. Emily moved to the suburbs to start building her career as a dance teacher. She didn't know much about the area outside of Philadelphia itself, but it was the beginning of a new chapter…just her and her dog sharing an apartment in a cute little suburban neighborhood. By the spring of 2013, both Sean and Emily had taken a leap of faith into the world of online dating. Emily, although leery at first, ended up fully embracing the concept. She had several first dates set up and looked forward to getting to meet some different people. The situation was strange, fun, and overwhelming all in one for her. After a few nice experiences, she still had one final "first date" set to go on and seriously considered canceling it. She wondered if she should just focus on who she had already met, and she certainly didn't want to waste this last person's time. But curiosity got the best of her and she knew she'd always wonder about this last guy, Sean, if she didn't go out with him. Just like all wonderful, cliché stories, there was truly a spark the moment Emily and Sean locked eyes on that April evening. Dinner at one restaurant was followed by dessert at another, and the night had endless laughs and great conversation. It sure didn't take long during that first date for Emily to realize that Sean was sweeping the competition! Only a couple more dates went by, full of the same joy and connection, before the two became "official." They've been inseparable ever since!The ProposalThe surprise proposal that Sean planned began on an otherwise normal Thursday evening...When Emily, (a dance teacher), walked into the studio for work, she found a substitute teacher in her room and everyone from the office ready to greet her! Emily was still trying to make sense of everything when she was given instructions to go to the limo outside in the parking lot. Her dancers watched in excitement as she got into the limo to start her surprise adventure. Inside the limo, she found a pretty box full of goodies Sean knew she would want or need. (Things like tissues and waterproof mascara!) There was also a notecard from Sean and a photomontage DVD of their relationship with songs they love. She hit "play" and the limo drove off...The first stop was the restaurant from their very first date! The manager at the restaurant was waiting for Emily's arrival. He had wine & a bite to eat all ready for her along with a notecard from Sean at the table. Afterwards, she was back in the limo anxious to see what her second stop would be. It was just a few blocks down…the restaurant they had gone to for dessert on their first date. And here was some of that same dessert waiting for her at the very table they had been sitting at that night. Emily enjoyed reading a new meaningful notecard from Sean. For the third stop, the limo surprised her by driving home. Inside the house, their dog, Twinkie, came running up to Emily in none other than a Flower Girl dress! Emily was laughing and melting on the floor from Twinkie's cuteness when Sean's sister, Caitlin, came around the corner and surprised her! Caitlin was happy to take care of Twinkie for the night, and she handed Emily her next notecard from Sean. Now the instructions were to change clothes and pack an overnight bag. The adventure continues...Emily was in for a longer ride to the fourth stop. All the way into downtown Philadelphia! She didn't know it, but there were two more stops with two more meaningful notecards ahead of her. The limo pulled up in front of one of Sean & Emily's favorite Philly date night restaurants. Here they had made her favorite lobster mashed potatoes for her even though it wasn't on the menu anymore. Such a treat! The fifth stop was a much-loved chocolate restaurant. The host inside the restaurant apologetically told Emily that they didn't have room to seat her at a table, but they had something to bring her if she wouldn't mind standing off to the side. Sneaky Sean! It took Emily a few minutes to realize it, but this was on purpose to represent when the two of them couldn't get a table here on their third date!Emily wondered where the limo would go next and started hoping maybe she would get to see Sean at the following stop. She never expected the limo to pull up at the back entrance of Elfreth's Alley – one of her favorite picturesque spots to visit in Philly. It's the country's oldest residential neighborhood that's been constantly inhabited since it was built. The next thing she knew, the limo driver opened the door and said, "Follow the lights." She started walking along the lit pathway of luminaries that had been setup and rounded the corner... There was Sean! As Emily got closer, they held hands and Sean spoke from the heart. With the excitement and nerves, neither one of them can even remember what exactly he said! But then he got down on one knee and asked the big question. Emily, of course, said YES!!They headed back to the room Sean had reserved for them at the nearby beautiful Hotel Monaco. Sean had secretly requested off work for Emily so they could enjoy the next day together. It was a lovely morning of room service breakfast and watching the March snowfall. After driving back home, Emily was totally blown away by a Bride-To-Be Basket full of bridal magazines, wedding planning notebooks, wedding-themed movies, and chocolate! Sean had ONE last huge surprise up his sleeve… He flew Emily's mom in from Missouri so that they could be together for the rest of the weekend! With both her mom and her future sister-in-law by her side, it was the perfect weekend of diving into bridal magazines, getting nails done, talking, and relaxing. Emily absolutely felt like the luckiest girl in the world!! The WeddingSunday, July 10, 20165:00 PMAttire: FORMAL (Clarification: Formal, but not "Black Tie" - no tux necessary)Ceremony and ReceptionThe Down Town Club600 Chestnut St, Philadelphia, PA 19106Complimentary valet parking available for those driving to the Down Town Club. We can't wait to see you there!!Other EventsIrish WelcomeSaturday, July 9, 20168:00 PMThe Plough & the Stars123 Chestnut Street, Enter On N 2nd St, Philadelphia, PA 19106Join us for an Irish Welcome before the big day! Drinks and light fare will be served. Stop by to join the hooley any time from 8-10pm. Hosted by Kevin and Jane O'Mahoney. Kindly RSVP on your Response Card.Wedding PartyJulie Bierschenk - Maid of Honor~ University of the Arts ~ Julie & Emily were college roommates for two fun years. They were there for each other through so much, and Emily cannnot even begin to imagine her college experience without Julie!! She is now a graphic designer in Chicago. Kelly Stover - Maid of Honor ~ Childhood Friend ~ Kelly & Emily go way back to 7th grade…they've been best friends ever since then! Between all the school classes, sleepovers, and trips over the years, they've seen each other through a lot! Kelly is a 1st grade teacher in the Kansas City, Missouri area. Caitlin O'Mahoney - Bridesmaid~ Sean's sister ~ Emily couldn't be happier to be gaining a sister and new best friend! Sean and Caitlin have always been close…their 9-year age gap never phased them! Caitlin is a recent graduate from Dickinson College and lives in the O'Mahoney's hometown of Newtown, Connecticut. Paige Holliday - Bridesmaid ~ University of the Arts ~ Paige & Emily were both Dance majors and had the time of their lives living together the summer after college graduation. Paige is a dancer and 7th grade teacher in NYC. Jenna Mazanowski - Bridesmaid~ University of the Arts ~ Jenna & Emily were both Dance majors and met up every week as upper classmen whether it was a night out or chill Sunday studying – with Julie, too! Jenna is a fitness instructor and dance teacher in the Hamptons. Lindsey Levasseur - Bridesmaid~ University of the Arts ~ Lindsey & Emily were in the Dance Education program together. They have fun memories from mini road trips venturing outside of Philly and supporting each other through their senior year projects. Lindsey is a dance teacher in Winslow, Maine. Twinkie - Flower GirlEmily and Sean couldn't be happier to have their 14-year-old "baby girl" as part of the wedding day! Twinkie has been by Emily's side since 7th grade...lots of adventures between middle school and marriage! Emily and Twinkie certainly came as a package deal. Fortunately, Sean got Twinkie's approval and Twinkie won Sean's heart.Jason Tanenbaum - Best Man ~ Dickinson College ~ Jason & Sean met each other on their first day of college. They immediately became great friends and later roommates. They've continued to stay close and now also have a bond of being each other's Best Man. Jason and his wife, Pam, recently welcomed their first child – baby girl Lily. Jason is finishing up his doctorate in neuropsychology and lives in Newtown, PA. Andrew Gardner - Groomsman ~ Dickinson College ~ From trips to the Carlisle Diner freshman year to hosting parties senior year, Andrew & Sean had great times and saw each other through a lot during college. Now they're both getting married within a few months of each other! Andrew is an Insurance Management Associate in Columbus, OH. Allen Castner - Groomsman ~ Dickinson College ~ Some of Sean's favorite memories with Allen involve weekends watching movies all night followed by Chinese food when they woke up...at 2pm. Allen and his wife Allie have an adorable toddler, Nate. Allen is a Financial Consultant and lives in Mendham, NJ. Michael (Moose) Musso - Groomsman ~ Dickinson College ~ Moose & Sean were in many of the same college groups and societies together and consider themselves expert ghost-hunters. Moose and his wife, Jody, just had their first child – baby girl Mara. Moose is a doctor in Massillon, OH. Zak Morey - Groomsman ~ Roger Williams University School of Law ~ Zak & Sean have had lots of great times together in both law school and since then while living in Pennsylvania. Zak is an attorney in the Reading, PA area. Tim Grimes - Groomsman ~ Roger Williams University School of Law ~ Tim & Sean had many fun times together, including one impromptu epic birthday weekend that went 60 hours straight. Tim is an attorney in Boston. Thanks, we've received your .Schedule Your Reminder.Sign up below and we'll remind you a month before the wedding to check back for all the details you need to know.Please enter a valid email address.Remind MeWebsite created on The Knot. Designed by Wedding Paper Divas.









Sean Omahoney Phone Number | Sean Omahoney Address  | PeopleSmart





































PEOPLE
PHONE
EMAIL
ADDRESS















Find:







Location:






 Search


		Advanced Search
		




 






















18-25
26-39
40-49
50-59
60+











Nationwide
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming







 
Search


		Basic Search
			





Phone:







 Search



Email:







 Search



Street:







City, State:






 Search







Sign In
Plans & Pricing





Sign In


Plans & Pricing


About


Blog


Help









 Sean Omahoney
 Find Contact Information, Public Records, and Much More.

				Showing 1 – 20 of 22 Results
			




					Name
				

					Age
				

					Locations
				

					Possible Relations
				

					Complete Details
				






Top States
						






Alaska


California


Colorado


Georgia


Idaho


Illinois


Kentucky


Louisiana


New Jersey


New York


Pennsylvania


Texas


Washington



Show More Hide States












Sean F Omahoney

Sean Frederick Omahony
Sean Fredrick Omahony
Sean O Omahony
Shawn Omahony



Late 40s

Why is age approximate?



				We show an approximate age to help you find the right person. As part of our commitment to privacy we protect people’s exact ages and birth dates.
			


Hide


 




Location

Plano, TX
Dallas, TX
Allen, TX



Relatives


Marilyn J Mahony


Neal Anthony Omahony


Patrick John Omahony Sr


Stacey Leigh Varnado








That's The One











Sean Omahoney

Sean 0 Mahoney
Sean Owen Mahoney



Mid 50s




Location

New York, NY
Manhattan, NY



Relatives


Lenore D Mahoney








That's The One

















Sean Michael Omahoney

Sean Mr Omahoney
Sean Mahoney
Sean M O Mahoney



Mid 40s




Location

Louisville, KY



Relatives


Michelle Mayes Durrett


Claudia E Lauber


Amanda Jo Omahoney


Brittany Omahoney


James Timothy Omahoney








That's The One











Sean A Omahoney

Sean A Mahoney



Early 40s




Location

Hauppauge, NY
Smithtown, NY
Uniondale, NY
Freeport, NY



Relatives


Alexandra A Binder


Adrena M Brown


Margaret M Lowe


Annette M Mahoney


Claudette E Mahoney








That's The One











Sean F Omahoney

Sean F Mahoney



Early 40s




Location

Brick, NJ
Marshfield, MA
Pembroke, MA
Blackwood, NJ
Gloucester City, NJ



Relatives


Debra A Gelnaw


Barbara Ann Omahoney


John F Omahoney


Nora M Omahoney








That's The One











Sean Doll Omahoney

Sean K Omahoney
Sean K Doll
Sean Doll O Mahoney
Sean Dollomahoney



Mid 30s




Location

Vashon, WA
Seattle, WA
Cambridge, MA
Devon, PA



Relatives


Rachel G Doll


Anne C Omahoney


James Richard Omahoney


Kathleen Omahoney


Marjorie K Omahoney








That's The One











Sean P Omahoney

S Omahoney
Seam Omahoney



Late 30s




Location

Wardner, ID
Edmonds, WA
Kellogg, ID
Sun City, CA
Post Falls, ID



Relatives


Shannon Marie Guindon


Suzanne M Mahoney


Shelly Dawn Mcneil


Connor D Omahoney


Janelle C Omahoney








That's The One











Sean Joseph Omahoney




Mid 20s




Location

Mandeville, LA
Fort Collins, CO
Englewood, CO



Relatives


Brian Joseph Omahoney


Danielle Elisabeth Omahoney


Kelly Omahoney


Laurence O Omahoney


Michael J Omahoney








That's The One











Sean Omahoney

Sean O Mahoney
Sean Paul Mahoney



Mid 30s




Location

Hampton, GA
Anchorage, AK
Douglasville, GA
Winston, GA
Jber, AK



Relatives


Linda Jean Ivins


Dennis P Mahoney


Francis Steven Mahoney


Janice L Mahoney


Jeffrey Scott Mahoney








That's The One











Sean Patrick Omahoney




Early 30s




Location

West Chester, PA
Newport, RI
Newtown, CT



Relatives


Jane M Omahoney


Kevin P Omahoney


Michael S Omahoney


William Patrick Omahoney








That's The One











Sean P Omahoney




Early 20s




Location

Coram, NY



Relatives


Carla M Omahoney


John P Omahoney III


Lauren J Omahoney








That's The One











Sean M Omahoney

Sean Mahoney



Early 30s




Location

Marietta, GA



Relatives


Elizabeth J Omahoney


Mark S Omahoney


Mark Brandon Omahoney


Mark B Omahoney Jr


Ryan Patrick Omahoney








That's The One











Sean M Omahoney

Sean Mahony
Sean M Omahony
Michael Sean Omahony
M Osean



Early 50s




Location

Rocky Face, GA
Dalton, GA
Atlanta, GA



Relatives


Rebecca W Omahony


Maureen A Rogers








That's The One











Sean Omahoney

Sean Patrick Omahony
Shawn Omahony
C Omahony
Cean Omahony



Early 50s




Location

New Orleans, LA
Alexandria, VA
Jefferson, LA



Relatives


Teresa Marie Devin


Chamain C Omahony


Julia Bichara Omahony


Oliver G Omahony








That's The One











Shawn O Omahoney

Shawn O Mahoney



Early 50s




Location

Philadelphia, PA



Relatives


Michelle L Johnson


Patricia H Mclaughlin


Charles L Omahoney Sr


Daniel P Omahoney


Joan M Omahoney








That's The One











Sean Omahoney

Sean Bruce Omahony
S Omahony
Sea B Omahony
B Omahony Sean



Mid 50s




Location

Arroyo Grande, CA
Colfax, CA
Weimar, CA
Carmichael, CA
Waimanalo, HI



Relatives


Maureen C Morgan


Brendan D Omahony


Janet M Omahony


Karin Marie Omahony


Kevin M Omahony








That's The One











Sean Joseph Omahoney




Mid 20s




Location

Fort Collins, CO
Mandeville, LA







That's The One











Sean F Omahoney




Early 40s




Location

Philadelphia, PA







That's The One











Sean Omahoney




Mid 50s




Location

Evanston, IL







That's The One











Sean Omahoney




N/A




Location

Dutch Harbor, AK







That's The One








1
2




ADVERTISING

















Seán O'Mahony - Wikipedia





















 






Seán O'Mahony

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Seán O'Μahony)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the Gaelic footballer, see Sean O'Mahony (Gaelic footballer).
Seán O'Μahony (also John O'Mahoney)[1] (20 October 1872 – 28 November 1934) was an Irish Sinn Féin politician and member of the First and Second Dáil.[2]
He was born as John Mahony in Logan Street, Thomastown, County Kilkenny, to James Mahony, a tailor, and Mary Cantwell.[3][4] A successful businessman he was a tea merchant and a commercial traveller. His company, John O'Mahoney & Co., was located on Middle Abbey St., and was destroyed during the 1916 Easter Rising. It subsequently reestablished on Parnell Square. He subsequently purchased and ran Fleming's Hotel which was located at 31-32 Gardiner Place, Dublin. A close friend of Arthur Griffith, he became an organiser for Sinn Féin and was elected to Dublin Corporation for the party.
He participated in the Easter Rising and was subsequently interned at Frongoch and Lincoln Jail. He remained with Sinn Féin after it was re-constituted as a republican party at the 1917 Ardfheis.
He was arrested during the German Plot of 1917 and was jailed in Lincoln Gaol in England. While imprisoned he was elected as a Sinn Féin MP for Fermanagh South in the 1918 general election.[5] He was released from prison in 1919 and attended the proceedings of the First Dáil. He was re-arrested at the Sinn Féin offices in November 1919 and was imprisoned for three months in England. He would be arrested several more times throughout the Anglo-Irish War and his hotel was used as a meeting place by Sinn Féin members throughout the time.
He was elected in the 1921 general election to the Second Dáil for Fermanagh and Tyrone. As a result of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 this election was to provide the membership of two assemblies: the Southern Ireland House of Commons and the Northern Ireland House of Commons. The eight seat Fermanagh-Tyrone constituency was one of several in the Northern Ireland House of Commons. As members of Sinn Féin did not recognise either assembly he and the other five Sinn Féin TDs continued to attend the Dáil.[6] During the debates on the Anglo-Irish Treaty he opposed ratification of the document and voted against ratification. He left the Dáil with Éamon de Valera and the other Anti-Treaty TDs.
As the only member of the Second Dáil not elected to the Southern Ireland House of Commons, his status in the Third Dáil in 1922 was unclear. O'Mahoney was not invited to attend the opening of the Provisional Parliament. De Valera was keen for him to attend since if he had been refused entry it would have demonstrated, in the minds of Anti-Treaty supporters, that the assembly was not an All-Ireland Dáil. In the end O'Mahoney did not attend, but his case was taken up by Laurence Ginnell.[7] He remained an abstentionist MP to Stormont until the Northern Ireland general election, 1925, when he did not stand for re-election.
He remained with Sinn Féin after the 1926 split, serving on the party's Ard Chomairle until his death.
He died in 1934. His funeral was attended by representatives of Sinn Féin, the Irish Republican Army, Fianna Fáil, Fianna Éireann, Cumann na mBan, and Mná na Poblachta.[8] He is buried in Glasnevin Cemetery.
He was survived by his wife, and a son, Malachy, and a daughter, Máire.
References[edit]



^ He is referred to as both. His death notice (Irish Independent, 29 November 1934) gives his name as John O'Mahoney (p. 1), but as Seán O'Mahony in an article on p. 10. The death notice on the following day refers to Seán O'Mahony, while the more extensive funeral report (1 December), again, as Seán O'Μahony.
^ "Mr. John O'Mahony". Oireachtas Members Database. Retrieved 8 March 2012. 
^ "General Registrar's Office". IrishGenealogy.ie. Retrieved 12 April 2017. 
^ "Walsh memorial lecture". Kilkenny Reporter. p. 28. Retrieved 2017-04-12. 
^ "Seán O'Mahony". ElectionsIreland.org. Retrieved 8 March 2012. 
^ The other five, Michael Collins, de Valera, Arthur Griffith, Seán Milroy and Eoin MacNeill were also elected for a constituency in the Southern Ireland House of Commons.
^ Dáil Éireann - Volume 1 - 9 September 1922
^ Irish Independent, 1 December 1934, p. 10.



Sources[edit]

Dorothy Macardle, (1937), The Irish Republic.
Frank Gallagher, The Four Glorious Years, 2005 edition.
Biography from Northern Ireland Parliamentary Election Results
Irish Independent, 29 & 30 November, 1 December 1934.



Parliament of the United Kingdom


Preceded by
Patrick Crumley
Member of Parliament for South Fermanagh
1918–1922
Constituency abolished


Parliament of Northern Ireland


New parliament
Member of Parliament for Fermanagh and Tyrone
1921–1925
With: Arthur Griffith 1921–1922
Edward Archdale 1921–1929
William Coote 1921–1924
Seán Milroy 1921–1925
William Thomas Miller 1921–1929
James Cooper 1921–1929
Seán O'Μahony 1921–1925
Thomas Harbison 1921–1929
Succeeded by
Alexander Donnelly 1925–1929
Edward Archdale 1921–1929
Rowley Elliott 1925–1929
William Thomas Miller 1921–1929
Cahir Healy 1925–1929
Thomas Harbison 1921–1929
James Cooper 1921–1929
John McHugh 1925–1929


Oireachtas


New constituency
Teachta Dála for South Fermanagh
1918–1921
Constituency abolished


New constituency
Teachta Dála for Fermanagh and Tyrone
1921–1922
With: Arthur Griffith
Edward Archdale
William Coote
Seán Milroy
William Thomas Miller
James Cooper
Thomas Harbison
Constituency abolished






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Seán_O%27Mahony&oldid=791636445"					
Categories: 1872 births1934 deathsMembers of the 1st DáilMembers of the 2nd DáilMembers of the House of Commons of Northern Ireland 1921–25Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Fermanagh constituencies (1801–1922)Politicians from County KilkennyUK MPs 1918–22Early Sinn Féin TDsMembers of the Irish Republican BrotherhoodMembers of the House of Commons of Northern Ireland for Fermanagh and TyronePeople from ThomastownHidden categories: Use dmy dates from December 2016Use Irish English from December 2016All Wikipedia articles written in Irish English 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Gaeilge 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 14:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






