




















 



 Gary S. Maier Joins Capacity Coverage Company of New Jersey as Senior Executive Vice President 
         










    










 






 











 









Gary S. Maier Joins Capacity Coverage Company of New Jersey as Senior Executive Vice President

Dec 11, 2013, 06:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Capacity Coverage Company of New Jersey 











 
















































 

 




















 


MAHWAH, N.J., Dec. 11, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Capacity Holdings Group and Capacity Coverage Company of New Jersey, Inc. ("Capacity "), a New Jersey based retail and wholesale insurance brokerage currently ranked as the 43rd largest broker nationwide and the 17th largest private broker, today announced that Gary S. Maier has joined the firm as Senior Executive Vice President.
Mr. Maier will join the existing partners of Capacity.  In his new role, Mr. Maier will concentrate on external and internal strategic initiatives that drive growth and profitability.  His responsibilities include identifying new customer and market segments, developing new business opportunities through strategic business alliances and joint ventures, and collaborating with the other senior executives at Capacity to enhance the firm's strategic and operational planning and execution processes.
"Capacity is well positioned to continue to grow due to the breadth of the firm's wholesale and retail product capabilities, coupled with our unique approach to investing in strategic distribution partners," Capacity's Chief Executive Officer Mr. Robert Lull said.  "We are delighted to bring on board a senior executive of Gary's caliber.  Gary will enable us to accelerate Capacity's growth trajectory.  Throughout his career, Gary has been known as a collaborative leader, recognized for his passion and acumen in establishing meaningful opportunities for profitable growth and positioning his teams to maximize results."
Mr. Maier brings to Capacity Coverage his depth and breadth of experience, having spent over 25 years in underwriting, marketing, distribution, products, acquisitions and corporate development.  Before joining Capacity Group, Mr. Maier served from June 2005 to September 2013 as Executive Vice President of Tower Group Inc. in New York.  Mr. Maier served in a variety of positions at Tower, including Chief Underwriting Officer, and for the past several years he managed U.S. Marketing & Distribution and Corporate Development.
Prior to Tower Group, Mr. Maier served from April 2002 to September 2004 as Senior Vice President and Chief Underwriting Officer of OneBeacon Insurance Group in New York.  In his role at OneBeacon Insurance Group, Mr. Maier managed their largest territory which was the New York and New Jersey regions.  From February 1987 to March 2002, Mr. Maier served in key executive positions at Chubb Insurance Group, including most notably as Senior Vice President and Chief Underwriting Officer of Chubb Insurance Group's National Brokerage Commercial Customer Group Business, and as Chief Underwriting Officer of the Commercial Lines Mid-Atlantic Region.  Mr. Maier graduated from the University of Mount Union with a B.S. in Mathematics and Computing.
CONTACT: Carl A. Gerson, 201-661-2400, cgerson@capcoverage.com
 
 SOURCE  Capacity Coverage Company of New Jersey  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  












Jun 09, 2011, 12:34 ET
Preview: Trucking Insurance Broker Interstate Motors Joins with Capacity Coverage of New Jersey






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




Gary S. Maier: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 8:38 AM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of Capacity Coverage Company of New Jersey, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Gary S. Maier  Senior Executive Vice President, Capacity Coverage Company of New Jersey, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 3 different industries.52--
Background

		Mr. Gary S. Maier has been Senior Executive Vice President at The Capacity Group, Inc., since December 11, 2013 and Capacity Coverage Company of New Jersey, Inc. since December 2013. Mr. Maier concentrates on external and internal strategic initiatives that drive growth and profitability. His responsibilities include identifying new customer and market segments, developing new business opportunities through strategic business alliances and joint ventures, and collaborating ... with the other senior executives at Capacity to enhance Capacity Group's strategic and operational planning and execution processes. Mr. Maier has depth and breadth of experience, having spent over 25 years in underwriting, marketing, distribution, products, acquisitions and corporate development. Mr. Maier served as Chief Underwriting Officer of Tower Group International, Ltd. of Canopius Holdings Bermuda Limited since June 2, 2005 and Senior Vice President since June 2005. He served as Executive Vice President of Tower Group from June 2005 to September 2013. For several years, he managed U.S. Marketing & Distribution and Corporate Development at Tower. Mr. Maier served as Senior Vice President & Chief Underwriting Officer of OneBeacon Insurance Group in New York from April 2002 to September 2004. In his role at OneBeacon Insurance Group, Mr. Maier managed their largest territory which was the New York and New Jersey regions. From February 1987 to March 2002, he served in key executive positions at Chubb Insurance Group. Mr. Maier served as Senior Vice President & Chief Underwriting Officer of Chubb Insurance Group's National Brokerage Commercial Customer Group Business, and as Chief Underwriting Officer of the Commercial Lines Mid-Atlantic Region. He graduated from the University of Mount Union with a B.S. in Mathematics and Computing.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
--Mahwah, New Jersey --United StatesPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BS University of Mount Union
Other Affiliations
University of Mount UnionTower Group International, Ltd.The Capacity Group, Inc.Canopius Holdings Bermuda Limited


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Capacity Coverage Company of New Jersey, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































	AIRPORTEATS.COM Trademark of Maier, Gary S.. Serial Number: 77254045 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Transportation & Storage Services
AIRPORTEATS.COM










 
Get FREE email alerts













AIRPORTEATS.COM  Trademark Information
 Maier, Gary S.
Providing online information in the field of travel
Providing online information in the field of restaurants




Perfect for these industries

Transportation & Storage Services 
Restaurant and Hotel Services





Words that describe this mark
providing   online   information   field   travel    
                                    




This is a brand page for the AIRPORTEATS.COM trademark by Maier, Gary S. 
                                in Los Angeles, CA, 90064.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this AIRPORTEATS.COM trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Maier, Gary S. of the AIRPORTEATS.COM trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the AIRPORTEATS.COM trademark.
                           






On Monday, August 13, 2007,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        AIRPORTEATS.COM by 
                        Maier, Gary S., Los Angeles, CA  90064.
                        The USPTO has given the AIRPORTEATS.COM 
                        trademark serial  number of  77254045.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for AIRPORTEATS.COM is 
                        
                        
                                            GARY S. MAIER of 
                                            12233 W OLYMPIC BLVD STE 258,  LOS ANGELES, CA 90064-1039,  
                                .
                            The AIRPORTEATS.COM trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Transportation & Storage Services 
                                , 
                                    Restaurant and Hotel Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for AIRPORTEATS.COM 
                            is Providing online information in the field of travel. 
                            





Word mark:
 AIRPORTEATS.COM


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

8/8/2011






  Serial Number:  
77254045


  Filing Date:  
8/13/2007


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Providing online information in the field of travel


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/15/2008


Last Applicant/Owner:

Maier, Gary S.Los Angeles, CA  90064
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


GARY S. MAIER
12233 W OLYMPIC BLVD STE 258
LOS ANGELES, CA 90064-1039







 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (039) - Transport; packaging and storage of goods; travel arrangement 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (043) - Services for providing food and drink; temporary accommodations. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your AIRPORTEATS.COM trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/8/2011
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



GARY S. MAIER


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of AIRPORTEATS.COM trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search airporteatscom on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for AIRPORTEATS.COM 




AIRPORTEATS.COM is providing Providing online information in the field of travel.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












    Gary Maier | Omnitek Engineering Corp | ZoomInfo.com




HIHO [HIGHWAY]  6-K: CONTACT: Gary S. Maier Maier & Company, Inc. – China Stock Advice
























































































 












Previous Next 

HIHO [HIGHWAY]  6-K: CONTACT: Gary S. Maier Maier & Company, Inc. 
Ticker: HIHO, Company: HIGHWAY HOLDINGS LTD, Type: 6-K, Date: 2017-03-01Original SEC Filing: Click here

Webplus: HIHO/20170301/6-K/2_EX-99.1/000.htm  SEC Original: s105450_ex99-1.htmCONTACT: Gary S. Maier Maier & Company, Inc. (310) 471-1288 HIGHWAY HOLDINGS LIMITED DECLARES CASH DIVIDEND HONG KONG – February 13, 2017 — HIHO (Nasdaq: About Highway Holdings Highway Holdings produces a wide variety of high-quality products for blue chip original equipment manufacturers — from simple parts and components to sub-assemblies and finished products. Highway Holdings’ administrative office is located




Webplus: HIHO/20170301/6-K/3_EX-99.2/000.htm  SEC Original: s105450_ex99-2.htmCONTACT: Gary S. Maier Maier & Company, Inc. (310) 471-1288 HIGHWAY HOLDINGS REPORTS FISCAL 2017 THIRD QUARTER AND NINE-MONTH RESULTS HONG KONG — February 13, 2017 — Nasdaq:HIHO Net sales for the fiscal 2017 third quarter were $5.4 million compared with $5.6 million a year ago — reflecting and the previously announced temporary disruption of production related to the relocation




Webplus: HIHO/20170301/6-K/1/000.htm  SEC Original: s105450_6k.htm




Company Info:
Ticker: HIHO, Company: HIGHWAY HOLDINGS LTD, Type: 6-K, Date: 2017-03-01CIK: 0001026785, Location: K3, SIC: 3490, SIC Desc: MISCELLANEOUS FABRICATED METAL PRODUCTSBusiness Phone & Address: LEVEL 18 LANDMARK N 39 LUNG SUM AVE, STE 1801SHEUNG SHUI, K3




Search for:











Home Page › Forums



Forum
Topics
Posts
Last Post





Stock Forum


2
2

3 years, 2 months ago

 info






 





By info|

			2017-03-01T15:23:16+00:00		
March 1st, 2017|Categories: Chinese Stocks, HIHO, Webplus ver|Tags: 0001026785, 2017-03-01, 3490, 6-K, HIHO, MISCELLANEOUS FABRICATED METAL PRODUCTS|0 Comments 
Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!
FacebookTwitterLinkedinRedditTumblrGoogle+PinterestVkEmail 



						About the Author: 						info 






 







						Related Posts					













NOAH [Noah]  6-K: (Original Filing)


						NOAH [Noah]  6-K: (Original Filing)					













CHU [CHINA UNICOM (HONG KONG)]  6-K: (Original Filing)


						CHU [CHINA UNICOM (HONG KONG)]  6-K: (Original Filing)					













NOAH [Noah]  6-K: Noah Holdings Limited Shang-yan Shang-yan Chief Financial Officer


						NOAH [Noah]  6-K: Noah Holdings Limited Shang-yan Shang-yan Chief Financial Officer					













CHU [CHINA UNICOM (HONG KONG)]  6-K: 1 Announcement dated July 24, 2017 in respect


						CHU [CHINA UNICOM (HONG KONG)]  6-K: 1 Announcement dated July 24, 2017 in respect					













IDI [Cogint]  8-K: (Original Filing)


						IDI [Cogint]  8-K: (Original Filing)					
















Leave A Comment Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment. 



Stock TickerLoading stock data...6-K
SEMICONDUCTORS and RELATED DEVICES
3674
8-K
SC_13G.A
7389
SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC
CORRESP
UPLOAD
SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE
7372
SC_13G
7374
SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING and DATA PREPARATION
PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS
2834
SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES
8200
20-F
SC_13D.A
10-Q
7370
SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC.
AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - CROPS
0100









 



Who’s Online

				There are no users currently online			
Members

Newest
|
Active
|
Popular







Theresa Wessel

registered 5 hours, 29 minutes ago








thiruarasu

registered 5 days, 2 hours ago








sanajackson

registered 5 days, 2 hours ago








messi123boss5

registered 2 weeks, 1 day ago








ubertraviskalanick

registered 1 month ago








wonderwoman1

registered 1 month, 1 week ago








Kelvin Oldham

registered 1 month, 1 week ago








Chelsea Barge

registered 1 month, 1 week ago








Paige Monroy

registered 1 month, 1 week ago








burtonmattocks

registered 1 month, 1 week ago








vegwinona80633

registered 1 month, 1 week ago








Christen Bianco

registered 1 month, 1 week ago






Groups

Newest
|
Active
|
Popular
|
Alphabetical







GoGame.com Companies Public Group


								active 1 week, 5 days ago								








asfaleies-cucogilhupa0206 Just like any type of kind of insurance policy,.


								active 1 month, 2 weeks ago								








How to Obtain Soft Healthy Skin Naturally – 3 Tips


								active 1 month, 2 weeks ago								








How to Obtain Soft Healthy Skin Naturally – 3 Tips


								active 1 month, 2 weeks ago								








Natural Skin Care With Healthy Mind Body And Soul


								active 1 month, 2 weeks ago								




 
 




March 2017


M
T
W
T
F
S
S




« Feb
 
Apr »




 12345


6789101112


13141516171819


20212223242526


2728293031
 


 
 
 

 
 
 
 





























































































































Skip to toolbar


 
Web+ Sites
Ship Option 
Shiping Sidekick 
MMOABC 
GoGame 
嘟牛网 
Web+Shop 
Web+USA 
China Stock Advice
About CSA 
Consulting Services 
Financial Advisory  
Web+中文论坛 
Startup Angel 
创业《天使投资》  
Members
Members Activity 
Members Search  
Groups
Group Forums 
Group Search  
Activity 
Stocks 
Filings 
Search 
Log in 
Register  






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















 






















Dr. Gary Maier, MD | Madison, WI | Psychiatrist























Professionals
doctorsttcqeayetrwczwezdueawsrsbdyr
dentists
podiatrists
chiropractors
optometrists




Facilities
pharmacies
nursing homes
urgent care
hospitals
group practices




Patient Education
care guides
well informed center




corporate
about us
SmartShopper
VitalsChoice
advertise with us
careers





















Find






Location








Menu











            Dr. Gary Maier MD


phone number
write review






















ADVERTISEMENT


























ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Dr. Gary Maier
Is this you?


                                Update your information here.
                            





The Vitals website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through Vitals should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. Vitals does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Service.








ADVERTISEMENT























Dr. Gary Maier MD 







Psychiatry Madison, WI



write review
phone number









summary
patient reviews
locations & directions
insurances
credentials







Patient Reviews
Reviews reflect patients' level of satisfaction with the care they received from this provider. Dr. Gary Maier does not yet have any reviews.




Have you seen Dr. Gary Maier before? Be the first to review!



write a review read reviews





About
Dr. Gary Maier, MD is a Doctor primarily located in Madison, WI. He has 45 years of experience. His specialties include Psychiatry.                    Dr. Maier is affiliated with                            Mendota Mental Health Institute.
                 He speaks English.



                            1
                        

Language

                                Find out the languages this doctor/ or staff may speak.
                            
View all






                            1
                        

Education

                                Learn where this doctor attended medical school.
                            
View all









ADVERTISEMENT








Specialties & ExpertiseDr. Gary Maier has the following 9 areas of expertise,  1 specialty and 1 board certification.                     Psychiatry
    A psychiatrist is a doctor with specific training in the diagnosis and treatment of mental illness.


    He or she can not only provide the counseling necessary to both diagnose and treat a patient, but can also prescribe medication when needed. In some cases, a psychiatrist will only provide the medication and the counseling will be provided by another healthcare specialist, like a certified counselor or psychologist.


    Like other doctors, psychiatrists employ diagnostic tools like CT scans and MRI in order to observe the structure and function of a patient's brain.


    Once a diagnosis is made, these specialists may use behavior or cognitive therapy in order to address the patient's condition, or a multitude of other types of therapy, in conjunction with or in place of medication.




                                9
                            

Expertise

                                    See areas of expertise for treating specific conditions, procedures and surgeries for this doctor.
                                
View all






                                1
                            

Board Certification

                                  See the board certifications this doctor has received. Board certifications provide confidence that this doctor meets the nationally recognized standards for education, knowledge and experience.                                
View all









ADVERTISEMENT











Health Guides






ADHD


Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), including the different types and who gets them.

view care guide





more health guides


Bipolar Disorder
Adult ADHD
Depression
Clinical Depression
Epilepsy
Erectile Dysfunction
Schizophrenia








Locations & Directions












301 Troy Dr
Madison, WI 53704

Phone Number
Get Directions







Nearby Doctors Dr. Gary Maier, MD is similar to these 3 Doctors near Madison, WI.






Dr. Tammy Johnson 



Madison, WI


5.0 








17 Years Experience 


View Profile







Dr. Nishad Nadkarni 



Madison, WI


5.0 








18 Years Experience 


View Profile







Dr. Julie Nielsen-Witkovsky 



Madison, WI


5.0 








27 Years Experience 


View Profile












ADVERTISEMENT






















ADVERTISEMENT
















Have you visited Dr. Gary Maier
Share your experience










By clicking a star above, I agree to the Terms of Use and verify that I have received treatment from this doctor.



I haven't visited this doctor yet.
Continue






 
Home
>            
Find a Psychiatrist
>            
WI
>            
Madison Psychiatrists
>            Dr. Gary Maier, MD  






ADVERTISEMENT





















