




Itron Appoints Jerome J. Lande and Peter Mainz to Board of Directors - Itron, Inc.

















































 











Asia

    Change
    







Careers
Investors
Contact Us
Itron Access
Support










































Press Releases












Investors Home
Stock Information

Stock Information Overview
Investment Calculator
Historic Stock Lookup
Analyst Coverage


Press Releases
Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance Overview
Board of Directors
Committee Composition
Insider Transactions
Code of Conduct and Ethics
Contact the Board


Financials & Filings

Financials & Filings Overview
Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
Financial Statements
Annual Reports and Proxies
SEC Filings


Events & Presentations
FAQs
Contact
Search IR















                                Back to Press Release
                            




Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS




Itron Appoints Jerome J. Lande and Peter Mainz to Board of Directors




PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase




Announces Cooperation Agreement with Coppersmith Capital Management

      and Scopia Capital Management

 LIBERTY LAKE, Wash.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Itron, Inc. (NASDAQ: ITRI), a world-leading technology and services

      company dedicated to the resourceful use of energy and water, today

      announced that it has reached a cooperation agreement with Coppersmith

      Capital Management LLC and Scopia Capital Management LP under which two

      directors will be added to the Itron Board of Directors. Jerome Lande,

      managing partner of Coppersmith, has been appointed effective

      immediately, and Peter Mainz, a candidate identified by Coppersmith and

      approved by the board of directors, has been appointed effective Jan. 1,

      2016.

    


      Lande will serve as a Class 1 director with a term expiring at the 2017

      Annual Meeting. Mainz will serve as a Class 2 director with a term

      expiring at the 2018 Annual Meeting. Both directors will stand for

      election at the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

    


      The Company also announced that, pursuant to the cooperation agreement,

      it has formed a Value Enhancement Committee to review, study and develop

      potential initiatives (including transactions) designed to create

      durable, sustainable long-term shareholder value. The committee will be

      comprised of Lande, Mainz and three additional incumbent independent

      directors: Jon E. Eliassen, chairman of the Itron Board, and Directors

      Gary Pruitt and Diana D. Tremblay. Pruitt will chair the committee.

    


      "We welcome Jerome and Peter to the board and believe their addition

      represents a constructive outcome for Itron and all Itron shareholders.

      Our entire board and management team are moving forward fully focused on

      delivering on our strategic initiatives, driving performance and

      creating value for shareholders," said Eliassen.

    


      "Itron has a number of important initiatives underway and we look

      forward to working together with Jerome and Peter to continue executing

      on our plan and to consider additional means to reduce costs, realize

      growth opportunities and unlock the value inherent in Itron as a

      world-leading technology and services company," said Philip Mezey, Itron

      President and Chief Executive Officer.

    


      "We are pleased to have reached an agreement to bring new perspective

      and shareholder representation to the Itron Board of Directors. We look

      forward to working with the board and management team to advance the

      Company's efforts through existing and new initiatives in support of our

      shared goal of enhancing shareholder value," said Lande.

    


      In connection with the cooperation agreement, the Itron Board of

      Directors will initially include 14 directors upon the appointment of

      Lande and Mainz. However, the board will be reduced to 13 members not

      later than the 2016 Annual Meeting and reduced to 12 members not later

      than the 2017 Annual Meeting. Pursuant to the cooperation agreement,

      Coppersmith and Scopia Capital have agreed to abide by certain customary

      standstill and voting provisions.

    


      The complete cooperation agreement among Itron, Coppersmith and Scopia

      Capital will be included as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K,

      which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in the

      ordinary course.

    

About Jerome J. Lande


Jerome J. Lande (Age 39) is the managing partner of Coppersmith Capital

      which he co−founded in April 2012. Previously, Lande was a partner at

      MCM Capital Management, LLC ("MCM"), from January 2006 until February

      2012, and served as an executive vice president at MCM from January 2005

      until he left the company. MCM was the general partner of MMI

      Investments, L.P., a small−cap deep value fund where Lande was

      responsible for all areas of portfolio management. He served as a vice

      president of MCM from February 2002 to January 2005 and as an associate

      from January 1999 to February 2002. Lande served as corporate

      development officer of Key Components, Inc., a global diversified

      industrial manufacturer that was formerly an SEC reporting company, from

      January 1999 until its acquisition by Actuant Corporation in February

      2004. Lande holds a B.A. from Cornell University.

    

About Peter Mainz


Peter Mainz (Age 51) has more than 20 years of financial and

      communication systems business expertise that includes deep operational

      and commercial executive leadership experience. Most recently, Mainz

      served as president, chief executive officer and a director of Sensus, a

      global solutions company offering smart meters, communications systems,

      software and services for the electric, gas and water industries, which

      was created as the result of a private equity spin out of a division of

      Invensys plc. Prior to that, he served as the chief financial officer of

      Sensus and later was appointed as the executive vice president of

      operations. Prior to Sensus, he served as vice president of finance for

      various economic zones for Invensys plc. He also previously held

      executive roles at IBM and Schlumberger. Mainz holds a B.S. in Business

      Administration and Computer Science from Johannes Kepler University Linz

      in Austria and an MBA from Texas A&M University.

    

About Itron


Itron is a world-leading technology and services company dedicated to

      the resourceful use of energy and water. We provide comprehensive

      solutions that measure, manage and analyze energy and water. Our broad

      product portfolio includes electricity, gas, water and thermal energy

      measurement devices and control technology; communications systems;

      software; as well as managed and consulting services. With thousands of

      employees supporting nearly 8,000 customers in more than 100 countries,

      Itron applies knowledge and technology to better manage energy and water

      resources. Together, we can create a more resourceful world. Join us: www.itron.com.

    


      Itron® is a registered trademark of Itron, Inc.


Forward Looking Statements



      This release contains forward-looking statements concerning our

      expectations about operations, financial performance, sales, earnings

      and cash flows. These statements reflect our current plans and

      expectations and are based on information currently available. The

      statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be

      inaccurate, and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could

      cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated.

      Risks and uncertainties include the rate and timing of customer demand

      for our products, rescheduling of current customer orders, changes in

      estimated liabilities for product warranties, changes in laws and

      regulations, our dependence on new product development and intellectual

      property, future acquisitions, changes in estimates for stock-based and

      bonus compensation, increasing volatility in foreign exchange rates,

      international business risks and other factors that are more fully

      described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December

      31, 2014 and other reports on file with the Securities and Exchange

      Commission. Itron undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise

      any forward-looking statements, including our business outlook.

    


View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20151210006064/en/

Itron, Inc.Sharelynn Moore, 509-891-3524Vice

      President, Corporate Marketing and Public Affairssharelynn.moore@itron.comorBarbara

      Doyle, 509-891-3443Vice President, Investor Relationsbarbara.doyle@itron.com

Source: Itron, Inc.

News Provided by Acquire Media








	              Shareholder Tools
	            




Briefcase


Email Alerts
Email Alerts


DownloadLibrary
Downloads


RSS
RSS News Feeds


Print
Print


Share
Share















Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS








































Meter Data Management


Market-leading solutions for managing critical and insightful metering-based data. 



                        Read More
                        





















































 





How we can help? - The Mainz Company


















































































Digital Commercial Photography, Scotland













 





Brand photography makes a huge difference to the conversion rate of any website. 
		







75% of online sales are lost due to poor product imagery. 
		







67% of customers rank image quality as "very important" when deciding whether or not to purchase from an online store.

 
		







Professional Ecommerce photography is proven to lift online sales. 
		







Brand Photography helps customers engage on a much deeper level with your brand. 
		


 











Ecommerce Photography









Marketing Photography









Jewellery Photography









Interior Photography









Fashion Photography









Food & Drink Photography











How Can We Help?
Does your photography reflect your brand identity? Is it getting you noticed in the market place
The Mainz Company will ensure your brand images stand out from your competitors across all channels. Offering digital photography for multi-channel packages to successfully capture your target audience’s attention.
Photography Workshops
Have you ever thought about hiring a photography consultant for your Ecommerce site? A solution to save you time and money ensuring your products have the professional look and feel they require. For more information please contact [email protected] or phone 07540 620 115.
Fact: Over 75% of online sales are lost due to poor product images.
Remember the more photos you have, the more it lingers. Take advantage of professional photography because online businesses are not just about words that entice but photos that sell too!






Marketing


Packshots


Photo Workshops














Home




Portfolio



¬ Ecommerce Photography


¬ Marketing Photography


¬ Jewellery Photography


¬ Interior Photography


¬ Fashion Photography


¬ Food and drink Photography





About




Services



¬ Brand Photography


¬ Ecommerce Photography


¬ Photography Workshops





Reviews




Contact













This site uses cookiesNo problemMore info






Peter Grimm Mainz - FREE Shipping & Exchanges























































































































Email
service@shoes.com








Call
1 (888) 200 - 8414

                                        Mon - Fri: 8:00 AM - Midnight ET
                                        
                                        Sat - Sun: 8:00 AM - 11:00 PM ET
                                    





























Login


Email Address

Password


Member Sign In




CLOSE








Error



Close
















Advanced Search





















Wish
List




0
Cart












														Your cart is currently unavailable
													








Checkout





















								Advanced search is currently unavailable
							

Close  ✕













































0






































Peter Grimm Mainz 




Customer rating:

View Questions & Answers
View entire brand








Colors:





















Hover above to zoom


















Select a Size


One Size




This item does not follow standard US sizing. See size chart for proper fit.
Size Chart



Select a Color









$39.95





Black/White - $39.95















$39.95


Add to Cart


Add to Cart





Free Shipping
Free Exchanges
100% Price Guarantee
Add to Wish List

Share:




















Peter Grimm Mainz


Product Description
            
                Accessorize your outfit with this retro Peter Grimm Maine hat. This hat is covered with the classic houndstooth print, which gets you noticed even from a distance. This striking design is further highlighted by a thick hatband sporting a monogram accent. Made from natural fiber, this hat is durable and lightweight. While protecting your from the sun, it also keeps you stylish. Its narrow brim and creased crown are striking signature elements of a typical fedora. This hat can be worn by both genders. This Maine fedora from Peter Grimm is a great addition to your hat collection.
            
        


            
            Imported










Customer Reviews
Questions & Answers



Loading...












 Peter Grimm Mainz 
Brand:

	 				Peter Grimm  
	    

Style:
	        Mainz
	    
Related Categories (Mainz)

Men's Fedoras
Women's Fedoras
Show 

Related Searches (Mainz):


Related Searches

womens white fedoras


betmar white fedoras


mens hats fedora black


womens fedoras


womens betmar white fedoras


peter grimm hats

Show 


To email a friend about the Mainz, click here
To be notified when new Peter Grimm styles are added, click here

































Mainz Peter | Oconomowoc WI | Read Reviews + Get a Free Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Mainz, Peter?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Mainz, Peter
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






M







BZ Score:
90







License # 225493-PM




Oconomowoc, WI









Mainz, Peter




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


 best Plumbers in Oconomowoc 

 



Updated: Jun 05, 2017





Overview

Mainz, Peter in Oconomowoc, WI holds a Plumber, Master Plumber  license (225493-PM) according to the Wisconsin license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.Their license (225493-PM, 225493) was verified as active when we last checked. If you are thinking of hiring Mainz, Peter, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Mainz, Peter Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Boiler/Water Heater
Fire Sprinkler Systems
Gas and Piping
Sewer Laterals
Septic Tanks and Systems
Plumbing






Contact


Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









Madison, WI 53704


Capital Water Softener




License # 1014083


Madison, WI







105

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


233
Projects














1785 E Bolivar Ave, Saint Francis, WI 53235


Becker Boiler Co Inc




License # 5088-HVACCONT


Saint Francis, WI







91

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














1301 E Waterford Avenue Suite A, Milwaukee, WI 53235



Emergency Fire & Water




License # 1134826-DCFR


Milwaukee, WI







102

BZ Score


$35.5K
Avg Project 


14
Projects













Mainz, Peter Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Mainz, Peter. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Mainz, Peter










1
Rate this plumber







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this plumber.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Mainz, Peter,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Mainz, Peter








105


Capital Water Softener







91


Becker Boiler Co Inc







102


Emergency Fire & Water






Request a Quote







License info














Verified License


License #225493-PMStatusActiveStateWisconsinTypePlumber


BuildZoom verified this license was active as of June, 2017.Verify this license's status for Mainz, Peter at the Wisconsin Department of Safety and Professional Services.















License Not Verified


License #225493StatusActiveStateWisconsinTypeMaster Plumber


When BuildZoom last verified this license, it had an expiration date of March, 2015. Check the current license status of Mainz, Peter with the Wisconsin Department of Safety and Professional Services












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Wisconsin:













Does Mainz, Peter carry a valid contracting license?



All residential and commercial construction in Wisconsin requires a licensed contractor.
Mainz, Peter currently holds license 225493-PM, 225493 (Plumber, Master Plumber), which was Active when we last checked. 











Your liability risk when hiring Mainz, Peter



Licensed contractors in Wisconsin must carry both general liability and workers' compensation insurance, request a copy of current insurance certificates for each.











Financial recourse when hiring Mainz, Peter



Licensed contractors in Wisconsin are required to obtain a surety bond.In the event of losses or damages incurred during a construction project,a homeowner can file a claim against a contractors bond.











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Wisconsin, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal,and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner, choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Mainz, Peter
We will attempt to deliver your message to Mainz, Peter. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.





























































                   Peter Grimm Mainz - ShopStyle Hats                      us        us       uk       fr       au       de       ca       jp       cn      Int'l Ship   Currency         Login   or   Signup                      Women       Bags       Shoes       Beauty       Jewelry       Men       Kids       Home      Blog       Featured Looks                                                                                   Women    /     Clothing    /     Accessories    /    Peter Grimm Hats     Peter Grimm    Mainz        $39.95             Extra 20% Off + FS: JULY17        Buy Now from shoes.com         Get Sale Alert            2           Color                 Size    9.5 6E       Details  Accessorize your outfit with this retro Peter Grimm Maine hat. This hat is covered with the classic houndstooth print, which gets you noticed even from a distance. This striking design is further highlighted by a thick hatband sporting a monogram accent. Made from natural fiber, this hat is durable and lightweight. While protecting your from the sun, it also keeps you stylish. Its narrow brim and creased crown are striking signature elements of a typical fedora. This hat can be worn by both genders. This Maine fedora from Peter Grimm is a great addition to your hat collection.             Similar Products       Extra 20% Off + FS: JULY17          Peter Grimm Mainz              Accessorize your outfit with this retro Peter Grimm Maine hat. This hat is covered with the classic houndstooth print, which gets you noticed even from a distance. This striking design is further highlighted by a thick hatband sporting a monogram accent. Made from natural fiber, this hat is durable and lightweight. While protecting your from the sun, it also keeps you stylish. Its narrow brim and creased crown are striking signature elements of a typical fedora. This hat can be worn by both genders. This Maine fedora from Peter Grimm is a great addition to your hat collection.      $39.95                       Get Sale Alert              Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Erin Floppy Hat              This Peter Grimm floppy hat accentuates your fashionable style. PRODUCT FEATURES Sweatband lining Grommet accent Floppy design Elasticized band Packable Polyester, paper Spot clean Imported 1.5-in. brim       $30                       Get Sale Alert              Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Women's Zima Wool Panama Hat              Sleek and stylish, this women's Peter Grimm Panama hat features a tie accent. PRODUCT FEATURES Wool construction Elasti-fit band Wool Spot clean Imported 4-in. brim       $50                       Get Sale Alert              Extra 20% Off + FS: JULY17          Peter Grimm Loli Straw Hat              Complete any charming look with the Peter Grimm Loli Straw Hat. Simple fabric band Woven out of panama straw One size fits most.      $51.95                       Get Sale Alert              Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Janet Resort Hat              This floppy Peter Grimm resort hat is simply perfect for lazy days spent leisurely basking in the summertime sun. PRODUCT FEATURES Striped & knotted band Grommet accent Packable design 5-in. brim Elasti-fit inner band Polyester Spot clean Imported       $35                       Get Sale Alert              Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Tokyo Fedora              This Peter Grimm fedora is feminine and fashionable with the large satin ribbon gathered detail. PRODUCT FEATURES Fedora design with satin ribbon accent Wire brim Grommet accent Elasticized band Paper Spot clean Imported 3.5-in. brim       $35                       Get Sale Alert              Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Sol Life Guard Hat              Relaxed, resort-ready style is all yours with this Peter Grimm life guard hat. PRODUCT FEATURES Faux-leather band, trim & chin strap with toggle Grommet accent Woven design 6.5-in. brim Elasti-fit inner band Paper Spot clean Imported       $30                       Get Sale Alert              Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Women's Tavin Radial Panama Hat              This Peter Grimm women's hat features a radial Panama design to shield your eyes from the sun. HAT FEATURES Tie cord accent Straw construction Wire brim Elastic-fit band UV-protection Paper Spot clean Imported 3.25-in. brim       $30                       Get Sale Alert              Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Women's Chaco Wool Panama Hat              The sleek Panama design and ribbon accent give this women's Peter Grimm hat a fresh take on style. PRODUCT FEATURES Elasti-fit band Wool Spot clean Imported 2.75-in. brim       $50                       Get Sale Alert              Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Pike Sun Protection Panama Hat              This breathable Peter Grimm Panama hat offers sun protection with a mesh design. PRODUCT FEATURES Leather cords with toggle accents Grommet accent Mesh accents Elasticized band UV protection Crushable/packable Polyester, paper Spot clean Imported 4.5-in. brim       $35                       Get Sale Alert              Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Alder Life Guard Hat              With its extra-wide brim and practical chin strap, this Peter Grimm hat is perfect for leisurely basking in the warm summer sun. PRODUCT FEATURES Rope band & chin strap with sliding bead Grommet accent Woven design 4.5-in. brim Elasti-fit inner band Braided wheat Spot clean Imported       $45                       Get Sale Alert              Extra 20% Off + FS: JULY17          Peter Grimm Starla              Shield your eyes from the blinding sunlight with the Peter Grimm Starla visor. Made with utmost precision using 100% natural fiber, this hat is lightweight and comfortable enough to be worn all day long. You can wear this visor with most outfits. The fit of this visor can be adjusted with the band. This UV-protected visor ensures that the harmful sun rays do not damage your eyes. You can wear this Starla visor by Peter Grimm for a variety of outdoor events.      $27.95                       Get Sale Alert                    Information   About  Advertising  Careers  Contact  FAQ    Partner   Affiliate Program  Partner With Us  Blog  Ebates    Shopping Guide   Brands  Terms (Updated 4/3/2017)  Privacy     Connect                    ©2017 ShopStyle Inc.  Popsugar Style • ShopStyle                              Women's Clothes - ShopStyle                      us        us       uk       fr       au       de       ca       jp       cn      Int'l Ship   Currency         Login   or   Signup                      Women       Bags       Shoes       Beauty       Jewelry       Men       Kids       Home      Blog       Featured Looks                Women's Clothes   10,000+ Products             ShopStyle is the ultimate fashion destination for wardrobe shopping, browsing, and inspiration. Be it elegant black-tie attire or on-trend items, ShopStyle offers a full range of options for every taste and every budget. All...     ShopStyle is the ultimate fashion destination for wardrobe shopping, browsing, and inspiration. Be it elegant black-tie attire or on-trend items, ShopStyle offers a full range of options for every taste and every budget. All the favorite pieces from top brands like Marc Jacobs, ASOS, Michael Kors, Valentino, J.Crew, Tibi, Theory and more. It’s the perfect shopping experience to discover the latest styles for your every occasion.      See More               Save This Search          Brands              Top Brands       BP        Burberry        Lush        St. John        Zella                Stores                        Colors                Red      Orange      Yellow      Green      Blue      Purple      Pink      Black      White      Gray      Beige      Brown      Gold      Silver             Price                     Sales & Deals           Sales       On Sale        20%        30%        40%        50%        60%        70%        New today        New this week                Condition                  New        Preowned               Sort                 Relevance       Lowest Price       Highest Price       Most Popular       Most Favorites       Newest                                    All  /    Women    /      Clothing             Accessories   100.1K      Activewear   31.9K      Bridal   13.4K      Denim   83.0K      Dresses   332.8K      Intimates   76.1K      Jackets   93.3K      Jewelry   421.6K      Maternity   19.9K      Outerwear   45.1K      Pants   140.3K      Petites Clothing   32.3K      Plus Sizes   64.2K      Shorts   43.2K      Skirts   91.0K      Suits   1.9K      Sweaters   116.4K      Swimwear   70.9K      Sweats & Hoodies   20.2K      Teens   22.5K      Tops   336.4K                    Free Shipping & Returns          Saint Laurent D-frame Acetate Sunglasses - Black              Saint Laurent's effortlessly cool sunglasses have been made in Italy from black acetate in an oversized D-frame silhouette. They're designed with silver hardware and dark lenses that offer UV protection. Store this flattering pair in the leather soft case on overcast days. -- Black acetate- Come in a designer-stamped leather soft case- 100% UV protection- Made in Italy      $304                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Needle & Thread Meadow Embroidered Tulle Gown - Light blue              Inspired by Victorian lace, Needle & Thread's 'Meadow' gown is embroidered with beautiful white flowers. This floor-grazing piece is cut from swathes of delicate lavender tulle and trimmed with a grosgrain band at the waist. The integrated slip lining leaves sheer panels at the neckline and shoulders - show them off with an updo.      $585                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Self-Portrait Guipure Lace And Poplin Mini Dress - Sky blue              Self-Portrait's mini dress is made from delicate floral guipure lace with a lightweight poplin skirt and partial lining at the bust. It's particularly short in length, so works best with flats or slides.      $445                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          LoveShackFancy - Della Pointelle-trimmed Embroidered Cotton Maxi Dress - Pastel pink              LoveShackFancy's 'Della' dress is intricately detailed with Edwardian-style embroidery, pintucked seams and pointelle trims. Cut from airy cotton, this pastel-pink style skims the waist before falling to a tiered, ankle-grazing hem. Wear yours from day to evening, switching flats for heeled sandals.      $395                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Ground Shipping          Gucci Iridescent pleated skirt              The rainbow is a strong motif throughout Alessandro Michele's collections. The iridescent mix of colors add a playful touch to the pleated Gucci skirt. Iridescent multicolor stripe lurex Pleated skirt Below the knee length Unlined Approximately 32.7" in length; based on a size 40 57% polyester and 43% silk Made in Italy The model is 5’8” and is wearing size 40       $1,980                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Ground Shipping          Gucci logo cotton t-shirt              A Gucci print t-shirt that was shown on the Cruise 2017 runway. This style in cotton jersey has a vintage, weathered look and a Gucci print on the front, inspired by prints from the 1980s. White cotton jersey Gucci vintage logo with embroidered flower appliqué on the back Oversize relaxed fit 100% cotton Made in Italy The model is 5'10" and is wearing size small       $550                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Ground Shipping          Gucci Wide leather belt with Double G              A wide leather belt with Double G buckle, Alessandro Michele's take on the classic GG logo. Black leather Brass hardware Double G buckle 2.75" width Made in Italy Gucci belts are in Italian sizes, please refer to the belt size guide before placing an order       $990                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Ray-Ban Women's Icons 50Mm Round Metal Sunglasses - Gold/ Green              Sleek rounded frames epitomizing retro style define lightweight metallic sunglasses. Brand: RAY-BAN. Style Name:Ray-Ban Icons 50Mm Round Metal Sunglasses. Style Number: 413170. Available in stores.      $150                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Judith Jack Women's Stackable Cubic Zirconia Bezel Ring              Show off plenty of sparkle, with the glittering cubic zirconia bezels that make up this gleaming, gold-plated band ring. Wear it alone for a simple, timeless look, or stack it with other styles to make a trendy statement. Brand: Judith Jack. Style Name:Judith Jack Stackable Cubic Zirconia Bezel Ring. Style Number: 5128420. Available in stores.      $60                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          BaubleBar Women's Corde Bib Necklace              A twisted cotton rope adds a playful boho-chic twist to a statement bib necklace featuring a mosaic of faceted crystals and polished cabochons. Brand: BAUBLEBAR. Style Name:Baublebar Corde Bib Necklace. Style Number: 5383818. Available in stores.      $48                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          BaubleBar Women's Caesar Earrings              Gleaming goldtone earrings with a bit of Roman inspiration provide an elegant finish for your look. Brand: BAUBLEBAR. Style Name:Baublebar Caesar Earrings. Style Number: 5385912. Available in stores.      $32                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Nashelle Women's 14K-Gold Fill Initial Disc Necklace              From humble beginnings to a fully staffed warehouse in Bend, Oregon, Nashelle remains true to its original purpose-handmade jewelry crafted with love and intention. The initial necklace is no different, with a hand-stamped pendant centered on a delicate chain-link. Brand: Nashelle. Style Name:Nashelle 14K-Gold Fill Initial Disc Necklace. Style Number: 813137. Available in stores.      $73                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          J.o.a. Women's Ruffle Strapless Denim Top              Shimmy between stages at your fave music festival in this flouncy strapless top with a frayed elastic neckline and released raw hem. Brand: J.O.A.. Style Name:J.o.a. Ruffle Strapless Denim Top. Style Number: 5412677. Available in stores.      $65                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          KENDALL + KYLIE Women's Priscilla 65Mm Butterfly Sunglasses - Matte Black/ Matte Red/ Black              Abstract K detailing at the temples adds signature flair to streamlined sunglasses in a modern, minimalist profile. Brand: KENDALL AND KYLIE. Style Name:Kendall + Kylie Priscilla 65Mm Butterfly Sunglasses. Style Number: 5341035. Available in stores.      $190                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Joie Women's 'Marru' Semi-Sheer Silk Blouse              Pleating runs along the split neck of a semi-sheer silk blouse and continues down the center front. Brand: JOIE. Style Name:Joie 'Marru' Semi-Sheer Silk Blouse. Style Number: 326459. Available in stores.      $208                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Articles of Society Women's Carly Skinny Crop Jeans              Frayed, raw hems and a shredded knee give an easygoing feel to stretchy skinny jeans cast in a bright white hue and cropped to an ankle-baring length. Brand: ARTICLES OF SOCIETY. Style Name:Articles Of Society Carly Skinny Crop Jeans (Whiteout). Style Number: 5277682. Available in stores.      $64                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          BP Women's Chevron Pendant Necklace              Add a bit of geometry to your look with a long golden chevron necklace that's perfect for layering. Brand: BP. Style Name:Bp. Chevron Pendant Necklace. Style Number: 5324677. Available in stores.      $19        $9.49                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          J.Crew Women's Smocked Top              Smocking + perfect fluttery sleeves = your new summery favorite. Brand: J. CREW. Style Name:J.crew Smocked Top. Style Number: 5388629. Available in stores.      $39.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Madewell Women's Fleet Jacket              A figure-defining drawcord waist streamlines a heritage military jacket cut from lightweight cotton. A chic stand collar and a handful of external pockets equip the style for everyday functionality. Brand: MADEWELL. Style Name:Madewell Fleet Jacket. Style Number: 1055597. Available in stores.      $118                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          BP Women's Metal Tipped Wrap Choker              Long beads add metallic shine to the end of a long, braided cord that you can wrap, drape and tie into a '70s-chic choker necklace. Brand: BP. Style Name:Bp. Metal Tipped Wrap Choker. Style Number: 5205734. Available in stores.      $15                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          BP Women's Stone Charm Necklace              A faceted stone pendant catches the light just so, adding a bit of subtle sparkle to your everyday style. Brand: BP. Style Name:Bp. Stone Charm Necklace. Style Number: 5401326. Available in stores.      $12                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Billabong Women's Long Way Home Graphic Sweatshirt              This cozy raglan-sleeve sweatshirt serves as a perfect reminder to stop and appreciate the little things. Brand: BILLABONG. Style Name:Billabong Long Way Home Graphic Sweatshirt. Style Number: 5404838. Available in stores.      $44.95                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          KUT from the Kloth Women's Donna Skinny Jeans              Every wardrobe needs a pair of reliably chic stretch-denim skinny jeans in a deep black wash that you can dress up or down as your day demands. Brand: KUT FROM THE KLOTH. Style Name:Kut From The Kloth Donna Skinny Jeans (Perseverant) (Regular & Petite). Style Number: 5356101. Available in stores.      $89.50        $59.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Zella Women's Style Game Training Jacket              Fear not, jogger in bad weather-this hooded full-zip jacket is equipped with mesh lining that offers extra protection when the weather turns worse. Plus, an interior pocket with a headphone port is great for storing your smartphone, while an angled flap in back vents out excess warmth when your workout heats up. Brand: ZELLA. Style Name:Zella Style Game Training Jacket. Style Number: 5292871. Available in stores.      $149        $98.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Current/Elliott Women's Drawstring Waist Shift Dress              The perfect mix of put-together and comfortable, this easy shift is cut from soft, heathered jersey and cinched at the waist with a slender drawstring. Brand: CURRENT/ELLIOTT. Style Name:Current/elliott Drawstring Waist Shift Dress. Style Number: 5359074. Available in stores.      $148        $98.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Nadri Women's Medium Inside Out Hoop Earrings (Nordstrom Exclusive)              Clear pave-set crystals scintillate from every angle on this pair of ultraslim hoop earrings plated in hand-polished precious metal. Brand: NADRI. Style Name:Nadri Medium Inside Out Hoop Earrings (Nordstrom Exclusive). Style Number: 813821. Available in stores.      $60        $39.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Kendra Scott Women's Elle Filigree Drop Earrings              Ornate open metalwork is framed by Kendra Scott's iconic portrait setting in these elegant drops reimagined in a smaller, wear-anywhere size. Brand: KENDRA SCOTT. Style Name:Kendra Scott Elle Filigree Drop Earrings. Style Number: 518228_10. Available in stores.      $60        $39.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Kendra Scott Women's Lee Small Filigree Drop Earring.              Ornate open metalwork is framed by Kendra Scott's iconic portrait setting in these elegant drops reimagined in a smaller, wear-anywhere size. Brand: KENDRA SCOTT. Style Name:Kendra Scott Lee Small Filigree Drop Earring.. Style Number: 1122008_7. Available in stores.      $55        $35.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Madewell Women's Softplaid Fringe Scarf              In keeping with Madewell's focus on cool, timeless essentials, this supersoft and cozy scarf features a classic plaid pattern and twisted fringe trim for a bit of swingy movement. Brand: MADEWELL. Style Name:Madewell Softplaid Fringe Scarf. Style Number: 5380312. Available in stores.      $59.50        $38.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Treasure & Bond Women's Crop Skinny Jeans              Super-stretchy black denim sculpts a lean, flattering silhouette in these wear-with-everything mid-rise skinny jeans cropped at the ankle to show off your favorite footwear.When you buy Treasure & Bond, Nordstrom will donate 2.5% of net sales (that's 5% of net profits) to organizations that work to empower youth. Brand: TREASURE AND BOND. Style Name:Treasure & Bond Crop Skinny Jeans (Midnight Rinse). Style Number: 5091667. Available in stores.      $79                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Vince Women's Union Distressed Slouch Jeans              Shredded tears and frayed hems bolster the roughed-up and worn look of faded blue jeans in a contemporary slouchy cut of fine Japanese cotton denim. Brand: VINCE. Style Name:Vince Union Distressed Slouch Jeans. Style Number: 5372026. Available in stores.      $275        $183.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          BP Women's Bar Pendant Y-Necklace              Perfectly modern and minimalist, this delicate Y-necklace perfectly completes any spring outfit. Brand: BP. Style Name:Bp. Bar Pendant Y-Necklace. Style Number: 5364630. Available in stores.      $19        $11.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Topshop Women's Spot Peplum Midi Dress              Show off sun-kissed skin but keep it classy in this retro-dot peplum dress with a midriff cutout, plunging neck and sassy slit skirt. Brand: TOPSHOP. Style Name:Topshop Spot Peplum Midi Dress. Style Number: 5408344. Available in stores.      $130        $84.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Current/Elliott Women's Picnic Shirt              Bohemian and feminine, this lightweight cotton blouse is shirred at the shoulders and decorated with lace. Brand: CURRENT/ELLIOTT. Style Name:Current/elliott Picnic Shirt. Style Number: 5289378_1. Available in stores.      $168        $111.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          BP Women's Chain Tassel Pendant Necklace              An openwork pendant suspends a slinky tassel made from delicate chains on a shimmery, trend-right necklace with a global-inspired look. Brand: BP. Style Name:Bp. Chain Tassel Pendant Necklace. Style Number: 5401348. Available in stores.      $19                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Madewell Women's Coliseum Pendant Necklace              A slim, goldtone box chain suspends a sleek, semicircular pendant for an elegant, eye-catching necklace that looks equally good on its own or layered with other pieces. Brand: MADEWELL. Style Name:Madewell Coliseum Pendant Necklace. Style Number: 5380309. Available in stores.      $48        $31.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Lush Women's Zipper Leggings              Versatile and easy to wear no matter the season, these stretchy leggings are streamlined by a back elastic waistband and zippered hems. Brand: LUSH. Style Name:Lush Zipper Leggings. Style Number: 5367301. Available in stores.      $45        $27.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Vigoss Women's Jagger High Waist Skinny Jeans              A hint of stretch enhances the svelte silhouette of ankle-length skinny jeans that are sure to have a regular spot in your wardrobe rotation. Brand: VIGOSS. Style Name:Vigoss Jagger High Waist Skinny Jeans. Style Number: 5365682. Available in stores.      $64        $41.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Cinq à Sept Women's Marla Silk Lace Bodysuit              Channel French-girl charm in this decidedly romantic bodysuit sewn from delicate-and totally sheer-silk lace that layers beautifully. Brand: CINQ A SEPT. Style Name:Cinq A Sept Marla Silk Lace Bodysuit (Nordstrom Exclusive). Style Number: 5372707. Available in stores.      $195        $129.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Quay Women's 'Needing Fame' 65Mm Aviator Sunglasses - Black/ Red/ Yellow              Striking, partly translucent frames define modern oversized sunglasses that complete your look and offer full UV protection. Brand: QUAY AUSTRALIA. Style Name:Quay Australia 'Needing Fame' 65Mm Aviator Sunglasses. Style Number: 5242679_1. Available in stores.      $55        $35.90                 Get Sale Alert                                      Information   About  Advertising  Careers  Contact  FAQ    Partner   Affiliate Program  Partner With Us  Blog  Ebates    Shopping Guide   Brands  Terms (Updated 4/3/2017)  Privacy     Connect                    ©2017 ShopStyle Inc.  Popsugar Style • ShopStyle                              Women's Accessories - ShopStyle                      us        us       uk       fr       au       de       ca       jp       cn      Int'l Ship   Currency         Login   or   Signup                      Women       Bags       Shoes       Beauty       Jewelry       Men       Kids       Home      Blog       Featured Looks                Women's Accessories   10,000+ Products             Your ensemble deserves a little something extra, and ShopStyle's online accessories store is where you can shop for fabulous finds. Filled with stylish hats, sunglasses, belts, gloves, and scarves, it’s the place with the...     Your ensemble deserves a little something extra, and ShopStyle's online accessories store is where you can shop for fabulous finds. Filled with stylish hats, sunglasses, belts, gloves, and scarves, it’s the place with the hottest trends for every budget. Our favorite brands include Ray-Ban, ASOS, Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, Mango, and Lanvin,      See More               Save This Search          Brands              Top Brands       BP        Burberry        Gucci        Maison Michel        Moschino                Stores                        Colors                Red      Orange      Yellow      Green      Blue      Purple      Pink      Black      White      Gray      Beige      Brown      Gold      Silver             Price                     Sales & Deals           Sales       On Sale        20%        30%        40%        50%        60%        70%        New today        New this week                Condition                  New        Preowned               Sort                 Relevance       Lowest Price       Highest Price       Most Popular       Most Favorites       Newest                              Related Searches:    Acetate Sunglasses    Phones Cloth    Lens Cloth    Cloth Hats    Polarized Sunglasses             All  /    Women    /     Clothing    /      Accessories             Belts   11.8K      Gifts   64      Gift Cards   59      Gloves   2.2K      Hats   14.3K      Scarves & Wraps   24.3K      Eyewear   35.1K      Key Chains   2.3K      Tech   8.2K      Umbrellas   444          More Related Searches     Cloth Beanies    Aviator Glasses    Cashmere Wrap    Brimmed Hats    Zipping Accessories    Bar Glasses    Fringed Wrap                 Free Ground Shipping          Gucci Wide leather belt with Double G              A wide leather belt with Double G buckle, Alessandro Michele's take on the classic GG logo. Black leather Brass hardware Double G buckle 2.75" width Made in Italy Gucci belts are in Italian sizes, please refer to the belt size guide before placing an order       $990                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Ray-Ban Women's Icons 50Mm Round Metal Sunglasses - Gold/ Green              Sleek rounded frames epitomizing retro style define lightweight metallic sunglasses. Brand: RAY-BAN. Style Name:Ray-Ban Icons 50Mm Round Metal Sunglasses. Style Number: 413170. Available in stores.      $150                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          KENDALL + KYLIE Women's Priscilla 65Mm Butterfly Sunglasses - Matte Black/ Matte Red/ Black              Abstract K detailing at the temples adds signature flair to streamlined sunglasses in a modern, minimalist profile. Brand: KENDALL AND KYLIE. Style Name:Kendall + Kylie Priscilla 65Mm Butterfly Sunglasses. Style Number: 5341035. Available in stores.      $190                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Madewell Women's Softplaid Fringe Scarf              In keeping with Madewell's focus on cool, timeless essentials, this supersoft and cozy scarf features a classic plaid pattern and twisted fringe trim for a bit of swingy movement. Brand: MADEWELL. Style Name:Madewell Softplaid Fringe Scarf. Style Number: 5380312. Available in stores.      $59.50        $38.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Quay Women's 'Needing Fame' 65Mm Aviator Sunglasses - Black/ Red/ Yellow              Striking, partly translucent frames define modern oversized sunglasses that complete your look and offer full UV protection. Brand: QUAY AUSTRALIA. Style Name:Quay Australia 'Needing Fame' 65Mm Aviator Sunglasses. Style Number: 5242679_1. Available in stores.      $55        $35.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Le Specs Women's The Prince 59Mm Mirrored Rimless Aviator Sunglasses - Light Gold              Rimless, mirrored golden lenses add the Midas touch to futuristic aviator sunglasses made with spring hinges and adjustable nose pads for comfort. Brand: LE SPECS. Style Name:Le Specs The Prince 59Mm Mirrored Rimless Aviator Sunglasses. Style Number: 5375442. Available in stores.      $89        $58.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Women's Halogen Waffle Knit Cashmere Wrap              A subtle waffle knit kicks up the coziness factor of a huge, sweeping cashmere wrap. Brand: HALOGEN. Style Name:Halogen Waffle Knit Cashmere Wrap. Style Number: 5338466. Available in stores.      $189        $125.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Shwood Women's Madison 54Mm Polarized Sunglasses - Black/ Olive/ Elm/ G15 Polar              Polished tortoiseshell frames detailed with natural wood inlays distinguish stylish polarized sunglasses crafted in the USA from premium Italian acetate. Brand: SHWOOD. Style Name:Shwood Madison 54Mm Polarized Sunglasses. Style Number: 5368069. Available in stores.      $169        $112.90                 Get Sale Alert                               Illesteva Leonard Matte Mirrored Sunglasses              These Illesteva Leonard sunglasses have a tortoiseshell frame with a matte finish. Softly mirrored lenses. Hard case and soft pouch included. Round frame. Non-polarized lenses. Made in Italy. Measurements Width: 5.25in / 13.5cm Height: 2in / 5cm Lens Width: 47mm       $177                       Get Sale Alert                               Quay All My Love Sunglasses              Easy Quay sunglasses with colorful lenses set in polished metal frames. Transparent acetate tips. Soft case included. Round frame. Non-polarized lenses. Imported, China. Measurements Width: 5.5in / 14cm Height: 2in / 5.25cm Lens Width: 59mm       $60                       Get Sale Alert                               MUMU Crap Eyewear ~ The Wild Gift ~ Gloss White with Grey Lenses              Size: *Bridge: 21mm *Eye: 49mm *Stems: 139mm *Fit: Standard Materials: *Lens: CR-39 with 100% UVA/UVB protection (UV 400) *Frame: Injection molded polycarbonate *Hardware: Five-barrel metal hinges We love Crap, no not crap, but Crap...Crap Eyewear, duh. Founded by some beach rats and based in LA these super chill sunnies will def get you noticed.       $58                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          BP Women's Heritage Houndstooth Square Scarf              Contemporary and classic sensibilities pair up on this soft and stylish scarf patterned in bright rainbow stripes and crisp houndstooth checks. Brand: BP. Style Name:Bp Heritage Houndstooth Square Scarf. Style Number: 5365816. Available in stores.      $29        $18.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Ray-Ban Round Metal in Metallic Gold.              Ray-Ban Round Metal in Metallic Gold. Ray-Ban Round Metal in Metallic Gold. Metal frames. 50-21-145 in mm. Includes leather case. RAYB-UG26. RB3447 001 50-21. Founded in 1937, the house of Ray Ban has maintained its devotion to quality and technology, which has helped to establish the brand's legacy of authenticity. From designing for US army pilots, to mass production, Ray Ban has always offered technologically advanced lenses for protecting the eyes while showing off style. Without a doubt, Ray Ban is still the best selling sunglasses brand in the world.      $150                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Women's Halogen Straw Panama Hat - Beige              A bold black band circles a breezy Panama hat woven in natural paper straw. Brand: HALOGEN. Style Name:Halogen Straw Panama Hat. Style Number: 5003356. Available in stores.      $39                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Saint Laurent D-frame Acetate Sunglasses - Black              Saint Laurent's effortlessly cool sunglasses have been made in Italy from black acetate in an oversized D-frame silhouette. They're designed with silver hardware and dark lenses that offer UV protection. Store this flattering pair in the leather soft case on overcast days. -- Black acetate- Come in a designer-stamped leather soft case- 100% UV protection- Made in Italy      $304                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping          Ray-Ban 50MM Round Sunglasses              Classic round silhouette crafted from lightweight metal featuring cool tinted lenses. .50mm lens width; 21mm bridge width; 145mm temple length.100% UV protection. Metal. Made in Italy.      $150                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $50+ & FR          Quay X Jasmine Sanders Indio Metal Sunglasses              Catch rays the babely way in these oversized metal sunglasses designed in collaboration by Jasmine Sanders + Australian eyewear brand, Quay. Round aviators in a polished metal frame with reflective flash lenses. Finished with padded nose bridge + 100% UV protection. Metal, plastic Wipe clean Imported Size Width: 5.91" Height: 2.36" Nose gap: 0.79"       $65                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping + Return          Yohji Yamamoto Open Cotton Gauze Jumpsuit With Hat              Non-detachable hoot with visor. Long sleeves. No closure. Elastic cuffs and hem. Form fitting jumpsuit in image not included. Sample size: II      $2,522        $1,261                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Treasure & Bond Women's Heritage Plaid Blanket Wrap              A cozy blanket wrap trimmed in eyelash fringe balances modern and vintage styles with a bold plaid in classic colors.When you buy Treasure & Bond, Nordstrom will donate 2.5% of net sales to organizations that work to empower youth. Brand: TREASURE AND BOND. Style Name:Treasure & Bond Heritage Plaid Blanket Wrap. Style Number: 5338027. Available in stores.      $45        $29.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Ray-Ban Women's 51Mm Hexagonal Flat Lens Sunglasses - Metal Gold/ Green              Chic flat lens sunglasses crafted in Italy make a timeless and sophisticated style statement, while adjustable nose pads ensure custom comfort. Brand: RAY-BAN. Style Name:Ray-Ban 51Mm Hexagonal Flat Lens Sunglasses. Style Number: 5225066. Available in stores.      $150                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Quay Women's Vivienne 64Mm Aviator Sunglasses - Black/ Smoke              Oversized aviator sunglasses instantly glam up any look. This pair is classically styled with a double bridge and adjustable nose pads for no-slip wear. Brand: QUAY AUSTRALIA. Style Name:Quay Australia Vivienne 64Mm Aviator Sunglasses. Style Number: 5217508. Available in stores.      $60                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Tory Burch Women's Modern-T 54Mm Gradient Cat Eye Sunglasses - Black/ Polar              A puzzle-piece 'T' logo detail brands the hinges of gradient-lens sunglasses in a chic cat-eye silhouette. Brand: TORY BURCH. Style Name:Tory Burch Modern-T 54Mm Gradient Cat Eye Sunglasses. Style Number: 5367908. Available in stores.      $215        $143.90                 Get Sale Alert                               Gucci Glittered Oversized Rectangular Universal-Fit Sunglasses, Black/Green/Red              Gucci oversized, rectangular sunglasses in acetate. Lens/bridge/temple (in mm): 54-20-140. Gradient lenses; logo embossing at right. Interlocking GG detail at temples. Chunky, glittered web arms. 100% UVA/UVB protection. Can be fitted with prescription lenses. Made in Italy.      $360                       Get Sale Alert                               Quay x Desi Perkins High Key Sunglasses              A collaboration between Quay and makeup artist Desi Perkins. Flat-lens Quay sunglasses in polished aviator frames with mirrored lenses. Soft pouch included. Aviator frame. Non-polarized lenses. Imported, China. Measurements Width: 6in / 15.5cm Height: 2.5in / 6.5cm Lens Width: 642mm       $65                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping + Return          The Spencer Wide Brimmed Boater Hat              Grosgrain hat band . Wide brim      $166                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Quay Women's 'Needing Fame' 65Mm Aviator Sunglasses - Black/ Smoke              Striking, partly translucent frames define modern oversized sunglasses that complete your look and offer full UV protection. Brand: QUAY AUSTRALIA. Style Name:Quay Australia 'Needing Fame' 65Mm Aviator Sunglasses. Style Number: 5242679. Available in stores.      $55                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Ground Shipping          Gucci Crocodile belt with double G buckle              A black crocodile belt with our new double G buckle. Black crocodile Antiqued brass hardware with a shiny finish Double G buckle 1.5" width Made in Italy Gucci belts are in Italian sizes, please refer to the belt size guide before placing an order.       $420                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $99+          GUESS Eye Candy Cat Eye Sunglasses              With a matte finish at the arms, these cat-eye sunglasses give true retro vibes featuring high-shine accents at the sides and bridge.      $78                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Ray-Ban Women's Standard Original 58Mm Aviator Sunglasses - Black              Classic aviator sunglasses make a timeless and sophisticated style statement, while adjustable nose pads ensure custom comfort. Brand: RAY-BAN. Style Name:Ray-Ban Standard Original 58Mm Aviator Sunglasses. Style Number: 535689. Available in stores.      $150                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Ship & Free Return          Raen Ashtray Fashion Sunglasses              Add retro chic to your style equation with the RAEN Optics Ashtray sunglasses! ; Collaboration with Alex Knost. ; Complimentary to square and oval faces. ; Handcrafted Zyl Acetate frame. ; Carl Zeiss Vision CR-39 lenses. ; 100% UVA, UVB protection. ; Comes with custom Luxury Wig case and cleaning cloth. ; Imported. Measurements: ; Eye Size: 51 mm ; Bridge: 18 1 2 mm ; Temple Size: 149 mm ; Weight: 1.6 oz ; This product may have a manufacturer's warranty. Please visit the manufacturer's website or contact us at for full manufacturer warranty details.      $135                       Get Sale Alert                               Ahlem white gold concorde              Concorde White . .      $456                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Ship $50+ & Free Returns          Quay Paradiso Sunglasses in Petal              Move over, rose-colored glasses - these cat-eye shades from Quay Australia make any place feel like a stylin' utopia, especially while you're scoping out the scene through their mirrored black lenses hugged by matte pink frames!      $49.99        $39.99                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          KENDALL + KYLIE Jules in Black.              KENDALL + KYLIE Jules in Black. KENDALL + KYLIE Jules in Black. Metal and acetate frames. UV protection. 58-20-135 in mm. KENR-WG5. KK 5005. The Kendall + Kylie collection offers clean and crisp pieces that are both fashion-forward and modern. The line fuses Kendall's refined feminine style and Kylies dynamic edgy streetwear in a mostly monochromatic color palette with pale pink and blue accents. The latest Kendall + Kylie collection is a true reflection of the Jenner sister's lifestyle and fashion tastes.      $150                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $50+ & FR          Urban Outfitters Charlie Metal Round Sunglasses              Classically cool '60s-inspired style gets a modern update with these sleek round sunnies. Featuring a shiny metal frame with inner plastic rims. Complete with padded nose bridge + 100% UVA/UVB protection. Plastic, brass Wipe clean Made in the USA WARNING: This product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.       $16                       Get Sale Alert                               Quay Needing Fame Sunglasses              Lightweight metal Quay aviator sunglasses accented with matte trim. Soft pouch included. Aviator frame. Non-polarized lenses. Imported, China. Measurements Width: 6in / 15cm Height: 2.25in / 6cm Lens Width: 60mm       $55                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $50+ & FR          Urban Outfitters Madeline Metal Round Sunglasses              The details make the difference with these timelessly retro-inspired round sunnies. Featuring a sleek metal frame with tortoiseshell rimming at temples. Finished with padded nose bridge, gradient lenses + 100% UVA/UVB protection. Metal, plastic Wipe clean Imported WARNING: This product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.       $16                       Get Sale Alert                               Quay All My Love Sunglasses              Flat-lens Quay sunglasses with slim, polished frames. Mirrored lenses. Soft pouch included. Cateye frame. Non-polarized lenses. Imported, China. Measurements Width: 5.5in / 14cm Height: 2in / 5cm Lens Width: 56mm       $60                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping & Returns          Brixton Women's Fiddler Faux Suede Cap - Black              A faux suede cap that adds a dash of borrowed-from-the-boys style to your look is finished with braided trim and custom logo hardware. Brand: BRIXTON. Style Name:Brixton Fiddler Faux Suede Cap. Style Number: 5367456. Available in stores.      $48        $31.90                 Get Sale Alert                      Extra 40% Off          BCBGMAXAZRIA Butterfly-Front Buckle Belt              This sweet butterfly belt will frame your figure with undeniably chic charm. Wide leatherette waist belt. Allover crocodile-embossed detail. Butterfly front with dual buckle embellishments. Adjustable closure at back. Faux leather. Imported.      $68        $18.99                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Ground Shipping          Gucci Sylvie Web belt with double G buckle              A Sylvie Web belt, finished with the Double G buckle. The hardware was inspired by an archival design from the 70s-a hallmark era of the House. Blue, red and white Sylvie Web with white leather detail Antique brass hardware Double G buckle Hip or waist belt 1.5" width Made in Italy Gucci belts are in Italian sizes, please refer to the belt size guide before placing an order.       $395                       Get Sale Alert                                      Information   About  Advertising  Careers  Contact  FAQ    Partner   Affiliate Program  Partner With Us  Blog  Ebates    Shopping Guide   Brands  Terms (Updated 4/3/2017)  Privacy     Connect                    ©2017 ShopStyle Inc.  Popsugar Style • ShopStyle                              Peter Grimm Women's Hats - ShopStyle                      us        us       uk       fr       au       de       ca       jp       cn      Int'l Ship   Currency         Login   or   Signup                      Women       Bags       Shoes       Beauty       Jewellery       Men       Kids       Home      Blog       Featured Looks                Peter Grimm Women's Hats   145 Products           Save This Search          Brands  1              Top Brands       Eugenia Kim        Forever 21        Janessa Leone        Maison Michel        Rag & Bone       Selected Brands       Peter Grimm           Clear Brands        Stores                        Colors                Red      Orange      Green      Blue      Purple      Pink      Black      White      Gray      Beige      Brown             Price                     Sales & Deals           Sales       On Sale        30%        40%                Condition                  New        Preowned               Sort                 Relevance       Lowest Price       Highest Price       Most Popular       Most Favorites       Newest                     ×           Related Searches:    Peter Grimm Hats             All  /    Women    /     Clothing    /     Accessories              Belts   0      Eyewear   0      Gift Cards   0      Gifts   0      Gloves   0      Hats   145      Key Chains   0      Scarves & Wraps   0      Tech   0      Umbrellas   0                    Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Erin Floppy Hat              This Peter Grimm floppy hat accentuates your fashionable style. PRODUCT FEATURES Sweatband lining Grommet accent Floppy design Elasticized band Packable Polyester, paper Spot clean Imported 1.5-in. brim       $30                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Women's Zima Wool Panama Hat              Sleek and stylish, this women's Peter Grimm Panama hat features a tie accent. PRODUCT FEATURES Wool construction Elasti-fit band Wool Spot clean Imported 4-in. brim       $50                       Get Sale Alert                      Extra 20% Off + FS: JULY17          Peter Grimm Loli Straw Hat              Complete any charming look with the Peter Grimm Loli Straw Hat. Simple fabric band Woven out of panama straw One size fits most.      $51.95                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Janet Resort Hat              This floppy Peter Grimm resort hat is simply perfect for lazy days spent leisurely basking in the summertime sun. PRODUCT FEATURES Striped & knotted band Grommet accent Packable design 5-in. brim Elasti-fit inner band Polyester Spot clean Imported       $35                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Tokyo Fedora              This Peter Grimm fedora is feminine and fashionable with the large satin ribbon gathered detail. PRODUCT FEATURES Fedora design with satin ribbon accent Wire brim Grommet accent Elasticized band Paper Spot clean Imported 3.5-in. brim       $35                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Sol Life Guard Hat              Relaxed, resort-ready style is all yours with this Peter Grimm life guard hat. PRODUCT FEATURES Faux-leather band, trim & chin strap with toggle Grommet accent Woven design 6.5-in. brim Elasti-fit inner band Paper Spot clean Imported       $30                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Women's Tavin Radial Panama Hat              This Peter Grimm women's hat features a radial Panama design to shield your eyes from the sun. HAT FEATURES Tie cord accent Straw construction Wire brim Elastic-fit band UV-protection Paper Spot clean Imported 3.25-in. brim       $30                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Women's Chaco Wool Panama Hat              The sleek Panama design and ribbon accent give this women's Peter Grimm hat a fresh take on style. PRODUCT FEATURES Elasti-fit band Wool Spot clean Imported 2.75-in. brim       $50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Pike Sun Protection Panama Hat              This breathable Peter Grimm Panama hat offers sun protection with a mesh design. PRODUCT FEATURES Leather cords with toggle accents Grommet accent Mesh accents Elasticized band UV protection Crushable/packable Polyester, paper Spot clean Imported 4.5-in. brim       $35                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Alder Life Guard Hat              With its extra-wide brim and practical chin strap, this Peter Grimm hat is perfect for leisurely basking in the warm summer sun. PRODUCT FEATURES Rope band & chin strap with sliding bead Grommet accent Woven design 4.5-in. brim Elasti-fit inner band Braided wheat Spot clean Imported       $45                       Get Sale Alert                      Extra 20% Off + FS: JULY17          Peter Grimm Starla              Shield your eyes from the blinding sunlight with the Peter Grimm Starla visor. Made with utmost precision using 100% natural fiber, this hat is lightweight and comfortable enough to be worn all day long. You can wear this visor with most outfits. The fit of this visor can be adjusted with the band. This UV-protected visor ensures that the harmful sun rays do not damage your eyes. You can wear this Starla visor by Peter Grimm for a variety of outdoor events.      $27.95                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Women's Sacson Faux-Suede Hat              Lend a stylish touch to your look with this women's Peter Grimm hat. HAT FEATURES Faux-leather outer band with fringe, bead & chain accents Leaf charms Elasti-fit inner band Faux suede Spot clean Imported 3.25-in. brim       $40                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Maxton Wool Felt Hat              Accentuate your casual look with this stylish women's felt hat from Peter Grimm. HAT FEATURES Buckle accent on outer band Back grommet accent Elasti-fit inner band Wool Spot clean Imported 3.25-in. brim       $55                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Rowdy Cheetah Cowboy Hat              Go wild for style wearing this Peter Grimm cowboy hat. In tan. PRODUCT FEATURES Custom bandana lining Wire brim Hidden pocket Grommet accent Elasticized band Cheetah design Coated straw Spot clean Imported 3.5-in. brim       $50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm So Cal Life Guard Oversized Cowboy Hat              This Peter Grimm oversized cowboy hat keeps you fashionable for all your outdoor occasions. In brown. PRODUCT FEATURES Oversized cowboy design UPF 50+ certified UV protection Grommet accent Chin tie with toggle Elasticized band Straw Spot clean Imported 4.5-in. brim       $30                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Giva Fedora              This cool and casual resort hat from Peter Grimm is all about lounging in style. PRODUCT FEATURES Colorful, chevron-striped band Back grommet accent Woven design 3-in. brim Elasti-fit inner band Paper Spot clean Imported       $50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Women's Straw Cowboy Hat              Proudly strut your stuff in this straw cowboy hat from Peter Grimm. HAT FEATURES Elasti-fit band Breathable grommets Chain with rhinestones & heart accent Straw Spot clean Imported 3-in. brim       $35                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Reagan Resort Hat              Relax in style wearing this cool and casual felt hat from Peter Grimm. HAT FEATURES Tropical design Lining under brim Elasti-fit inner band Straw Spot clean Imported 3.25-in. brim       $40                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Feli Resort Hat              Round out your classic summertime wardrobe with this soft Peter Grimm resort hat. PRODUCT FEATURES Braided faux-leather decorative band Grommet accent Soft, packable design 3-in. brim Elasti-fit inner band Linen & cotton Spot clean Imported       $30                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Women's Glenda Floppy Hat              This women's floppy hat by Peter Grimm features a stylish tie cord and ribbon design. PRODUCT FEATURES Ribbon tie cord Floppy radial design Elasti-fit band Packable Provides UV-protection Polyester Spot clean Imported 4-in. brim       $30                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Lennox Diagonal Stripe Trapper Hat              This women's trapper hat from Peter Grimm will keep you comfy, cozy and casual. HAT FEATURES Faux-fur lining Button accents Chin toggle Wool, polyester Spot clean Imported       $50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Beta Wool Felt Hat              Complete your look with the cool and casual style of this women's felt hat from Peter Grimm. HAT FEATURES Braided faux-leather cord with tie detail Floppy styling Back grommet accent Elasti-fit inner band Wool Spot clean Imported 3.75-in. brim       $50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Silvana Wool Felt Hat              You'll absolutely love the cool and casual style of this Peter Grimm hat. HAT FEATURES Tribal design Back grommet accent Elasti-fit inner band Wool Spot clean Imported 3-in. brim       $55                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Joni Felt Hat              Accentuate your fashionable style with this women's felt hat from Peter Grimm. HAT FEATURES Braided faux-leather cord Grommet accent Elasti-fit band Polyester Spot clean Imported 3.75-in. brim       $30                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Ariel Straw Cowboy Hat              Featuring colored tie accents, this Peter Grimm cowboy hat is all about styling fashionable. PRODUCT FEATURES Woven cowboy design Grommet accent Colorful tie accents Elasticized band Straw Spot clean Imported 3.5-in. brim       $35                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Anita Straw Fedora              This Peter Grimm hat keeps your look edgy with the fedora design. PRODUCT FEATURES Fedora design Grommet accent Packable Elasticized band Tie accent Paper Spot clean Imported 2-in. brim       $30                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Women's Patriot American Flag Straw Cowboy Hat              Showcase your patriotism wearing this women's Peter Grimm American flag straw cowboy h PRODUCT FEATURES Cowboy styling American flag design Hidden interior pocket Straw construction Elasti-fit band Straw Spot clean Imported 3.5-in. brim       $50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Women's Golda Wool Panama Hat              Braided dangling tie accents give this women's Peter Grimm Panama hat fashionable flair. PRODUCT FEATURES Braided dangling tie accents Wool construction Elasti-fit band Wool Spot clean Imported 3.25-in. brim       $55                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Bridget Wool Felt Hat              Add a fashionable touch to any outfit with this stylish hat from Peter Grimm. HAT FEATURES Feather accents on outer band Back grommet accent Elasti-fit inner band Wool Spot clean Imported 3-in. brim       $60                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Coralia Floppy Hat              Embrace the relaxing style of this floppy hat from Peter Grimm. HAT FEATURES Packable design Elasti-fit band Chin cord with bead accents Paper, cotton Spot clean Imported 4.5-in. brim       $35                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Bodhi Lifeguard Hat              Keep your look casual with this women's straw hat from Peter Grimm. HAT FEATURES Adjustable chin cord Matching trim & outer band Elasti-fit inner band Straw Spot clean Imported 4.5-in. brim       $40                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Women's Caspian Wool Panama Hat              Enjoy a bit of extravagant style when you don this women's Panama hat from Peter Grimm. HAT FEATURES Faux-leather tie accent Elastic band Wool Spot clean Imported 3.25-in. brim       $45                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Santiago Panama Hat              You'll maintain cool style when shaded by this Santiago Panama hat from Peter Grimm. HAT FEATURES Packable Elasti-fit band Ribbon accent Spot clean Imported 3.5-in. brim       $45                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Luke Fedora              Pop your bottles easily with this Peter Grimm fedora which features a removable bottle opener for convenience. PRODUCT FEATURES Fedora design Removable bottle opener on belt Grommet accent Elasticized band Paper Spot clean Imported 2-in. brim       $35                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Grazi Drifter Open Weave Cowboy Hat              With its loose, open-weave construction and classic braided faux-leather band, this Peter Grimm cowboy hat is all about traditional style. PRODUCT FEATURES Braided faux-leather decorative band Grommet accent Faux-leather chin cord with sliding bead Open-weave design 3-in. brim Elasti-fit inner band Paper Spot clean Imported       $45                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Festi Drifter Stars & Stripes Cowboy Hat              Wear your true colors with pride when you sport this distressed stars and stripes cowboy hat from Peter Grimm. PRODUCT FEATURES Distressed stars & stripes design Hidden pocket Grommet accent Woven construction 3-in. brim Elasti-fit inner band Paper Spot clean Imported       $50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Flint Rhinestone Cowboy Hat              Get the dazzle you crave with this Peter Grimm cowboy hat. PRODUCT FEATURES Cowboy design Rhinestone wrap belt with heart buckle Grommet accent Elasticized band Wire brim Hidden pocket Paper Spot clean Imported 3.5-in. brim       $45                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Majority Fedora              Complete your look effortlessly with this stylish Peter Grimm fedora. HAT FEATURES Ribbon accent Sun protection Elasti-fit band Woven design Paper Spot clean Imported 2-in. brim       $40                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Women's Christi Floppy Hat              This floppy hat from Peter Grimm makes the perfect finishing touch for your warm-weather looks. HAT FEATURES Sun protection Packable design Elasti-fit band Tie accents with beads Paper Spot clean Imported 4.25-in. brim       $40                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $75+          Peter Grimm Women's Summer Resort Bucket Hat              This Peter Grim Panama hat features a hidden wire trim so you can style the edges. HAT FEATURES Floral under-brim Ties with circle accents Packable design Cotton Spot clean Imported 3.5-in. brim       $30                       Get Sale Alert                                      Information   About  Advertising  Careers  Contact  FAQ    Partner   Affiliate Program  Partner With Us  Blog  Ebates    Shopping Guide   Brands  Terms (Updated 4/3/2017)  Privacy     Connect                    ©2017 ShopStyle Inc.  Popsugar Style • ShopStyle           


Peter  Mainz - Raleigh, NC | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Peter  Mainz in Raleigh, NC


Peter  Mainz

                                                                           Intelius found that Peter  Mainz  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Raleigh, NC.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Peter  Mainz is in his 50s

Peter Has Lived In

Raleigh, NC
Durham, SC
Uniontown, PA

Peter's Relatives

Sandra Mainz







Peter  Mainz



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer and President at Sensus GmbH



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Peter? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Peter, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Peter  Mainz
Get a Criminal Check on Peter  Mainz
Get a Public Record Report on Peter  Mainz
Get a People Search Report on Peter  Mainz


Peter  Mainz's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Peter  Mainz has lived as well as Peter  Mainz's phone numbers and email addresses.




Peter  Mainz Has Lived in 5 States
North Carolina Address for Peter  Mainz


1320 C****** L* 

Raleigh, NC


Has Lived In

Raleigh, NC
Durham, SC


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Peter  Mainz

(919) ***-**** - Raleigh, NC 
(270) ***-**** - Russellville, KY 
(724) ***-**** - Uniontown, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Peter  Mainz

p*********z@***.com
p*********z@***.com
i**t@***.com


Get Email Report




Peter  Mainz's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Peter  Mainz's academic history.  Find out which schools Peter  Mainz attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Peter  Mainz received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Peter  Mainz Has Attended 2 Schools
Texas A&M University Peter  Mainz has a Master of Business Administration (m.b.a.) in International Finance               
Johannes Kepler Universität Linz                              Peter  Mainz has a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science and Business Administration               


Peter  Mainz's Professional Information
Information regarding Peter  Mainz's professional history.  Find out previous places Peter  Mainz has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Peter  Mainz Has Worked at 12 Places
Company: Sensus GmbH
               Title: Chief Executive Officer and President
Company: Sensus GmbH
               Title: Project Manager
Peter  Mainz's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer and President
               Company: Sensus GmbH
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil. Sensus helps a wide range of public service providers-from utilities to cities to industrial complexes and campuses-do more with their infrastructure to improve quality of life in their communities. We enable our customers to reach farther through the application of technology and data-driven insights that deliver efficiency and responsiveness. We partner with them to anticipate and respond to evolving business needs with innovation in sensing and communications technologies, data analytics and services.
Title: Project Manager
               Company: Sensus GmbH
Job Details
               Company Size: $500 mil to less than $1 bil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Additional Professional Information on Peter  Mainz

 See Peter  Mainz's LinkedIn Profile



Peter  Mainz's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Peter  Mainz


Peter  Mainz's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Peter  Mainz's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Peter Mainz
Username Matches

                  PeterMainz
                  MainzPeter
                  Peter.Mainz
                  Mainz.Peter
                  Peter_Mainz
                  Mainz_Peter
                  Peter-Mainz
                  Mainz-Peter
                  PMainz
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
P Mainz







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 



Itron Appoints Jerome J. Lande and Peter Mainz to Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































Itron Appoints Jerome J. Lande and Peter Mainz to Board of Directors




Announces Cooperation Agreement with Coppersmith Capital Management 
      and Scopia Capital Management






December 10, 2015 11:47 AM Eastern Standard Time



LIBERTY LAKE, Wash.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Itron, Inc. (NASDAQ: ITRI), a world-leading technology and services 
      company dedicated to the resourceful use of energy and water, today 
      announced that it has reached a cooperation agreement with Coppersmith 
      Capital Management LLC and Scopia Capital Management LP under which two 
      directors will be added to the Itron Board of Directors. Jerome Lande, 
      managing partner of Coppersmith, has been appointed effective 
      immediately, and Peter Mainz, a candidate identified by Coppersmith and 
      approved by the board of directors, has been appointed effective Jan. 1, 
      2016.
    


      Lande will serve as a Class 1 director with a term expiring at the 2017 
      Annual Meeting. Mainz will serve as a Class 2 director with a term 
      expiring at the 2018 Annual Meeting. Both directors will stand for 
      election at the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
    

      The Company also announced that, pursuant to the cooperation agreement, 
      it has formed a Value Enhancement Committee to review, study and develop 
      potential initiatives (including transactions) designed to create 
      durable, sustainable long-term shareholder value. The committee will be 
      comprised of Lande, Mainz and three additional incumbent independent 
      directors: Jon E. Eliassen, chairman of the Itron Board, and Directors 
      Gary Pruitt and Diana D. Tremblay. Pruitt will chair the committee.
    

      “We welcome Jerome and Peter to the board and believe their addition 
      represents a constructive outcome for Itron and all Itron shareholders. 
      Our entire board and management team are moving forward fully focused on 
      delivering on our strategic initiatives, driving performance and 
      creating value for shareholders," said Eliassen.
    

      “Itron has a number of important initiatives underway and we look 
      forward to working together with Jerome and Peter to continue executing 
      on our plan and to consider additional means to reduce costs, realize 
      growth opportunities and unlock the value inherent in Itron as a 
      world-leading technology and services company,” said Philip Mezey, Itron 
      President and Chief Executive Officer.
    

      “We are pleased to have reached an agreement to bring new perspective 
      and shareholder representation to the Itron Board of Directors. We look 
      forward to working with the board and management team to advance the 
      Company’s efforts through existing and new initiatives in support of our 
      shared goal of enhancing shareholder value,” said Lande.
    

      In connection with the cooperation agreement, the Itron Board of 
      Directors will initially include 14 directors upon the appointment of 
      Lande and Mainz. However, the board will be reduced to 13 members not 
      later than the 2016 Annual Meeting and reduced to 12 members not later 
      than the 2017 Annual Meeting. Pursuant to the cooperation agreement, 
      Coppersmith and Scopia Capital have agreed to abide by certain customary 
      standstill and voting provisions.
    

      The complete cooperation agreement among Itron, Coppersmith and Scopia 
      Capital will be included as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K, 
      which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in the 
      ordinary course.
    

About Jerome J. Lande


      Jerome J. Lande (Age 39) is the managing partner of Coppersmith Capital 
      which he co−founded in April 2012. Previously, Lande was a partner at 
      MCM Capital Management, LLC (“MCM”), from January 2006 until February 
      2012, and served as an executive vice president at MCM from January 2005 
      until he left the company. MCM was the general partner of MMI 
      Investments, L.P., a small−cap deep value fund where Lande was 
      responsible for all areas of portfolio management. He served as a vice 
      president of MCM from February 2002 to January 2005 and as an associate 
      from January 1999 to February 2002. Lande served as corporate 
      development officer of Key Components, Inc., a global diversified 
      industrial manufacturer that was formerly an SEC reporting company, from 
      January 1999 until its acquisition by Actuant Corporation in February 
      2004. Lande holds a B.A. from Cornell University.
    

About Peter Mainz


      Peter Mainz (Age 51) has more than 20 years of financial and 
      communication systems business expertise that includes deep operational 
      and commercial executive leadership experience. Most recently, Mainz 
      served as president, chief executive officer and a director of Sensus, a 
      global solutions company offering smart meters, communications systems, 
      software and services for the electric, gas and water industries, which 
      was created as the result of a private equity spin out of a division of 
      Invensys plc. Prior to that, he served as the chief financial officer of 
      Sensus and later was appointed as the executive vice president of 
      operations. Prior to Sensus, he served as vice president of finance for 
      various economic zones for Invensys plc. He also previously held 
      executive roles at IBM and Schlumberger. Mainz holds a B.S. in Business 
      Administration and Computer Science from Johannes Kepler University Linz 
      in Austria and an MBA from Texas A&M University.
    

About Itron


      Itron is a world-leading technology and services company dedicated to 
      the resourceful use of energy and water. We provide comprehensive 
      solutions that measure, manage and analyze energy and water. Our broad 
      product portfolio includes electricity, gas, water and thermal energy 
      measurement devices and control technology; communications systems; 
      software; as well as managed and consulting services. With thousands of 
      employees supporting nearly 8,000 customers in more than 100 countries, 
      Itron applies knowledge and technology to better manage energy and water 
      resources. Together, we can create a more resourceful world. Join us: www.itron.com.
    

      Itron® is a registered trademark of Itron, Inc.
    

Forward Looking Statements


      This release contains forward-looking statements concerning our 
      expectations about operations, financial performance, sales, earnings 
      and cash flows. These statements reflect our current plans and 
      expectations and are based on information currently available. The 
      statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be 
      inaccurate, and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could 
      cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated. 
      Risks and uncertainties include the rate and timing of customer demand 
      for our products, rescheduling of current customer orders, changes in 
      estimated liabilities for product warranties, changes in laws and 
      regulations, our dependence on new product development and intellectual 
      property, future acquisitions, changes in estimates for stock-based and 
      bonus compensation, increasing volatility in foreign exchange rates, 
      international business risks and other factors that are more fully 
      described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 
      31, 2014 and other reports on file with the Securities and Exchange 
      Commission. Itron undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise 
      any forward-looking statements, including our business outlook.
    




Contacts

Itron, Inc.Sharelynn Moore, 509-891-3524Vice 
      President, Corporate Marketing and Public Affairssharelynn.moore@itron.comorBarbara 
      Doyle, 509-891-3443Vice President, Investor Relationsbarbara.doyle@itron.com














Release Summary
Itron has reached a cooperation agreement with Coppersmith Capital Management LLC and Scopia Capital Management LP under which two directors will be added to the Itron Board of Directors.







Contacts

Itron, Inc.Sharelynn Moore, 509-891-3524Vice 
      President, Corporate Marketing and Public Affairssharelynn.moore@itron.comorBarbara 
      Doyle, 509-891-3443Vice President, Investor Relationsbarbara.doyle@itron.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















St. Peter's Church, Mainz - Wikipedia






















 






St. Peter's Church, Mainz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



St. Peter's Church
(Peterskirche)



St. Peter's Church from the southwest



General information


Architectural style
Rococo


Town or city
Mainz


Country
Germany


Construction started
1749


St. Peter's Church (in German Peterskirche) is located beneath Deutschhaus Mainz in the northwest of the historical center of Mainz, Germany. It is the one of the most important rococo buildings in Mainz. Originally it was a collegiate church monastery of ″St. Peter before the walls″, which had existed since the 10th century and is dedicated to the apostle Peter as patron. Today it serves as a parish church for the parish of St. Peter / St. Emmeran.



Contents


1 History of the collegiate
2 The building
3 Recent additions
4 References
5 Literature
6 External links



History of the collegiate[edit]




General view via Ernst-Ludwig-Platz to the north-west-façade






Interior of St. Peter's


The collegiate was founded 944 by archbishop Frederick north of the city wall. Collegiates were key administrative units, on which the archbishop relied. The provosts, the head of the collegiate, each led an archdeacon.
Due to its location before the gates, the collegiate was completely destroyed by Swedish attacks 1631 in the Thirty Years' War. , and is to be seen on the north side portal of Saint Peter as paintings, 1631 at the Swedish attacks completely destroyed.[1] At the behest of Archbishop Johann Philipp von Schönborn a reconstruction was not considered. For over a century the collegiate community had no own building. It was only in 1749 Archbishop Johann Friedrich Karl von Ostein decided for a new building. The collegiate was moved to its present location near the palace church St. Gangolph, later vanished in the Napoleonic era. At this location there was previously a romanesque church, the so-called ″Odenmünster″ or ″St. Mari underm Münster″. This has not been used since 1724 and was left to decay.
The construction of the new St. Peter's Church lasted from 1749 to 1756/57, and was carried out in the context of the valorisation of the bleaching district (Bleichenviertel). The church was consecrated 2 May 1756 by Archbishop Johann Friedrich Karl von Ostein.[2] With the beginning of secularization, the collegiate was repealed on 4 July 1802. Due to the fact that Mainz Cathedral lay partially in ruins St. Peter's was chosen for the inauguration of bishop Joseph Ludwig Colmar in 1803.[3]
The building[edit]
The present building of St. Peter's is a baroque hall (three bays) with double onion dome tower façade by architect Johann Valentin Thoman.[4] Until 1762 the church was completed yet. Under French occupation, the church became a stable in 1813. When the control of the Fortress of Mainz passed to the German Confederation it became the garrison church of the Prussian garrison parts, which it remained until 1918. Then it was dedicated a parish church. In 1872 Ferdinand Becker painted an altarpiece for the church.
St. Peter had survived the first major air raid on Mainz in August 1942. The second serious attack on Mainz in autumn 1944 had significantly worse consequences. The South Tower was hit by a high explosive bomb and fell onto the nave, where it hit a big hole in the vault. The north tower, the choir room and large parts of the nave, however, were undamaged.
On 27 February 1945, Mainz was almost completely destroyed by air raids with incendiary bombs. St. Peter's Church lost its tower façade, the nave was burnt out. Until 1952 the church was provisionary repaired, so that it could be used by the community. In 1959 the reconstruction began. In 1961, the twin towers were restored to the original. After years of restoration from 1973 to 1989, the church was returned to the parish. During this period the ceiling frescos were created new by Karl Manninger according to old photographs.
The decoration of the church was much irretrievably lost in the original, most notably the organ, the ceiling frescoes from 1755 by Joseph Ignaz Appiani, showing the life and work of St. Peter, and the choir stalls. The great baroque altars, stucco decoration and the most valuable piece of equipment, the great pulpit of Johannes Förster, were not destroyed.
Recent additions[edit]
A modern altar of the artist Gernot Rumpf was added recently. It refers to the ″fisher of men″ Peter with a net. Herein, frolicking fish that turn out as people on closer inspection - even one of them with a fool's cap thereunder. The same artist also created the ambo and the Paschal candle. At the 50th anniversary of the death of Father Franz Adam Landvogt, who was pastor at St. Peter, a bronze statue of Karlheinz Oswald was erected in the Landvogt crypt in October 2003.
References[edit]



^ Franz Werner, Der Dom von Mainz und seine Denkmäler, published by Müller, 1827
^ Martina Rommel, Elmar Rettinger, Mainz - Stift Alt-St.Peter. In: Klöster und Stifte in Rheinland-Pfalz (digital)
^ Martina Rommel, Elmar Rettinger, Mainz - Stift Alt-St.Peter. In: Klöster und Stifte in Rheinland-Pfalz
^ St. Peter's - A church with late-baroque elegance (digital)



Literature[edit]

Wilhelm Jung: St. Peter in Mainz. Ehemals Stifts- und Pfarrkirche, Mainz, 1989

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to St. Peter (Mainz).



Interior on the web page of the parish

Coordinates: 50°00′17″N 8°16′12″E﻿ / ﻿50.004722°N 8.27°E﻿ / 50.004722; 8.27




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=St._Peter%27s_Church,_Mainz&oldid=750306327"					
Categories: Roman Catholic churches in MainzRococo architecture of Germany18th-century Roman Catholic church buildingsRoman Catholic churches completed in 1757Hidden categories: Coordinates on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançaisItalianoNederlands 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 November 2016, at 00:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









St. Peter's Church, Mainz - Wikipedia






















 






St. Peter's Church, Mainz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



St. Peter's Church
(Peterskirche)



St. Peter's Church from the southwest



General information


Architectural style
Rococo


Town or city
Mainz


Country
Germany


Construction started
1749


St. Peter's Church (in German Peterskirche) is located beneath Deutschhaus Mainz in the northwest of the historical center of Mainz, Germany. It is the one of the most important rococo buildings in Mainz. Originally it was a collegiate church monastery of ″St. Peter before the walls″, which had existed since the 10th century and is dedicated to the apostle Peter as patron. Today it serves as a parish church for the parish of St. Peter / St. Emmeran.



Contents


1 History of the collegiate
2 The building
3 Recent additions
4 References
5 Literature
6 External links



History of the collegiate[edit]




General view via Ernst-Ludwig-Platz to the north-west-façade






Interior of St. Peter's


The collegiate was founded 944 by archbishop Frederick north of the city wall. Collegiates were key administrative units, on which the archbishop relied. The provosts, the head of the collegiate, each led an archdeacon.
Due to its location before the gates, the collegiate was completely destroyed by Swedish attacks 1631 in the Thirty Years' War. , and is to be seen on the north side portal of Saint Peter as paintings, 1631 at the Swedish attacks completely destroyed.[1] At the behest of Archbishop Johann Philipp von Schönborn a reconstruction was not considered. For over a century the collegiate community had no own building. It was only in 1749 Archbishop Johann Friedrich Karl von Ostein decided for a new building. The collegiate was moved to its present location near the palace church St. Gangolph, later vanished in the Napoleonic era. At this location there was previously a romanesque church, the so-called ″Odenmünster″ or ″St. Mari underm Münster″. This has not been used since 1724 and was left to decay.
The construction of the new St. Peter's Church lasted from 1749 to 1756/57, and was carried out in the context of the valorisation of the bleaching district (Bleichenviertel). The church was consecrated 2 May 1756 by Archbishop Johann Friedrich Karl von Ostein.[2] With the beginning of secularization, the collegiate was repealed on 4 July 1802. Due to the fact that Mainz Cathedral lay partially in ruins St. Peter's was chosen for the inauguration of bishop Joseph Ludwig Colmar in 1803.[3]
The building[edit]
The present building of St. Peter's is a baroque hall (three bays) with double onion dome tower façade by architect Johann Valentin Thoman.[4] Until 1762 the church was completed yet. Under French occupation, the church became a stable in 1813. When the control of the Fortress of Mainz passed to the German Confederation it became the garrison church of the Prussian garrison parts, which it remained until 1918. Then it was dedicated a parish church. In 1872 Ferdinand Becker painted an altarpiece for the church.
St. Peter had survived the first major air raid on Mainz in August 1942. The second serious attack on Mainz in autumn 1944 had significantly worse consequences. The South Tower was hit by a high explosive bomb and fell onto the nave, where it hit a big hole in the vault. The north tower, the choir room and large parts of the nave, however, were undamaged.
On 27 February 1945, Mainz was almost completely destroyed by air raids with incendiary bombs. St. Peter's Church lost its tower façade, the nave was burnt out. Until 1952 the church was provisionary repaired, so that it could be used by the community. In 1959 the reconstruction began. In 1961, the twin towers were restored to the original. After years of restoration from 1973 to 1989, the church was returned to the parish. During this period the ceiling frescos were created new by Karl Manninger according to old photographs.
The decoration of the church was much irretrievably lost in the original, most notably the organ, the ceiling frescoes from 1755 by Joseph Ignaz Appiani, showing the life and work of St. Peter, and the choir stalls. The great baroque altars, stucco decoration and the most valuable piece of equipment, the great pulpit of Johannes Förster, were not destroyed.
Recent additions[edit]
A modern altar of the artist Gernot Rumpf was added recently. It refers to the ″fisher of men″ Peter with a net. Herein, frolicking fish that turn out as people on closer inspection - even one of them with a fool's cap thereunder. The same artist also created the ambo and the Paschal candle. At the 50th anniversary of the death of Father Franz Adam Landvogt, who was pastor at St. Peter, a bronze statue of Karlheinz Oswald was erected in the Landvogt crypt in October 2003.
References[edit]



^ Franz Werner, Der Dom von Mainz und seine Denkmäler, published by Müller, 1827
^ Martina Rommel, Elmar Rettinger, Mainz - Stift Alt-St.Peter. In: Klöster und Stifte in Rheinland-Pfalz (digital)
^ Martina Rommel, Elmar Rettinger, Mainz - Stift Alt-St.Peter. In: Klöster und Stifte in Rheinland-Pfalz
^ St. Peter's - A church with late-baroque elegance (digital)



Literature[edit]

Wilhelm Jung: St. Peter in Mainz. Ehemals Stifts- und Pfarrkirche, Mainz, 1989

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to St. Peter (Mainz).



Interior on the web page of the parish

Coordinates: 50°00′17″N 8°16′12″E﻿ / ﻿50.004722°N 8.27°E﻿ / 50.004722; 8.27




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=St._Peter%27s_Church,_Mainz&oldid=750306327"					
Categories: Roman Catholic churches in MainzRococo architecture of Germany18th-century Roman Catholic church buildingsRoman Catholic churches completed in 1757Hidden categories: Coordinates on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançaisItalianoNederlands 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 November 2016, at 00:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









St. Peter's Church, Mainz - Wikipedia






















 






St. Peter's Church, Mainz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



St. Peter's Church
(Peterskirche)



St. Peter's Church from the southwest



General information


Architectural style
Rococo


Town or city
Mainz


Country
Germany


Construction started
1749


St. Peter's Church (in German Peterskirche) is located beneath Deutschhaus Mainz in the northwest of the historical center of Mainz, Germany. It is the one of the most important rococo buildings in Mainz. Originally it was a collegiate church monastery of ″St. Peter before the walls″, which had existed since the 10th century and is dedicated to the apostle Peter as patron. Today it serves as a parish church for the parish of St. Peter / St. Emmeran.



Contents


1 History of the collegiate
2 The building
3 Recent additions
4 References
5 Literature
6 External links



History of the collegiate[edit]




General view via Ernst-Ludwig-Platz to the north-west-façade






Interior of St. Peter's


The collegiate was founded 944 by archbishop Frederick north of the city wall. Collegiates were key administrative units, on which the archbishop relied. The provosts, the head of the collegiate, each led an archdeacon.
Due to its location before the gates, the collegiate was completely destroyed by Swedish attacks 1631 in the Thirty Years' War. , and is to be seen on the north side portal of Saint Peter as paintings, 1631 at the Swedish attacks completely destroyed.[1] At the behest of Archbishop Johann Philipp von Schönborn a reconstruction was not considered. For over a century the collegiate community had no own building. It was only in 1749 Archbishop Johann Friedrich Karl von Ostein decided for a new building. The collegiate was moved to its present location near the palace church St. Gangolph, later vanished in the Napoleonic era. At this location there was previously a romanesque church, the so-called ″Odenmünster″ or ″St. Mari underm Münster″. This has not been used since 1724 and was left to decay.
The construction of the new St. Peter's Church lasted from 1749 to 1756/57, and was carried out in the context of the valorisation of the bleaching district (Bleichenviertel). The church was consecrated 2 May 1756 by Archbishop Johann Friedrich Karl von Ostein.[2] With the beginning of secularization, the collegiate was repealed on 4 July 1802. Due to the fact that Mainz Cathedral lay partially in ruins St. Peter's was chosen for the inauguration of bishop Joseph Ludwig Colmar in 1803.[3]
The building[edit]
The present building of St. Peter's is a baroque hall (three bays) with double onion dome tower façade by architect Johann Valentin Thoman.[4] Until 1762 the church was completed yet. Under French occupation, the church became a stable in 1813. When the control of the Fortress of Mainz passed to the German Confederation it became the garrison church of the Prussian garrison parts, which it remained until 1918. Then it was dedicated a parish church. In 1872 Ferdinand Becker painted an altarpiece for the church.
St. Peter had survived the first major air raid on Mainz in August 1942. The second serious attack on Mainz in autumn 1944 had significantly worse consequences. The South Tower was hit by a high explosive bomb and fell onto the nave, where it hit a big hole in the vault. The north tower, the choir room and large parts of the nave, however, were undamaged.
On 27 February 1945, Mainz was almost completely destroyed by air raids with incendiary bombs. St. Peter's Church lost its tower façade, the nave was burnt out. Until 1952 the church was provisionary repaired, so that it could be used by the community. In 1959 the reconstruction began. In 1961, the twin towers were restored to the original. After years of restoration from 1973 to 1989, the church was returned to the parish. During this period the ceiling frescos were created new by Karl Manninger according to old photographs.
The decoration of the church was much irretrievably lost in the original, most notably the organ, the ceiling frescoes from 1755 by Joseph Ignaz Appiani, showing the life and work of St. Peter, and the choir stalls. The great baroque altars, stucco decoration and the most valuable piece of equipment, the great pulpit of Johannes Förster, were not destroyed.
Recent additions[edit]
A modern altar of the artist Gernot Rumpf was added recently. It refers to the ″fisher of men″ Peter with a net. Herein, frolicking fish that turn out as people on closer inspection - even one of them with a fool's cap thereunder. The same artist also created the ambo and the Paschal candle. At the 50th anniversary of the death of Father Franz Adam Landvogt, who was pastor at St. Peter, a bronze statue of Karlheinz Oswald was erected in the Landvogt crypt in October 2003.
References[edit]



^ Franz Werner, Der Dom von Mainz und seine Denkmäler, published by Müller, 1827
^ Martina Rommel, Elmar Rettinger, Mainz - Stift Alt-St.Peter. In: Klöster und Stifte in Rheinland-Pfalz (digital)
^ Martina Rommel, Elmar Rettinger, Mainz - Stift Alt-St.Peter. In: Klöster und Stifte in Rheinland-Pfalz
^ St. Peter's - A church with late-baroque elegance (digital)



Literature[edit]

Wilhelm Jung: St. Peter in Mainz. Ehemals Stifts- und Pfarrkirche, Mainz, 1989

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to St. Peter (Mainz).



Interior on the web page of the parish

Coordinates: 50°00′17″N 8°16′12″E﻿ / ﻿50.004722°N 8.27°E﻿ / 50.004722; 8.27




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=St._Peter%27s_Church,_Mainz&oldid=750306327"					
Categories: Roman Catholic churches in MainzRococo architecture of Germany18th-century Roman Catholic church buildingsRoman Catholic churches completed in 1757Hidden categories: Coordinates on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançaisItalianoNederlands 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 November 2016, at 00:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









St. Peter's Church, Mainz - Wikipedia






















 






St. Peter's Church, Mainz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



St. Peter's Church
(Peterskirche)



St. Peter's Church from the southwest



General information


Architectural style
Rococo


Town or city
Mainz


Country
Germany


Construction started
1749


St. Peter's Church (in German Peterskirche) is located beneath Deutschhaus Mainz in the northwest of the historical center of Mainz, Germany. It is the one of the most important rococo buildings in Mainz. Originally it was a collegiate church monastery of ″St. Peter before the walls″, which had existed since the 10th century and is dedicated to the apostle Peter as patron. Today it serves as a parish church for the parish of St. Peter / St. Emmeran.



Contents


1 History of the collegiate
2 The building
3 Recent additions
4 References
5 Literature
6 External links



History of the collegiate[edit]




General view via Ernst-Ludwig-Platz to the north-west-façade






Interior of St. Peter's


The collegiate was founded 944 by archbishop Frederick north of the city wall. Collegiates were key administrative units, on which the archbishop relied. The provosts, the head of the collegiate, each led an archdeacon.
Due to its location before the gates, the collegiate was completely destroyed by Swedish attacks 1631 in the Thirty Years' War. , and is to be seen on the north side portal of Saint Peter as paintings, 1631 at the Swedish attacks completely destroyed.[1] At the behest of Archbishop Johann Philipp von Schönborn a reconstruction was not considered. For over a century the collegiate community had no own building. It was only in 1749 Archbishop Johann Friedrich Karl von Ostein decided for a new building. The collegiate was moved to its present location near the palace church St. Gangolph, later vanished in the Napoleonic era. At this location there was previously a romanesque church, the so-called ″Odenmünster″ or ″St. Mari underm Münster″. This has not been used since 1724 and was left to decay.
The construction of the new St. Peter's Church lasted from 1749 to 1756/57, and was carried out in the context of the valorisation of the bleaching district (Bleichenviertel). The church was consecrated 2 May 1756 by Archbishop Johann Friedrich Karl von Ostein.[2] With the beginning of secularization, the collegiate was repealed on 4 July 1802. Due to the fact that Mainz Cathedral lay partially in ruins St. Peter's was chosen for the inauguration of bishop Joseph Ludwig Colmar in 1803.[3]
The building[edit]
The present building of St. Peter's is a baroque hall (three bays) with double onion dome tower façade by architect Johann Valentin Thoman.[4] Until 1762 the church was completed yet. Under French occupation, the church became a stable in 1813. When the control of the Fortress of Mainz passed to the German Confederation it became the garrison church of the Prussian garrison parts, which it remained until 1918. Then it was dedicated a parish church. In 1872 Ferdinand Becker painted an altarpiece for the church.
St. Peter had survived the first major air raid on Mainz in August 1942. The second serious attack on Mainz in autumn 1944 had significantly worse consequences. The South Tower was hit by a high explosive bomb and fell onto the nave, where it hit a big hole in the vault. The north tower, the choir room and large parts of the nave, however, were undamaged.
On 27 February 1945, Mainz was almost completely destroyed by air raids with incendiary bombs. St. Peter's Church lost its tower façade, the nave was burnt out. Until 1952 the church was provisionary repaired, so that it could be used by the community. In 1959 the reconstruction began. In 1961, the twin towers were restored to the original. After years of restoration from 1973 to 1989, the church was returned to the parish. During this period the ceiling frescos were created new by Karl Manninger according to old photographs.
The decoration of the church was much irretrievably lost in the original, most notably the organ, the ceiling frescoes from 1755 by Joseph Ignaz Appiani, showing the life and work of St. Peter, and the choir stalls. The great baroque altars, stucco decoration and the most valuable piece of equipment, the great pulpit of Johannes Förster, were not destroyed.
Recent additions[edit]
A modern altar of the artist Gernot Rumpf was added recently. It refers to the ″fisher of men″ Peter with a net. Herein, frolicking fish that turn out as people on closer inspection - even one of them with a fool's cap thereunder. The same artist also created the ambo and the Paschal candle. At the 50th anniversary of the death of Father Franz Adam Landvogt, who was pastor at St. Peter, a bronze statue of Karlheinz Oswald was erected in the Landvogt crypt in October 2003.
References[edit]



^ Franz Werner, Der Dom von Mainz und seine Denkmäler, published by Müller, 1827
^ Martina Rommel, Elmar Rettinger, Mainz - Stift Alt-St.Peter. In: Klöster und Stifte in Rheinland-Pfalz (digital)
^ Martina Rommel, Elmar Rettinger, Mainz - Stift Alt-St.Peter. In: Klöster und Stifte in Rheinland-Pfalz
^ St. Peter's - A church with late-baroque elegance (digital)



Literature[edit]

Wilhelm Jung: St. Peter in Mainz. Ehemals Stifts- und Pfarrkirche, Mainz, 1989

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to St. Peter (Mainz).



Interior on the web page of the parish

Coordinates: 50°00′17″N 8°16′12″E﻿ / ﻿50.004722°N 8.27°E﻿ / 50.004722; 8.27




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=St._Peter%27s_Church,_Mainz&oldid=750306327"					
Categories: Roman Catholic churches in MainzRococo architecture of Germany18th-century Roman Catholic church buildingsRoman Catholic churches completed in 1757Hidden categories: Coordinates on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançaisItalianoNederlands 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 November 2016, at 00:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









St. Peter's Church, Mainz - Wikipedia






















 






St. Peter's Church, Mainz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



St. Peter's Church
(Peterskirche)



St. Peter's Church from the southwest



General information


Architectural style
Rococo


Town or city
Mainz


Country
Germany


Construction started
1749


St. Peter's Church (in German Peterskirche) is located beneath Deutschhaus Mainz in the northwest of the historical center of Mainz, Germany. It is the one of the most important rococo buildings in Mainz. Originally it was a collegiate church monastery of ″St. Peter before the walls″, which had existed since the 10th century and is dedicated to the apostle Peter as patron. Today it serves as a parish church for the parish of St. Peter / St. Emmeran.



Contents


1 History of the collegiate
2 The building
3 Recent additions
4 References
5 Literature
6 External links



History of the collegiate[edit]




General view via Ernst-Ludwig-Platz to the north-west-façade






Interior of St. Peter's


The collegiate was founded 944 by archbishop Frederick north of the city wall. Collegiates were key administrative units, on which the archbishop relied. The provosts, the head of the collegiate, each led an archdeacon.
Due to its location before the gates, the collegiate was completely destroyed by Swedish attacks 1631 in the Thirty Years' War. , and is to be seen on the north side portal of Saint Peter as paintings, 1631 at the Swedish attacks completely destroyed.[1] At the behest of Archbishop Johann Philipp von Schönborn a reconstruction was not considered. For over a century the collegiate community had no own building. It was only in 1749 Archbishop Johann Friedrich Karl von Ostein decided for a new building. The collegiate was moved to its present location near the palace church St. Gangolph, later vanished in the Napoleonic era. At this location there was previously a romanesque church, the so-called ″Odenmünster″ or ″St. Mari underm Münster″. This has not been used since 1724 and was left to decay.
The construction of the new St. Peter's Church lasted from 1749 to 1756/57, and was carried out in the context of the valorisation of the bleaching district (Bleichenviertel). The church was consecrated 2 May 1756 by Archbishop Johann Friedrich Karl von Ostein.[2] With the beginning of secularization, the collegiate was repealed on 4 July 1802. Due to the fact that Mainz Cathedral lay partially in ruins St. Peter's was chosen for the inauguration of bishop Joseph Ludwig Colmar in 1803.[3]
The building[edit]
The present building of St. Peter's is a baroque hall (three bays) with double onion dome tower façade by architect Johann Valentin Thoman.[4] Until 1762 the church was completed yet. Under French occupation, the church became a stable in 1813. When the control of the Fortress of Mainz passed to the German Confederation it became the garrison church of the Prussian garrison parts, which it remained until 1918. Then it was dedicated a parish church. In 1872 Ferdinand Becker painted an altarpiece for the church.
St. Peter had survived the first major air raid on Mainz in August 1942. The second serious attack on Mainz in autumn 1944 had significantly worse consequences. The South Tower was hit by a high explosive bomb and fell onto the nave, where it hit a big hole in the vault. The north tower, the choir room and large parts of the nave, however, were undamaged.
On 27 February 1945, Mainz was almost completely destroyed by air raids with incendiary bombs. St. Peter's Church lost its tower façade, the nave was burnt out. Until 1952 the church was provisionary repaired, so that it could be used by the community. In 1959 the reconstruction began. In 1961, the twin towers were restored to the original. After years of restoration from 1973 to 1989, the church was returned to the parish. During this period the ceiling frescos were created new by Karl Manninger according to old photographs.
The decoration of the church was much irretrievably lost in the original, most notably the organ, the ceiling frescoes from 1755 by Joseph Ignaz Appiani, showing the life and work of St. Peter, and the choir stalls. The great baroque altars, stucco decoration and the most valuable piece of equipment, the great pulpit of Johannes Förster, were not destroyed.
Recent additions[edit]
A modern altar of the artist Gernot Rumpf was added recently. It refers to the ″fisher of men″ Peter with a net. Herein, frolicking fish that turn out as people on closer inspection - even one of them with a fool's cap thereunder. The same artist also created the ambo and the Paschal candle. At the 50th anniversary of the death of Father Franz Adam Landvogt, who was pastor at St. Peter, a bronze statue of Karlheinz Oswald was erected in the Landvogt crypt in October 2003.
References[edit]



^ Franz Werner, Der Dom von Mainz und seine Denkmäler, published by Müller, 1827
^ Martina Rommel, Elmar Rettinger, Mainz - Stift Alt-St.Peter. In: Klöster und Stifte in Rheinland-Pfalz (digital)
^ Martina Rommel, Elmar Rettinger, Mainz - Stift Alt-St.Peter. In: Klöster und Stifte in Rheinland-Pfalz
^ St. Peter's - A church with late-baroque elegance (digital)



Literature[edit]

Wilhelm Jung: St. Peter in Mainz. Ehemals Stifts- und Pfarrkirche, Mainz, 1989

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to St. Peter (Mainz).



Interior on the web page of the parish

Coordinates: 50°00′17″N 8°16′12″E﻿ / ﻿50.004722°N 8.27°E﻿ / 50.004722; 8.27




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=St._Peter%27s_Church,_Mainz&oldid=750306327"					
Categories: Roman Catholic churches in MainzRococo architecture of Germany18th-century Roman Catholic church buildingsRoman Catholic churches completed in 1757Hidden categories: Coordinates on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançaisItalianoNederlands 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 November 2016, at 00:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









        2082: Hat & Coat Hook |         Peter Pepper Products | Expressive Essentials®










































Sign In
My Projects






















Products »Hooks + Racks »Coat Hooks »2082 

Coat Hooks
Coat Hooks: Mounting Bars
Coat Racks: Coat Hangers |  Umbrella Stands
Coat Racks: Freestanding, Mobile, Trees
Coat Racks: Wall Mounted Racks




Model 2082Hat & Coat Hook




















Image shown for illustrative purposes only and may not match the configured product.





Specifications

Specifications


Size
¾"w x 1¾"h x 1⅝"d                        

Finish
                            Polished Aluminum, Natural Anodized.                        

Base Material
                            Aluminum.                        

Included
                            Wood screws included.                         

Also Available
                            Your selected hooks may be pre-mounted on one of our Wood Mounting Bars, available in any PPP Color or Wood Finish. See Models TYPE1, TYPE2, TYPE3, TYPE4, TYPE5 AND TYPE6.                         

Option
                            2999: Wall Anchor, Natural Anodized Aluminum                        

PDQ 
                             Select variations of this product are available to ship in 10 business days via the Pepper Delivers Quicker program.                        

Estimated Ship Weight 
                            1 lbs.                        

FOB
                            COMPTON, CA.                        






Spec + Price

PEPPER DELIVERS QUICKER
Select colors/finishes of this product are available to ship within 10 business days via the Pepper Delivers Quicker program.


List Price as Specified
$19







                        Optional Guaranteed Freight
                    






                        Shipping to ZIP Code 
EDIT



Ready to Ship:

                                2 weeks                                PDQ finishes ship in 10 business days.


                    You have selected an option that is not eligible for our PDQ 10-business day shipment guarantee. As configured, this product's delivery period will be standard.
                










Print





Email
Share

Save to Projects

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















peter mainz - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found Peter Mainz - Looking for Peter Mainz?



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​Peter Mainz



Looking for Peter Mainz? Get Cell Phone #,  Address, Pics & More.





Social Network Search



White Pages Directory




Search Public Records



Free People Search





Peter Mainz's History - Peter Mainz's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Peter Mainz's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records




Web Results

Peter Mainz | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-mainz-32aab640


View Peter Mainz’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Peter Mainz discover inside ...


Top 6 Peter Mainz profiles | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/peter/mainz


View the profiles of professionals named Peter Mainz on LinkedIn. There are 6 professionals named Peter Mainz, who use LinkedIn to exchange …


Peter Mainz Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Peter-Mainz


View the profiles of people named Peter Mainz. Join Facebook to connect with Peter Mainz and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to...


St. Peter's Church, Mainz - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Peter's_Church,_Mainz


St. Peter's Church (in German Peterskirche) is located beneath Deutschhaus Mainz in the northwest of the historical center of Mainz, Germany. It is the one of the ...


Peter Mainz: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?...


Mr. Peter Mainz has been a Senior Advisor of Cyan Holdings Plc since January 1, 2016. Mr. Mainz served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Sensus (Bermuda ...


Peter Mainz | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/Peter-Mainz


View phone, address history, email, public records for the 3 people named Peter Mainz. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.


Peter Mainz | Sensus GmbH | ZoomInfo.com

www.zoominfo.com/p/Peter-Mainz/633346339


View Peter Mainz's business profile as President at Sensus GmbH and see work history, affiliations and more.


Peter Mainz, Board Member, Itron - VB Profiles

https://www.vbprofiles.com/people/peter-mainz-56704b692c13f568a5000000


Curated profile of Peter Mainz, Board Member, Itron including career history, news and intelligence, portfolio companies and investments. Spoke Intelligence is home ...


Peter Mainz - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and ...

people.equilar.com/bio/peter-mainz-itron--inc./salary/1023156


View Peter Mainz, Board Member at Itron, Inc., Liberty Lake, WA, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at Itron, Inc. and compensation history ...


Category:St. Peter (Mainz) - Wikimedia Commons

commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:St._Peter_(Mainz)


Media in category "St. Peter (Mainz)" The following 47 files are in this category, out of 47 total.










We Found Peter Mainz - Looking for Peter Mainz?



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​Peter Mainz



Looking for Peter Mainz? Get Cell Phone #,  Address, Pics & More.





Social Network Search



White Pages Directory




Search Public Records



Free People Search





Peter Mainz's History - Peter Mainz's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Peter Mainz's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records



12345Next






Answers







St. Peter's Church, Mainz



St. Peter's Church (in German Peterskirche) is located beneath Deutschhaus Mainz in the northwest of the historical center of Mainz, Germany. It is the...

more






Peter of Aspelt



Peter of Aspelt (aka Peter von Aichspelt, Peter von Basel, Peter von Mainz; born 1240/45, died June 5, 1320 in Mainz) was Archbishop of Mainz

more






Mainz



Mainz is the capital and largest city of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany. It was the capital of the Electorate of Mainz at the time of the...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.












Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







