





Main Street Research | INVESTMENT ADVISORY SERVICES














































 




  








 









 






 























  

























  









A Message from Our Founder:
Since 1993, individuals and institutions have turned to the professionals at Main Street Research for investment and wealth management expertise. Whether you and your family have private wealth or you are an institutional investor, we are committed to understanding your expectations and applying them to a carefully developed, long-term strategy. Our communicative style makes it possible for you to have goal oriented investment results and a personal, responsive client/advisor relationship.



















  



















1993
24 YEARS OF EXPERIENCE SINCE 1993 









0
OVER $700 MILLION UNDER MANAGEMENT 














  


















We Are a Boutique

Your financial goals are unique, and your financial advice should be as well. We take the time to understand your specific concerns and goals.
Then, we develop tailored investment solutions to your individual needs.















  


















Your Future Wealth is Our Goal

Whether you are concerned that your assets last your lifetime, or that of your future generations, we believe that it is important to build a customized financial model of your assets. From this wealth planning model, our team can make assumptions and projections to “put the odds in your favor” of reaching your long-term goals.





















Main Street Research is honored to be ranked #43 in Financial Advisor Magazine’s 2016 Top 50 Fastest-Growing Firms.
 

Disclosures & Methodology











  


















We Invest the Way You Should

A transparent and cost effective investment strategy, using individual securities including stock and bonds – from around the globe.















  


















Our Fees Are Aligned with Your Results

Our fees are based solely on your assets or a combination
of assets and your performance.















  















 “The Journey to Wealth” 

Founder and Managing Partner, James Demmert recently
published “The Journey to Wealth” an entertaining
and provocative viewpoint on investing today.




Learn More About James' Book!















MAKE A PLAN FOR YOUR FUTURE






Let's set up a meeting!

















Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Important Disclosures

Follow Us:
 Main Street Research, LLC
30 Liberty Ship Way Third Floor
Sausalito CA 94965
T 800.357.3863  | F 415.289.0105







© 2017 Main Street Research, LLC. All rights reserved.































Main Street Research | REPORTING AND FEES













































 




  








 









 






 























  






























Report and
Discuss






The success of our relationships is based on a high level of communication.  These updates can be through personal portfolio reviews in person or via skype.  In addition, our firms timely Strategy Updates are an excellent way to stay informed in regard to recent changes in financial markets.
Our infrastructure is based on state-of-the-art technology. This enables your information to be accessed readily and accurately to quickly respond to changes in the financial markets and/or your circumstances. Our technology systems allow you to receive accurate, detailed reports quarterly and upon request and, if you choose, via secure paperless delivery.  As a part of our reporting process we clearly define your investment performance in accordance to the highest industry standards.





  






























Levels of Service
& Fees






Main Street Research offers you a choice of two distinct fee structures. Each of these fee structures include all professional services, including retirement and estate planning. They do not, however, include transaction costs charged by your custodian – given our history of low portfolio turnover, these costs are typically negligible.









 Asset Based Management
At Main Street Research, our services are available on a fee-only basis. Fees are based on the value of assets under management starting at 1.25% annually and declining to .50% depending on the size of the total portfolio. A minimum investment is required – please inquire.





Management Fees
Relative to Assets:

1.25% on the first $2,000,000
1.00% on the next $3,000,000
.75% on the next $5,000,000
.50% amounts over $10,000,000










Performance Based Management
Main Street Research also offers a fee structure based on the asset value and performance of your investment portfolio. Performance based fees are equal to a percentage of the “net” profit of the investment portfolio and are subject to a high “watermark.” Therefore, Main Street Research is only entitled to a performance fee when the portfolio reaches successive, higher market values. In order to select our performance based fee, the Client must be a “Qualified Client” within the meaning of the US Securities and Exchange Commission Investment Advisors Act of 1940, rule 205-3 as amended.  This criterion would include either a total net worth of $2,100,000 or assets under management with Main Street Research LLC of $1,000,000 or more. A minimum investment is required – please inquire.





Management Fees
Relative to Assets:

.75% on the first $2,000,000
.625% on the next $3,000,000
.50% on the next $5,000,000
.25% amounts over $10,000,000






Management Fees Relative to Performance:
5% of net profits subject to high watermark

















Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Important Disclosures

Follow Us:
 Main Street Research, LLC
30 Liberty Ship Way Third Floor
Sausalito CA 94965
T 800.357.3863  | F 415.289.0105







© 2017 Main Street Research, LLC. All rights reserved.





























Main Street Research | INVEST AND PROTECT











































 




  








 









 






 























  





























Let’s talk about investment performance…




Performance is about being active (vs. passive).
Investment markets are ever changing – our active style allows us to take advantage of opportunities
Performance is about actively managing risk.
Our Active Risk Management process mitigates losses – thereby enhancing returns
Performance is also about keeping costs low.
How do we do this?
We invest in individual securities from all over the world, (stocks and bonds),
so we help you avoid the fees and costs of mutual funds or exchange traded funds (ETFs).
TAKE A LOOK UNDER THE HOOD:
Individual Securities and Transparency
By investing in individual securities, you see the stocks you own.
By comparison, mutual funds and ETFs don’t offer anything close to transparent data.







  




















Invest




Your personal circumstances, goals and wealth planning serve as the basis for our initial strategy and required rates of return. The result of our macro-economic research process completes the investment portfolio’s overall asset allocation.
Macro-economic history provides great evidence that, over long periods of time, there is a direct correlation between changes in the economy (the business cycle) and the performance of financial instruments. Over the long term, the macro-economic variables that drive the global economy – such as interest rates, inflation and corporate profits – affect the long-term direction of stock, bond and real estate prices. Therefore, our search for the best opportunities within the investment landscape begins with an understanding of the global economic climate and business cycle.















  










Global Equity Management



Equity Selection – A Global and Disciplined Process We believe that great investment opportunities can be found anywhere in the world. Therefore, our research has no geographic boundaries. Our universe of potential companies exceeds 9000 and covers 32 countries, 10 sectors, and 60 industry groups. The list includes the MSCI World Equity Index and Russell 2000 index of small companies.

Stock Selection Process – Quantitative and Qualitative Over the years, our research has identified a number of fundamental characteristics that lead to long-term, above average stock performance. These criteria include a company’s balance sheet strength, cash flow, profit growth and market share dominance. We endeavor to pay a reasonable price for the companies that fit our stringent criteria and accomplish this by correlating stock price valuation with profit growth.
In an effort to isolate great companies, we screen our entire global universe using a proprietary in-house software model that measures each company in terms of our criteria. Only the top 150 companies are considered for purchase and each is arranged by its respective economic sector and industry group. Those companies in declining industry groups are removed from consideration, further reducing our list.
The final phase of our stock selection involves our own “hands on” research as well as input from our Research Partners. The result of this extensive process yields a short list of companies that we believe are of high quality and possess superior fundamentals and management. Moreover, the final list of companies represents a number of strong industry groups from various countries and multiple market capitalizations. Diversification is key.

Socially Responsible Investing  Since we serve a limited number of clients and manage each client’s portfolio separately, we can personally tailor your portfolio to include socially responsible screening, based on criteria you provide us. This process leverages some of what is, in our opinion, today’s best technology and research in the field of socially responsible investing. This screening can be employed on just a portion of your investments or your entire portfolio.

Tax and Cost Efficiency… ”It's not what you earn, it's what you keep” We do not believe that investors should sacrifice performance for tax efficiency. Our goal is to pursue an investment style designed to be highly tax efficient. Our average portfolio turnover is only 20% annually – significantly lower than that of most mutual funds according to Morningstar1. Most importantly, when successful, this allows you to retain a greater amount of your assets each year, which fosters the long-term compounding of your wealth. Since our fees are based on the value and performance of your portfolio, we are cost-conscious. Our use of individual securities, as opposed to mutual funds and other investment “products”, assists in keeping costs low and can reduce the possibility of hidden or layered fees. Additionally, we work closely with the custodian of your assets in an effort to keep your transaction costs to a minimum.
1Mutual Fund Turnover and Taxes, Bankrate.com

Equity Portfolio Maintenance and Sell Disciplines To ensure the continued quality of your investments, we monitor each position daily and review each client portfolio weekly. In addition, we repeat our screening process weekly. We sell stocks for a number of reasons, including: a company no longer meets our criteria; the economy changes; the sector or industry deteriorates; the price exceeds profit growth; or there is a change in management. Additionally, our Active Risk Management (ARM) may initiate the sale of a company due to deteriorating fundamentals.












  
















  
Global Fixed Income
Over one third of our total assets under management are invested in fixed income markets. Our fixed income investments are dedicated to individual bonds rather than bond funds. These positions include US Treasury, government agency, corporate, and municipal bonds. As an independent advisory firm, we have established relationships with over 100 fixed income broker-dealers. This network allows us to search for and purchase fixed income securities at competitive prices, which has the potential to enhance your fixed income returns.
Our fixed income allocations are driven by our macro-economic and interest rate cycle analysis and by your income tax circumstances. We have strict credit quality requirements for the bulk of our fixed income management. In addition, we perform a process we call Credit Watch to continually monitor potential changes in credit quality of these investments. In the selection of corporate fixed income, we leverage our work in equity research to isolate opportunities in the corporate bond market. Depending on client circumstances we may enter the high yield market for a small percentage of the portfolio in order to enhance income.
Typically, fixed income is employed to provide supplemental income while mitigating the risk of an all-equity portfolio.












  
















 Global Fixed Income Alternatives
During periods when global equities or traditional fixed income do not represent value, our team may employ alternatives to these assets classes. These individual securities are intended to be less correlated to the global equity markets while providing above average yield, particularly in low interest rate environments. Depending on client preferences and the economic cycle, a well-diversified combination of preferred stock, real estate investment trusts and master limited partnerships may offer an alternative solution to investors seeking yield.
Global Preferred Stock
Depending on the economic cycle and your circumstances, preferred stock may be included in the portfolio to offer both diversification and yield. These securities are less correlated to global stock markets and combine features of fixed income and equity instruments, as they pay both a fixed dividend and have the potential to appreciate in value.
Global Real Estate Markets
Depending on the economic cycle and your circumstances, real estate investment trusts (REITs) may also be employed. These securities trade on open market exchanges such as the New York Stock Exchange and allow you to participate in the real estate market with the benefit of daily liquidity that owning real estate properties does not offer. Our macro-economic research and interest rate cycle analysis, along with your tax circumstances, drive our REIT allocations.
Global Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs)
Depending on the economic cycle and your circumstances, MLPs may offer above average yield and provide the liquidity of a publicly traded company. These securities derive most of their cash flows from natural resources, commodities, or real estate which may help complement a portfolio’s diversification. Sector specific analysis combined with fundamental analysis at the company level allows us to identify opportunities in the MLP space.












  

















Active Risk Management
We believe that successful long-term investment performance is the result of above average investment selection combined with careful risk management. Our Active Risk Management (ARM) is a process employed to manage potential downside risk due to factors that include global economic instability, economic sector or industry weakness, and deterioration in a specific security’s fundamentals. It includes tools and formulas that can affect a portfolio’s asset allocation, sector and stock exposure.
ARM is a process that is continually applied to your investment portfolio depending on the health and stability of financial markets. ARM may cause your portfolio to experience periods of reduced exposure to particular sectors, industries or individual securities, as well as increased cash and fixed income balances. Though risk management does not guarantee against investment loss, we believe that, over the long run, our ARM process mitigates risk and leads to above average investment results.


























Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Important Disclosures

Follow Us:
 Main Street Research, LLC
30 Liberty Ship Way Third Floor
Sausalito CA 94965
T 800.357.3863  | F 415.289.0105







© 2017 Main Street Research, LLC. All rights reserved.
































Main Street Research | INVEST AND PROTECT













































 




  








 









 






 























  



























Institutional Services – Foundations, Non-profits & Retirement Plans






At Main Street we have a dedicated team focused on helping non-profits, charitable organizations and retirement plans achieve their investment goals. Additionally, we are an associate member of the Council On Foundations.  Enhancing the effectiveness of your organization and its governance can have benefits far beyond the balance sheet — saving the organization significant time, money and effort.
In today’s volatile market, endowments and foundations face many challenges related to the organization and the quest for desired return on investment. This environment coupled with multiple industry and sector challenges are driving not-for-profit investors to seek ways to enhance returns and optimize resources. Along with growing the assets, risk management is a fundamental concern for non-profit organizations seeking long-term investment return. Our team works closely with institutions to understand and manage portfolio risk to optimize the overall risk/return of investment portfolios.





  



















As fiduciaries, our team has experience in assisting Boards of Directors, Investment and/or Finance Committees and Administrative Staff:






Review board and organization governance guidelines and policies
Investment policy statement analysis and/or development
Spending policy & liquidity needs
Asset allocation design




Active Risk Management
Dedicated Client Investment Officer
Identify and assist with portfolio-related administration challenges
Full investment committee support including performance and accounting reports















  



















 Evolving Governance and Investment Policy 
An organization’s policies should adapt to changing needs, goals and the realities of the economic environment. For non-profit institutions or retirement plans with assets under our management, we can offer investment policy advice and analysis in an effort to help clearly identify fund objectives, risk tolerance, liquidity and time horizons along with our role as investment manager.















  



















How Main Street Measures Performance
Our performance in helping clients meet their objectives is measured by a clear understanding of the foundation’s Investment and Distribution Policy. Our investment performance relative to benchmarks is measured not just in rising markets, but also in declining markets. True success also includes a relationship that the committee and board members feel is adding value and is educational.















  











Investing for a Purpose
Our investment philosophy as a firm also aligns closely with that of our not-for-profit clients. Each quarter, Main Street donates a percentage of our profits to organizations that give back to the local and global community. Therefore, we have an interest and enjoy our work with non-profit organizations and are familiar with the nuances of each.
 



























Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Important Disclosures

Follow Us:
 Main Street Research, LLC
30 Liberty Ship Way Third Floor
Sausalito CA 94965
T 800.357.3863  | F 415.289.0105







© 2017 Main Street Research, LLC. All rights reserved.





























WEALTH PLANNING - Main Street Research








































 




  








 









 






 























  



























Our Relationship
with You is
Comprehensive






At Main Street Research, we enjoy a highly personal and professional relationship with our clients and the satisfaction derived from providing a valuable, team oriented service. Our work is provided on a fee-only basis and we do not sell any products or receive any type of commission or finder’s fees. As a result, our interests are aligned with those of our clients.
Since Main Street Research typically manages the bulk of a client’s liquid net worth, we tailor each portfolio to fit your needs and goals and work closely with your other professionals to make it possible that those needs are met and goals achieved. Ultimately, our services may allow you to pursue those things in life that you do best and enjoy the most. Additionally, you are alleviated from the responsibility of having to deal with the demanding tasks of day-to-day money management, and are allowed the confidence that your financial security has the full-time attention of a team of professionals.





  
















 Wealth Management
In today’s complex financial world, many investors face important matters that are related to the management of their investments. As a team, we leverage our years of experience to uncover your potential needs in each of these areas and deliver an individually tailored, well-conceived, long-term plan and separately managed portfolio based upon your plan’s objectives. It is important to note that we do not charge an additional fee for this in-depth wealth planning.



 Financial Planning
Whether you are concerned that your assets last your lifetime, or that of future generations, we believe that it is important to build a personally tailored financial model of your assets. This model will include all of your finances, including such factors as debt, 401(k), stock option strategies, education funding and real estate holdings. From this wealth planning model, our team can make assumptions and projections to “put the odds in your favor” of reaching your long-term goals.




Build and Plan
Our team works with you to build a model that identifies your lifestyle/financial goals and build a road map for your future:

Cash flow analysis
Education funding
Retirement funding
Debt funding
Lifestyle goals
Philanthropy














  



















Rate of Return
The results of your Financial Modeling will identify:

Your personal Required Rate of Return
Your Risk Tolerance
Future Lifestyle Changes
“What if” Scenarios

Your financial plan will be updated and managed throughout our relationship


 Tax Guidance
Because we are involved in your overall financial picture, we often provide tax guidance. This may include ideas and strategies to enhance pre-tax savings, write-offs or tax matters related to your investment portfolio. We do not, however, complete or execute tax returns.



 Estate Planning
Since your estate plan should coordinate with your asset base, we take time and care to ensure that your plan is in place and up to date. We have professionals on staff who are familiar and can assist with these matters. This process often involves your estate attorney or the introduction of a new professional.























Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Important Disclosures

Follow Us:
 Main Street Research, LLC
30 Liberty Ship Way Third Floor
Sausalito CA 94965
T 800.357.3863  | F 415.289.0105







© 2017 Main Street Research, LLC. All rights reserved.



























Main Street Research Llc in Sausalito, CA 94965 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» Sausalito
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Main Street Research Llc













Main Street Research Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





30 Liberty Ship Way Ste 3330 Sausalito, California 94965


(415) 289-1010
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Main Street Research Llc is located at the address 30 Liberty Ship Way in Sausalito, California 94965.  They can be contacted via phone at (415) 289-1010 for pricing, hours and directions.  Main Street Research Llc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For more information contact Main  Street,  or  go to www.ms-research.comMain Street Research Llc provides Investment Planning, Consultations, Investment Services to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Main Street Research Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Main Street Research Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Agency Bonds
, Money Markets
, Bonds
, Mutual Funds
, Business Continuation Plans
, Futures
, Loans
, Certificates Of Deposit
, Securities
, Corporate Bonds



SERVICES


Financial Services
, Consultations
, Income Planning
, Investment Planning
, Rollovers
, Wealth Management
, Disability Income
, Institutional Services
, Investment Services
, Banking



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (415) 289-1010
Website: www.ms-research.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 250000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Opti Grab Investors Llc


79 Harrison Ave  Sausalito, California 94965




Vino Capital


283 Santa Rosa Ave  Sausalito, California 94965




Oakvale Investments Inc


514 Main St  Sausalito, California 94965




Jax Investments  Llc


23 Glen Dr  Sausalito, California 94965




CORINTHIAN COVE CONSULTING


3 Harbor Dr  Sausalito, California 94965




Macoby Group Inc


131 Stanford Way  Sausalito, California 94965





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Main  Street

Phone: (415) 289-1010 
 



Elizabeth  Baldassari
PARTNER
Phone: (415) 289-1010 
 



James  Demmert
OWNER
Phone: (415) 289-1010 
 



William  Charles
PRESIDENT
Phone: (415) 289-1010 
 



Velda  Brown
CLIENT SERVICES
Phone: (415) 289-1010 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










﻿






























Main Street Research LLC Holds Stake in Clorox Company (The) (CLX) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Clorox Company (The)

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Clorox Company (The) with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Aflac Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) Stake Maintained by Grimes & Company Inc.
Grimes & Company Inc. Holds Position in Nestle SA (NSRGY)
M&T Bank Corporation (MTB) Shares Bought by Marathon Asset Management LLP
LS Investment Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Omnicom Group Inc. (NYSE:OMC)
LS Investment Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB)
LS Investment Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Position in Hilltop Holdings Inc. (HTH)
Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd Sells 976,613 Shares of BorgWarner Inc. (NYSE:BWA)
Summit Creek Advisors LLC Sells 9,440 Shares of GrubHub Inc (GRUB)
ING Group, N.V. (ING) Shares Bought by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc.
Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Buys 1,040 Shares of Molson Coors Brewing  Company (TAP)
Main Street Research LLC Holds Stake in Clorox Company (The) (CLX)
Textron Inc. (TXT) Releases  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS
Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERIC) Announces  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.03 EPS
OLD National Bancorp IN Continues to Hold Stake in Foundation Medicine, Inc. (FMI)
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) Shares Sold by Palo Capital Inc.
Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. Has $38.58 Million Stake in Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN)
Lourd Capital LLC Has $474,000 Position in Walt Disney Company (The) (DIS)
Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. Cuts Stake in Broadcom Limited (AVGO)
Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd Sells 680 Shares of Cooper Companies, Inc. (The) (COO)
American Water Works (AWK) Stake Decreased by Capstone Asset Management Co.







Main Street Research LLC Holds Stake in Clorox Company (The) (CLX)


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments




Main Street Research LLC continued to hold its position in  Clorox Company (The) (NYSE:CLX) during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 10,668 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Main Street Research LLC’s holdings in Clorox Company (The) were worth $1,421,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. American Beacon Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in shares of  Clorox Company (The) during the first quarter worth about $104,000.  Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its position in shares of  Clorox Company (The) by 23.0% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 846 shares of the company’s stock worth $106,000 after buying an additional 158 shares in the last quarter.  Valley National Advisers Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Clorox Company (The) by 0.6% in the first quarter. Valley National Advisers Inc. now owns 860 shares of the company’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares in the last quarter.  Blue Chip Partners Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Clorox Company (The) by 0.7% in the first quarter. Blue Chip Partners Inc. now owns 906 shares of the company’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 6 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Zions Bancorporation boosted its position in shares of  Clorox Company (The) by 5.6% in the first quarter. Zions Bancorporation now owns 992 shares of the company’s stock worth $134,000 after buying an additional 53 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  70.75% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Clorox Company (The) alerts:



Clorox Company (NYSE CLX) traded down 0.59% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $130.75. The company had a trading volume of 60,505 shares. Clorox Company has a 12-month low of $111.24 and a 12-month high of $141.76. The stock has a market capitalization of $16.84 billion, a PE ratio of 25.83 and a beta of 0.40. The company has a 50-day moving average of $135.95 and a 200-day moving average of $132.29. 





Clorox Company (The) (NYSE:CLX) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The company reported $1.31 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.30 by $0.01. Clorox Company (The) had a return on equity of 215.99% and a net margin of 11.22%. The business had revenue of $1.48 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.48 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.21 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.6% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts predict that  Clorox Company will post $5.31 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, August 4th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, July 19th will be issued a $0.84 dividend. This represents a $3.36 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.55%. This is an increase from Clorox Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.80. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, July 17th. Clorox Company (The)’s payout ratio is 66.27%. 
WARNING: This story was  published by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/19/main-street-research-llc-holds-stake-in-clorox-company-the-clx.html. 
CLX has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. BidaskClub cut Clorox Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 5th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Clorox Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $149.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, July 4th. Royal Bank Of Canada  set a $115.00 target price on Clorox Company (The) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Vetr upgraded Clorox Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $139.67 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, April 24th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC  set a $138.00 target price on Clorox Company (The) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued  a hold rating and four have issued  a buy rating to the company. Clorox Company (The) currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $128.26.
Clorox Company (The) Company Profile
The Clorox Company is a manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products. The Company sells its products primarily through mass retail outlets, e-commerce channels, wholesale distributors and medical supply distributors. The Company operates through four segments: Cleaning, Household, Lifestyle and International.







Receive News & Ratings for Clorox Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clorox Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿




























Main Street Research LLC Invests $300,000 in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (TMO) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

APG Asset Management N.V. Continues to Hold Stake in Manulife Financial Corp (NYSE:MFC)
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Shares Bought by APG Asset Management N.V.
APG Asset Management N.V. Buys 1,236,360 Shares of Barrick Gold Corporation (NYSE:ABX)
Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Has $153,000 Stake in Dover Corporation (DOV)
Value Holdings Management CO. LLC Acquires 432 Shares of Total System Services, Inc. (NYSE:TSS)
Wright Investors Service Inc. Increases Stake in Annaly Capital Management Inc (NYSE:NLY)
International Paper Company (IP) Shares Bought by Lynch & Associates IN
Meyer Handelman Co. Has $515,000 Position in Hershey Company (The) (HSY)
Wright Investors Service Inc. Sells 1,715 Shares of Lam Research Corporation (NASDAQ:LRCX)
Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. Sells 426 Shares of International Paper Company (NYSE:IP)
RB Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in American Tower Corporation (REIT) (NYSE:AMT)
PPG Industries, Inc. (NYSE:PPG) Lowered to Neutral at Bank of America Corporation
Deutsche Bank AG Raises E*TRADE Financial Corporation (ETFC) Price Target to $47.00
PetMed Express, Inc. (PETS) Announces  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS
Sysco Corporation (NYSE:SYY) CEO Sells $1,497,600.00 in Stock
Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Raises Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (NYSE:TMO)
Morgan Stanley Decreases Position in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD)
APG Asset Management US Inc. Raises Position in Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. (HTA)
Ameren Corporation (NYSE:AEE) Position Maintained by Rothschild Investment Corp IL
APG Asset Management US Inc. Has $47,093,000 Position in Acadia Realty Trust (NYSE:AKR)



 


Main Street Research LLC Invests $300,000 in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (TMO)

					Posted by Rex Bailey on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Main Street Research LLC bought a new position in  Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (NYSE:TMO) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  bought 1,720 shares of the medical research company’s stock, valued at approximately $300,000. 
Several other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System increased its stake in  Thermo Fisher Scientific by 1.3% in the second quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 24,300 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $4,240,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the period.  LS Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in  Thermo Fisher Scientific by 14.3% in the second quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 8,886 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $1,550,000 after buying an additional 1,110 shares during the period.  CWM LLC increased its stake in  Thermo Fisher Scientific by 17.0% in the second quarter. CWM LLC now owns 710 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 103 shares during the period.  TNB Financial increased its stake in  Thermo Fisher Scientific by 1.9% in the second quarter. TNB Financial now owns 2,842 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $496,000 after buying an additional 52 shares during the period.  Finally, Clean Yield Group increased its stake in  Thermo Fisher Scientific by 9.6% in the second quarter. Clean Yield Group now owns 4,568 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $827,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  87.05% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc alerts:



Shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (NYSE:TMO) opened at 182.18 on Monday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $176.35 and a 200 day moving average of $162.18. The stock has a market capitalization of $71.27 billion, a PE ratio of 33.23 and a beta of 1.06. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc has a 52-week low of $139.07 and a 52-week high of $182.86. 




Thermo Fisher Scientific (NYSE:TMO) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The medical research company reported $2.08 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.02 by $0.06. Thermo Fisher Scientific had a net margin of 11.58% and a return on equity of 15.73%. The business had revenue of $4.77 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.68 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.80 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 10.9% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc will post $9.23 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, October 16th. Shareholders of record on Friday, September 15th will be given a dividend of $0.15 per share. This represents a $0.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.33%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, September 14th. Thermo Fisher Scientific’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 10.95%. 
WARNING: “Main Street Research LLC Invests $300,000 in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (TMO)” was  published by Week Herald and is owned by of Week Herald. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/24/main-street-research-llc-invests-300000-in-thermo-fisher-scientific-inc-tmo.html. 
A number of analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Bank of America Corporation  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $210.00 target price (up from $200.00) on shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific in a report on Friday. Cleveland Research raised shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday. Barclays PLC  reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $200.00 price target (up from $190.00) on shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Wells Fargo & Company  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $200.00 price target (up from $195.00) on shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific in a research note on Thursday, July 13th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $199.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a hold rating, sixteen have assigned  a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock  has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $187.88.
In other Thermo Fisher Scientific news, CEO Marc N. Casper sold 20,000 shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific stock in a transaction dated Thursday, June 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $172.79, for a total transaction of $3,455,800.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 269,279 shares in the company, valued at $46,528,718.41. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Daniel P. Shine sold 4,688 shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $171.88, for a total transaction of $805,773.44. Following the sale, the insider now owns 29,200 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,018,896. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 28,720 shares of company stock valued at $4,960,764. Company insiders own  0.49% of the company’s stock. 
Thermo Fisher Scientific Company Profile
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc develops, manufactures and sells a range of products. The Company provides analytical instruments, equipment, reagents and consumables, software and services for research, manufacturing, analysis, discovery and diagnostics. It operates through four segments: Life Sciences Solutions, Analytical Instruments, Specialty Diagnostics, and Laboratory Products and Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TMO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (NYSE:TMO).







Receive News & Ratings for Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




APG Asset Management N.V. Continues to Hold Stake in Manulife Financial Corp 





Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.  Shares Bought by APG Asset Management N.V.





APG Asset Management N.V. Buys 1,236,360 Shares of Barrick Gold Corporation 





Value Holdings Management CO. LLC Acquires 432 Shares of Total System Services, Inc. 





Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Has $153,000 Stake in Dover Corporation 





Meyer Handelman Co. Has $515,000 Position in Hershey Company  






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿




























Main Street Research LLC Acquires Shares of 1,710 Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Constellation Brands Inc
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Constellation Brands Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Geneva Advisors LLC Has $165.78 Million Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB)
Syngenta AG (NYSE:SYT) Shares Bought by Bank of New York Mellon Corp
Markel Corp Buys 17,000 Shares of Walt Disney Company (The) (NYSE:DIS)
J & J Snack Foods Corp. (JJSF) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Western Alliance Bancorporation (NYSE:WAL) Lifted by Analyst
Scientific Games Corp (NASDAQ:SGMS) Shares Up 11.1% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings
China Cord Blood Corporation (CO) Reaches New 1-Year High at $10.70
Express, Inc. (EXPR) Reaches New 12-Month Low at $5.90
Instructure, Inc. (NYSE:INST) Hits New 1-Year High at $31.18
The KEYW Holding Corporation (KEYW) Rating Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub
Immunomedics, Inc. (NASDAQ:IMMU) Position Raised by Fmr LLC
Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc. (BPFH) Shares Bought by Wellington Management Group LLP
Wellington Management Group LLP Raises Position in Westmoreland Coal Company (NASDAQ:WLB)
Wellington Management Group LLP Maintains Position in Lexington Realty Trust (LXP)
XPO Logistics, Inc. (NYSE:XPO) Lowered to Buy at BidaskClub
Pegasystems Inc. (NASDAQ:PEGA) Shares Bought by Principal Financial Group Inc.
Principal Financial Group Inc. Has $1.03 Million Position in Black Box Corporation (BBOX)
Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Piper Jaffray Companies
Warburg Research Analysts Give Duerr AG (ETR:DUE) a €106.00 Price Target
Wabco Holdings Inc. (NYSE:WBC) Position Cut by Principal Financial Group Inc.



 


Main Street Research LLC Acquires Shares of 1,710 Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ)

					Posted by Andrew Steele on Jul 18th, 2017 // No Comments 



Main Street Research LLC purchased a new position in  Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  purchased 1,710 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $331,000. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of STZ. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in  Constellation Brands by 3,310.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 11,605,235 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,880,863,000 after buying an additional 11,264,949 shares during the period.  MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd purchased a new position in  Constellation Brands during the first quarter worth approximately $132,686,000.  Marshall Wace North America L.P. purchased a new position in  Constellation Brands during the first quarter worth approximately $132,686,000.  OZ Management LP purchased a new position in  Constellation Brands during the first quarter worth approximately $121,982,000.  Finally, Alliancebernstein L.P. increased its position in  Constellation Brands by 203.6% in the first quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 894,745 shares of the company’s stock worth $145,011,000 after buying an additional 600,001 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  75.39% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Constellation Brands Inc alerts:



Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ) traded up 0.12% on Tuesday, reaching $196.83. 619,414 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Constellation Brands Inc has a 52-week low of $144.00 and a 52-week high of $198.46. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $182.37 and its 200 day moving average price is $165.44. The firm has a market capitalization of $38.44 billion, a PE ratio of 24.69 and a beta of 0.07. 




Constellation Brands (NYSE:STZ) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, June 29th. The company reported $2.34 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.98 by $0.36. Constellation Brands had a net margin of 19.94% and a return on equity of 21.57%. The business had revenue of $1.94 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.95 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $1.54 earnings per share. Constellation Brands’s revenue was up 3.4% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts predict that  Constellation Brands Inc will post $8.17 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, August 23rd. Investors of record on Wednesday, August 9th will be issued a $0.52 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, August 7th. This represents a $2.08 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.06%. Constellation Brands’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 26.03%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Main Street Research LLC Acquires Shares of 1,710 Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ)” was first  reported by StockNewsTimes and is owned by of StockNewsTimes. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/18/main-street-research-llc-acquires-shares-of-1710-constellation-brands-inc-nysestz.html. 
A number of equities analysts have commented on the company. Vetr downgraded Constellation Brands from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $175.98 target price for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, May 16th. OTR Global downgraded Constellation Brands to a “positive” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) upgraded Constellation Brands from a “buy” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and decreased their target price for the company from $200.00 to $168.95 in a research note on Monday, April 17th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Constellation Brands from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $207.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, June 22nd. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $183.00 target price on shares of Constellation Brands in a research note on Friday, March 31st. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned  a hold rating, twelve have given a buy rating and two have assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $198.53.
In related news, Director James A. Locke III sold 6,340 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $173.05, for a total value of $1,097,137.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 44,415 shares in the company, valued at $7,686,015.75. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, Director Barry A. Fromberg sold 2,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, July 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $195.93, for a total transaction of $391,860.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 22,820 shares in the company, valued at $4,471,122.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 42,107 shares of company stock worth $8,035,160 over the last 90 days. 15.59% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About Constellation Brands
Constellation Brands, Inc is an international beverage alcohol company. The Company is a producer and marketer of beer, wine and spirits with operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand and Italy. Its segments include Beer, Wine and Spirits, and Corporate Operations and Other. It is a multi-category supplier (beer, wine and spirits) of beverage alcohol in the United States.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding STZ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ).







Receive News & Ratings for Constellation Brands Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Constellation Brands Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 










































﻿

























Main Street Research LLC Maintains Stake in Raytheon Company (RTN) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Raytheon Company
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Raytheon Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Reviewing Wayfair (W) and LightInTheBox Holding Co. (NYSE:LITB)
Reviewing SEACOR Holdings (NYSE:CKH) and RigNet (RNET)
Vitamin Shoppe (NYSE:VSI) & Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage (NGVC) Head to Head Contrast
Constellation Brands’ (STZ) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Morgan Stanley
Marks and Spencer Group Plc (LON:MKS) Given “Sell” Rating at Investec
BidaskClub Lowers Esterline Technologies Corporation (ESL) to Sell
Dana Incorporated (DAN) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Hold
Penske Automotive Group, Inc. (PAG) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $8.18 Million Stake in ManTech International Corporation (MANT)
Folger Nolan Fleming Douglas Capital Management Inc. Maintains Stake in The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV)
Mayo Investment Advisers LLC Sells 4,000 Shares of The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV)
Steelcase Inc. (SCS) Position Raised by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Svenska Handelsbanken AB publ Has $899,000 Stake in Time Warner Inc. (TWX)
Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Shares Bought by Chesapeake Asset Management LLC
D/B/A Chubb Limited New (CB) Position Raised by GWM Advisors LLC
PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL) Shares Sold by NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V.
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in Gentherm Inc (THRM)
General Dynamics Corporation (GD) Position Cut by Bank Hapoalim BM
Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in Allergan PLC. (AGN)
bluebird bio, Inc. (BLUE) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at BidaskClub


 


Main Street Research LLC Maintains Stake in Raytheon Company (RTN)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 

Main Street Research LLC held its position in shares of Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN) during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 1,521 shares of the aerospace company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Main Street Research LLC’s holdings in Raytheon were worth $246,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System increased its position in shares of Raytheon by 0.6% in the second quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 18,100 shares of the aerospace company’s stock worth $2,923,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Bartlett & Co. LLC increased its position in shares of Raytheon by 21.3% in the second quarter. Bartlett & Co. LLC now owns 11,385 shares of the aerospace company’s stock worth $1,838,000 after buying an additional 2,000 shares during the last quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Raytheon by 0.6% in the second quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 14,938 shares of the aerospace company’s stock worth $2,412,000 after buying an additional 95 shares during the last quarter. United Bank Inc. increased its position in shares of Raytheon by 3.5% in the second quarter. United Bank Inc. now owns 29,266 shares of the aerospace company’s stock worth $4,726,000 after buying an additional 1,002 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Orrstown Financial Services Inc. increased its position in shares of Raytheon by 20.9% in the second quarter. Orrstown Financial Services Inc. now owns 918 shares of the aerospace company’s stock worth $148,000 after buying an additional 159 shares during the last quarter. 74.84% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




Raytheon Company (NYSE RTN) opened at 169.37 on Monday. Raytheon Company has a 12 month low of $132.89 and a 12 month high of $169.49. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $163.55 and a 200 day moving average price of $155.62. The company has a market capitalization of $49.30 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.82 and a beta of 0.58. 


 Get Raytheon Company alerts:



Raytheon (NYSE:RTN) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The aerospace company reported $1.73 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.61 by $0.12. The firm had revenue of $6 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.83 billion. Raytheon had a return on equity of 20.45% and a net margin of 9.41%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.43 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Raytheon Company will post $7.48 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, August 3rd. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, July 5th will be paid a $0.7975 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, June 30th. This represents a $3.19 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.88%. Raytheon’s dividend payout ratio is 41.16%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/24/main-street-research-llc-maintains-stake-in-raytheon-company-rtn.html. 
A number of research analysts recently weighed in on the company. Vetr raised Raytheon from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $178.87 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Raytheon from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, July 13th. BidaskClub raised Raytheon from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 12th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $172.00 price objective on shares of Raytheon in a research note on Monday, June 26th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $181.00 price objective on shares of Raytheon in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $168.45.
In other Raytheon news, Chairman Thomas A. Kennedy sold 10,703 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $162.05, for a total value of $1,734,421.15. Following the sale, the chairman now owns 61,671 shares in the company, valued at $9,993,785.55. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, VP Wesley D. Kremer sold 1,010 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.10, for a total value of $164,731.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 23,136 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,773,481.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 15,911 shares of company stock worth $2,580,752 in the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 0.19% of the company’s stock. 
About Raytheon
Raytheon Company is a technology company, which specializes in defense and other government markets. The Company develops integrated products, services and solutions in various markets, including sensing; effects; command, control, communications, computers, cyber and intelligence; mission support, and cybersecurity. 
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RTN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN).

 
Receive News & Ratings for Raytheon Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Raytheon Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 




























﻿






























3M Company (NYSE:MMM) Shares Bought by Main Street Research LLC - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for 3M Company

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor 3M Company with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Gotham Asset Management LLC Has $294,000 Position in Teekay Tankers Ltd. (NYSE:TNK)
Robert T. Fraley Sells 52,410 Shares of Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON) Stock
Liberty Global PLC (LBTYA) Director Purchases $2,471,644.26 in Stock
Israel Chemicals Shs (NYSE:ICL) Rating Increased to Buy at BidaskClub
State Street Corp Has $95.94 Million Position in Helen of Troy Limited (NASDAQ:HELE)
3M Company (NYSE:MMM) Shares Bought by Main Street Research LLC
M&T Bank Corporation (MTB) Shares Bought by BB&T Corp
Alpha Windward LLC Boosts Stake in American Electric Power Company, Inc. (NYSE:AEP)
BB&T Corp Raises Stake in Exelon Corporation (NYSE:EXC)
Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $6.25 Million Position in Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC)
Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Raises Position in Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HIG)
Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Has $3.37 Million Position in Teleflex Incorporated (NYSE:TFX)
BB&T Corp Sells 16,044 Shares of eBay Inc. (NASDAQ:EBAY)
Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Bezant Resources plc (BZT)
BlackRock Inc. Buys 7,892,369 Shares of Knight Transportation, Inc. (NYSE:KNX)
Clorox Company (The) (NYSE:CLX) Position Lowered by United Capital Financial Advisers LLC
Glencore PLC (GLEN) PT Set at GBX 430 by Royal Bank Of Canada
Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Newfield Exploration Company’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NYSE:NFX)
KCG Holdings Inc. Raises Stake in Organovo Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ONVO)
Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. Raises Stake in Dycom Industries, Inc. (NYSE:DY)







3M Company (NYSE:MMM) Shares Bought by Main Street Research LLC


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Main Street Research LLC raised its position in shares of  3M Company (NYSE:MMM) by 17.4% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 2,330 shares of the conglomerate’s stock after buying an additional 346 shares during the period. Main Street Research LLC’s holdings in 3M were worth $485,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Cable Hill Partners LLC increased its stake in  3M by 2.4% in the first quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC now owns 635 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $122,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the period.  Reilly Financial Advisors LLC increased its stake in  3M by 3.9% in the first quarter. Reilly Financial Advisors LLC now owns 642 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $123,000 after buying an additional 24 shares during the period.  Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its stake in  3M by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 714 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $128,000 after buying an additional 4 shares during the period.  Proficio Capital Partners LLC increased its stake in  3M by 156.0% in the first quarter. Proficio Capital Partners LLC now owns 663 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $131,000 after buying an additional 404 shares during the period.  Finally, American Research & Management Co. increased its stake in  3M by 8.1% in the first quarter. American Research & Management Co. now owns 935 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $179,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the period. 65.78% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get 3M Company alerts:



3M Company (NYSE MMM) opened at 211.16 on Monday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $209.84 and its 200 day moving average price is $193.58. 3M Company has a 12 month low of $163.85 and a 12 month high of $214.57. The company has a market capitalization of $126.11 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.54 and a beta of 1.09. 





3M (NYSE:MMM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The conglomerate reported $2.16 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.07 by $0.09. The company had revenue of $7.69 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.48 billion. 3M had a net margin of 16.78% and a return on equity of 44.95%. 3M’s revenue was up 3.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.95 EPS.  Analysts forecast that  3M Company will post $8.98 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “3M Company (NYSE:MMM) Shares Bought by Main Street Research LLC” was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/3m-company-nysemmm-shares-bought-by-main-street-research-llc.html. 
MMM has been the topic of several recent research reports. Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on 3M from $210.00 to $219.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Credit Suisse Group  reissued a “buy” rating on shares of 3M in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised 3M from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $213.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Stifel Nicolaus raised their price objective on 3M from $190.00 to $202.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, Vetr raised 3M from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $183.19 price objective on the stock in a report on Friday, April 14th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $201.55.
In other news, insider Jon T. Lindekugel sold 1,300 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $197.22, for a total value of $256,386.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 2,238 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $441,378.36. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, VP Marlene Mary Mcgrath sold 14,766 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $194.88, for a total transaction of $2,877,598.08. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 24,480 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,770,662.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 33,698 shares of company stock worth $6,593,443 in the last three months. Insiders own  0.58% of the company’s stock. 
About 3M
3M Company is a technology company. It operates through five segments. The Industrial segment serves a range of markets, such as automotive original equipment manufacturer and automotive aftermarket, electronics, appliance, paper and printing, packaging, food and beverage, and construction. The Safety and Graphics segment serves a range of markets for the safety, security and productivity of people, facilities and systems.







Receive News & Ratings for 3M Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for 3M Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 























































Main Street Products Inc | NJ | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Main Street Products Inc LLC?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Main Street Products Inc LLC
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






M







BZ Score:
90







License # 13VH05079100




Berlin, NJ









Main Street Products Inc LLC




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 



Updated: Jan 21, 2016





Overview

Main Street Products Inc LLC in Berlin, NJ holds a license according to the New Jersey license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.BuildZoom has not verified this license since its expiration date. If you are thinking of hiring Main Street Products Inc LLC, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Main Street Products Inc LLC Works


Google




Contact


Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









1 York Ct, Sicklerville, NJ 08081
(908) 838-4896 ext. 3570


The-builder LLC
 



License # PA112174


Sicklerville, NJ



5

1
rating








131

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














Pennsauken, NJ 08109



Lor-mar Mechanical Services Inc




License # 13VH00062100


Pennsauken, NJ







120

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


181
Projects














1804 Allwood Pl, Lacey Township, NJ 08731

(908) 838-4896 ext. 16954


Ives Renovations LLC




License # 13VH08028600


Forked River, NJ



5

1
rating








111

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


1
Project






Featured Result







Main Street Products Inc LLC Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Main Street Products Inc LLC. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Main Street Products Inc LLC










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Main Street Products Inc LLC,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Main Street Products Inc LLC








131


The-builder LLC







120


Lor-mar Mechanical Services Inc








111


Ives Renovations LLC






Request a Quote







License info














License Not Verified


License #13VH05079100StatusActiveStateNew Jersey


When BuildZoom last verified this license, it had an expiration date of December, 2010. Check the current license status of Main Street Products Inc LLC with the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in New Jersey:













Does Main Street Products Inc Llc carry a valid contracting license?



Home improvement contractors must be registered with the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs to perform, or attempt to engage in the business of making or selling residential home improvements.
Main Street Products Inc Llc currently holds license 13vh05079100 , which was Active when we last checked. 











Your liability risk when hiring Main Street Products Inc Llc



New Jersey requires contractors to carry general liability insurance, protecting homeowners from damages to their property incurred during construction. 











Financial recourse when hiring Main Street Products Inc Llc



New Jersey does not require contractors to obtain a surety bond. Consumers can file complaints with the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work.You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in New Jersey, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal, and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner, choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Main Street Products Inc LLC
We will attempt to deliver your message to Main Street Products Inc LLC. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.




































































Jul 18, 2017 - Main Street Research LLC Buys Siemens AG, Alibaba Group Holding, BNP Paribas, Sells Schlumberger, Canadian Natural Resources, Ross Stores Inc - GuruFocus.com 


















Jul 18, 2017 - Main Street Research LLC Buys Siemens AG, Alibaba Group Holding, BNP Paribas, Sells Schlumberger, Canadian Natural Resources, Ross Stores Inc - GuruFocus.com Jul 18, 2017










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 insiderArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



Main Street Research LLC Buys Siemens AG, Alibaba Group Holding, BNP Paribas, Sells Schlumberger, Canadian Natural Resources, Ross Stores IncJuly 18, 2017 |  About: 
ABBV  +0%
NVDA  +0%
CSCO  +0%
BRK.B  +0%
MSFT  +0%
NSC  +0%
SMAWF  +0%
BABA  +0%
BNPQF  +0%
TSL  +0%



Sausalito, CA, based Investment company Main Street Research LLC buys Siemens AG, Alibaba Group Holding, BNP Paribas, AbbVie Inc, NVIDIA Corp, Cisco Systems Inc, Tesla Inc, Nestle SA, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc, Bank of America Corporation, sells Schlumberger, Canadian Natural Resources, Ross Stores Inc, D.R. Horton Inc, General Electric Co during the 3-months ended 2017-06-30, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Main Street Research LLC. As of 2017-06-30, Main Street Research LLC owns 121 stocks with a total value of $608 million.  These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: SMAWF, BABA, BNPQF, TSLA, NSRGY, REGN, BAC, TAL, STZ, TMO, Added Positions: AAPL, IWM, AMZN, ABBV, NTES, NFLX, CRM, NVDA, AVGO, HSBC, Reduced Positions: GE, GILD, AMGN, PG, BCR, LW, CCI, GIS, ARE, NKE, Sold Out: SLB, CNQ, ROST, DHI, VZ, K, MUB, SUB, BSAC, Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with ABBV. Click here to check it out. 
ABBV 30-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of ABBVPeter Lynch Chart of ABBVFor the details of Main Street Research LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Main+Street+Research+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of Main Street Research LLCiShares Russell 2000 (IWM) - 240,074 shares, 5.57% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 6.75%Procter & Gamble Co (PG) - 258,319 shares, 3.7% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 2.3%Facebook Inc (FB) - 126,113 shares, 3.13% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 3.72%Apple Inc (AAPL) - 112,069 shares, 2.66% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 17.39%UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) - 85,765 shares, 2.62% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 4.66%New Purchase: Siemens AG (SMAWF)Main Street Research LLC initiated holdings in  Siemens AG.  The purchase prices were between $133 and $146.39, with an estimated average price of $140.81.   The stock is now traded at around $136.55. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.63%. The holdings were 71,963 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA)Main Street Research LLC initiated holdings in  Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.  The purchase prices were between $107.44 and $143.95, with an estimated average price of $122.95.   The stock is now traded at around $153.82. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.6%. The holdings were 69,211 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: BNP Paribas (BNPQF)Main Street Research LLC initiated holdings in  BNP Paribas.  The purchase prices were between $61 and $75.95, with an estimated average price of $70.11.   The stock is now traded at around $75.38. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.59%. The holdings were 134,466 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Tesla Inc (TSLA)Main Street Research LLC initiated holdings in  Tesla Inc.  The purchase prices were between $278.3 and $383.45, with an estimated average price of $328.86.   The stock is now traded at around $328.41. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.1%. The holdings were 1,665 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Nestle SA (NSRGY)Main Street Research LLC initiated holdings in  Nestle SA.  The purchase prices were between $74.7 and $89.23, with an estimated average price of $81.4.   The stock is now traded at around $86.79. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.08%. The holdings were 5,709 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN)Main Street Research LLC initiated holdings in  Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc.  The purchase prices were between $366.06 and $526.53, with an estimated average price of $435.96.   The stock is now traded at around $497.42. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 925 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: AbbVie Inc (ABBV)Main Street Research LLC added to the holdings in  AbbVie Inc by 73.83%.  The purchase prices were between $63.45 and $73.18, with an estimated average price of $67.11.   The stock is now traded at around $72.20. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.23%. The holdings were 44,745 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: NVIDIA Corp (NVDA)Main Street Research LLC added to the holdings in  NVIDIA Corp by 211.57%.  The purchase prices were between $95.49 and $159.94, with an estimated average price of $126.48.   The stock is now traded at around $165.83. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.15%. The holdings were 9,266 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: Cisco Systems Inc (CSCO)Main Street Research LLC added to the holdings in  Cisco Systems Inc by 131.41%.  The purchase prices were between $31.21 and $34.39, with an estimated average price of $32.62.   The stock is now traded at around $31.46. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.1%. The holdings were 34,793 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRK.B)Main Street Research LLC added to the holdings in  Berkshire Hathaway Inc by 21.08%.  The purchase prices were between $161.26 and $171.55, with an estimated average price of $166.29.   The stock is now traded at around $170.31. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 7,497 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: Microsoft Corp (MSFT)Main Street Research LLC added to the holdings in  Microsoft Corp by 32.02%.  The purchase prices were between $64.95 and $72.52, with an estimated average price of $68.6.   The stock is now traded at around $73.02. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 11,021 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: Norfolk Southern Corp (NSC)Main Street Research LLC added to the holdings in  Norfolk Southern Corp by 31.20%.  The purchase prices were between $111.58 and $124.5, with an estimated average price of $117.37.   The stock is now traded at around $123.25. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 3,936 shares as of 2017-06-30. Sold Out: Schlumberger Ltd (SLB)Main Street Research LLC sold out the holdings in  Schlumberger Ltd.  The sale prices were between $65.25 and $79.65, with an estimated average price of $71.85. Sold Out: Canadian Natural Resources Ltd (CNQ)Main Street Research LLC sold out the holdings in  Canadian Natural Resources Ltd.  The sale prices were between $27.75 and $33.98, with an estimated average price of $30.8. Sold Out: Ross Stores Inc (ROST)Main Street Research LLC sold out the holdings in  Ross Stores Inc.  The sale prices were between $55.97 and $66.05, with an estimated average price of $62.54. Sold Out: D.R. Horton Inc (DHI)Main Street Research LLC sold out the holdings in  D.R. Horton Inc.  The sale prices were between $32.28 and $34.37, with an estimated average price of $33.38. Sold Out: Verizon Communications Inc (VZ)Main Street Research LLC sold out the holdings in  Verizon Communications Inc.  The sale prices were between $44.41 and $49.31, with an estimated average price of $46.65. Sold Out: Kellogg Co (K)Main Street Research LLC sold out the holdings in  Kellogg Co.  The sale prices were between $68.69 and $73.49, with an estimated average price of $71.67. Reduced: General Electric Co (GE)Main Street Research LLC reduced to the holdings in  General Electric Co by 88.36%.  The sale prices were between $27.02 and $30.27, with an estimated average price of $28.65.   The stock is now traded at around $26.91. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.89%. Main Street Research LLC still held 22,413 shares as of 2017-06-30. Reduced: Gilead Sciences Inc (GILD)Main Street Research LLC reduced to the holdings in  Gilead Sciences Inc by 78.96%.  The sale prices were between $64.12 and $71.92, with an estimated average price of $66.5.   The stock is now traded at around $71.54. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.29%. Main Street Research LLC still held 6,400 shares as of 2017-06-30. Here is the complete portfolio of Main Street Research LLC. Also check out:
1. Main Street Research LLC's Undervalued Stocks
2. Main Street Research LLC's Top Growth Companies, and
3. Main Street Research LLC's High Yield stocks
4. Stocks that Main Street Research LLC keeps buying







  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with AbbVie Inc $ABBV.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  insider




→User
            Generated Screeners

FAROSFaros criteria 1ahcukaValueolanderfGoodmerknt84my4LuddyNEW SCHOOL VAL+MOMOmpacholskaStrong in Europempacholskaonly cheap in EuropesamahajoeOptimumsamahajoePrice/EBITDAgoukaradiBanks-Global & Americas

→ABBV Price Chart





$72.52 (1y: +13%)







 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK
















﻿

























Main Street Research LLC Has $10.42 Million Position in General Dynamics Corporation (GD) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for General Dynamics Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor General Dynamics Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

American International Group Inc. Acquires 2,596 Shares of Rexnord Corporation (NYSE:RXN)
Cousins Properties Incorporated (NYSE:CUZ) Position Held by Neuberger Berman Group LLC
Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX) Stake Lowered by Bancorpsouth Inc.
Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Stake Lowered by Alliancebernstein L.P.
Clorox Company (The) (NYSE:CLX) Position Decreased by Vaughan David Investments Inc. IL
Atmos Energy Corporation (ATO) Position Lowered by Alliancebernstein L.P.
MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) Position Raised by American International Group Inc.
Trimble Navigation Ltd. (TRMB) Position Decreased by Alliancebernstein L.P.
Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Shares Sold by Delta Lloyd NV
Neuberger Berman Group LLC Buys Shares of 30,216 Snap Inc. (NYSE:SNAP)
BP p.l.c. (BP) Shares Sold by WFG Advisors LP
Buckeye Partners L.P. (NYSE:BPL) Shares Sold by Neuberger Berman Group LLC
Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC. Acquires 13,700 Shares of Ryerson Holding Corporation (RYI)
Payden & Rygel Has $107,000 Stake in The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW)
Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC. Sells 122,667 Shares of HC2 Holdings Inc (HCHC)
Barnes & Noble Education, Inc (BNED) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Spark Energy, Inc. (SPKE) to Sell
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades South Jersey Industries, Inc. (SJI) to “Hold”
NutriSystem Inc (NTRI) Position Lowered by Envestnet Asset Management Inc.
Spire Inc. (SR) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research


 


Main Street Research LLC Has $10.42 Million Position in General Dynamics Corporation (GD)

Posted by Tim Parker on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Main Street Research LLC raised its position in shares of General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE:GD) by 7.1% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 52,618 shares of the aerospace company’s stock after buying an additional 3,501 shares during the period. General Dynamics Corporation makes up 1.7% of Main Street Research LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 29th largest position. Main Street Research LLC’s holdings in General Dynamics Corporation were worth $10,424,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Rosenbaum Jay D. purchased a new position in General Dynamics Corporation during the first quarter valued at $292,000. Franklin Street Advisors Inc. NC boosted its position in General Dynamics Corporation by 1.2% in the first quarter. Franklin Street Advisors Inc. NC now owns 6,010 shares of the aerospace company’s stock valued at $1,125,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the period. Park National Corp OH boosted its position in General Dynamics Corporation by 34.0% in the first quarter. Park National Corp OH now owns 39,859 shares of the aerospace company’s stock valued at $7,461,000 after buying an additional 10,110 shares during the period. Beacon Financial Group boosted its position in General Dynamics Corporation by 10.4% in the first quarter. Beacon Financial Group now owns 8,143 shares of the aerospace company’s stock valued at $1,537,000 after buying an additional 766 shares during the period. Finally, Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its position in General Dynamics Corporation by 117.9% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 18,300 shares of the aerospace company’s stock valued at $3,160,000 after buying an additional 9,900 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 86.79% of the company’s stock. 




General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE GD) traded up 1.06% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $204.55. 992,890 shares of the stock traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $200.83 and its 200-day moving average price is $191.38. General Dynamics Corporation has a 1-year low of $142.13 and a 1-year high of $205.17. The stock has a market cap of $61.73 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.51 and a beta of 0.72. 


 Get General Dynamics Corporation alerts:



General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE:GD) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aerospace company reported $2.48 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.32 by $0.16. The firm had revenue of $7.44 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.70 billion. General Dynamics Corporation had a net margin of 9.66% and a return on equity of 28.22%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $2.08 EPS. Analysts predict that General Dynamics Corporation will post $9.81 earnings per share for the current year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, August 11th. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 7th will be issued a dividend of $0.84 per share. This represents a $3.36 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.64%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 5th. General Dynamics Corporation’s payout ratio is presently 34.60%. 
WARNING: “Main Street Research LLC Has $10.42 Million Position in General Dynamics Corporation (GD)” was first reported by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/main-street-research-llc-has-10-42-million-position-in-general-dynamics-corporation-gd.html. 
Several research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Royal Bank Of Canada restated a “buy” rating and set a $220.00 price target on shares of General Dynamics Corporation in a report on Friday, June 2nd. ValuEngine upgraded shares of General Dynamics Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, June 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $220.00 price target on shares of General Dynamics Corporation in a report on Friday, July 7th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of General Dynamics Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Saturday, July 8th. Finally, Cowen and Company restated a “buy” rating and set a $210.00 price target on shares of General Dynamics Corporation in a report on Monday, July 17th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $204.72.
In related news, VP Christopher Marzilli sold 43,890 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $201.37, for a total value of $8,838,129.30. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 107,857 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $21,719,164.09. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Lester L. Lyles sold 2,551 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $196.01, for a total transaction of $500,021.51. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 7,336 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,437,929.36. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 6.70% of the company’s stock. 
About General Dynamics Corporation
General Dynamics Corporation is a global aerospace and defense company. The Company offers a portfolio of products and services in business aviation; combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions; information technology (IT) services and C4ISR (command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance) solutions, and shipbuilding and ship repair. 
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE:GD).

 
Receive News & Ratings for General Dynamics Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Dynamics Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 




























