




Tracy V. Maitland - Founder, President & Chief Investment Officer at Advent Capital Management LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Tracy V. Maitland
Founder, President & Chief Investment Officer at Advent Capital Management LLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants Political Donations Awards & Honors Events 


Tracy V. Maitland
Founder, President & Chief Investment Officer at Advent Capital Management LLC



 Overview



Age



57
                                  (Born 1960)
                                              




Notable Companies


Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II

Advent Claymore Global Convertible Securities & Income Fund

Advent Capital Management LLC




Awards



2





Board Seats



4





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,155 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




RelSci
May 10, 2016





                        Tracy V. Maitland donated $2,700 to Hakeem S. Jeffries on March 9, 2016 according to recent disclosures                    





Business Wire
December 1, 2015





                        Advent Capital Reopens Phoenix Convertible Income Strategy, Allowing for Limited Capital Intake                    





Washington Post Blogs
May 5, 2015





                        Obama raises money for Democrats - and gridlocks traffic - in NYC                    





Washington Post Blogs
May 5, 2015





                        Obama raises money for Democrats - and gridlocks traffic - in NYC: The president cites riots in Baltimore and Ferguson in a pitch to prominent African American donors.                    





Business Wire
February 3, 2015





                        Advent Capital Management Hires New Portfolio Manager for Alternative Investment Team: Firm Also Adds to High Yield Portfolio Team and Technology Research Group                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Robert John White

Chief Financial Officer & Chief Administrative Officer at Advent Capital Management LLC




Matthew E. Bershadker

President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals





Douglas Melancon

Managing Director at Advent Capital Management LLC




Edward C. Delk

General Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer at Advent Capital Management LLC





Daniel L. Black

Managing Partner at The Wicks Group of Cos. LLC




Randall C. Barnes

Fund Advisor at Guggenheim Funds Investment Advisors LLC





Derek Medina

Fund Advisor at Guggenheim Funds Investment Advisors LLC




Ronald A. Nyberg

Partner at Momkus McCluskey Roberts LLC





Gerald Lee Seizert

Co-Founder at Seizert Capital Partners LLC




Michael A. Smart

Founding Member at Cordova, Smart & Williams LLC







See 1,145 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,145 More 


 


 Paths to Tracy V. Maitland



            Tracy V. Maitland          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Tracy V. Maitland






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Tracy V. Maitland.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Columbia University

                  Columbia University is one of the world's most important centers of research and at the same time a distinctive and distinguished learning environment for undergraduates and graduate students in many scholarly and professional fields. The University recognizes the importance of its location in New York City and seeks to link its research and teaching to the vast resources of a great metropolis. It seeks to attract a diverse and international faculty and student body, to support research and teaching on global issues, and to create academic relationships with many countries and regions. It expects all areas of the university to advance knowledge and learning at the highest level and to convey the products of its efforts to the world.                





 Career History



Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    2007 - Current                


Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II


                  Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II is a closed end investment trust. It focuses on convertible securities and non-convertible income-producing securities, each of U.S. and non-U.S. issuers. The fund was founded on May 24, 2007 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Founder, President & Chief Investment Officer

                                    2001 - Current                


Advent Capital Management LLC


                  Advent specializes in convertible, high yield and equity strategies.  The firm manages over $6 billion in long-only products, hedge funds and closed-end mutual funds - providing a broad view of the market and the ability to take advantage of opportunities across the entire capital structure, globally. Our structure enables us to fully understand and implement various investment strategies including stocks, bonds, convertibles, credit default swaps, options and other derivatives.

Advent manages three synergistic lines of business which includes long-only strategies, hedge fund strategies and closed-end mutual funds which are listed on the NYSE.  Since inception, our credit-driven research focus has been a core driver of our investment success in both long-only and hedged strategies. Our success can be measured by the consistent performance we have achieved across the firm’s products.

We add value by performing thorough internal credit research that translates into consistent returns with low volatility by protecting against the downside. We utilize a dynamic bottom-up, relative value approach to security selection. Our proprietary credit driven research process is designed to identify the most attractive securities with stable-to-improving fundamentals which offer upside potential and downside protection.

Our global infrastructure is supported by a team of highly talented investment professionals with deep experience across the entire capital structure in global convertible, equity, high yield and bank loan markets. With offices in New York and London we are able to trade seamlessly around the clock.                




Fund Advisor

                                    Current                


Guggenheim Funds Investment Advisors LLC


                  Guggenheim Funds Investment Advisors offers a variety of strategic investment solutions including innovative investment strategies employing the use of ETFs, unit investment trusts (UITs) and closed-end funds.                




President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    Prior - 2012                


Advent Claymore Global Convertible Securities & Income Fund


                  Advent Claymore Global Convertible Securities & Income Fund. is a Closed-End Investment Fund/Investment Trust. The company is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Director, Capital Markets Division-Convertible Securities Department

                                    Prior                


Merrill Lynch & Co.


                  Merrill Lynch is one of the world’s premier providers of wealth management, securities trading and sales, corporate finance and investment banking services.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

                    2007 - Current                  


Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II

                    Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II is a closed end investment trust. It focuses on convertible securities and non-convertible income-producing securities, each of U.S. and non-U.S. issuers. The fund was founded on May 24, 2007 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals

                    The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals promotes humane principles, prevents cruelty, and alleviates pain, fear and suffering of animals through nationwide information, awareness and advocacy. The company was founded by Henry Bergh on April 10, 1866 and is headquartered in New York City, NY.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Prior - 2014                  


Managed Funds Association

                    Managed Funds Association provides support services for the hedge funds industry. It operates as an association for investment professionals in futures, hedge funds, commodity pool operators, and other alternative investments. The company was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Washington, DC.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Prior                  


Apollo Theater Foundation, Inc.

                    The Apollo Theater Foundation, Inc., a not-for-profit organization established in 1991, is dedicated to the preservation and development of the legendary Apollo Theater through the Apollo Experience of world-class live performances and education programs that:

    honor the influence and advance the contributions of African-American artists; and
    advance emerging creative voices across cultural and artistic media

Apollo Theater Foundation, Inc.'s vision is to expand the reach of the Apollo Experience to a worldwide audience.

The world famous Apollo Theater is so much more than a historic landmark - it is a source of pride and a symbol of the brilliance of American artistic accomplishment. With its rich history and continued significance, the Apollo Theater, considered the bastion of African-American culture and achievement, is one of the most fascinating chronicles in American history.                  





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$5,000 - $10K

                  2006
                


A Better Chance, Inc.


                  A Better Chance is the oldest and only national organization of its kind changing the life trajectory for academically talented youth of color via access to rigorous and prestigious educational opportunities for students in grades 6-12.  Our mission is to increase substantially the number of well-educated young people of color who are capable of assuming positions of responsibility and leadership in American society.  We carry out our mission through our signature College Preparatory Schools Program, which annually recruits, refers and supports about 500 Scholars at more than 300 Member Schools in 27 states.  We have been opening the doors to greater educational opportunities since 1963 and more than 12,000 Alumni have now gone on to distinguished careers as physicians, artists, educators, lawyers, politicians and corporate executives.                




$5,000 - $10K

                  2004
                


A Better Chance, Inc.


                  A Better Chance is the oldest and only national organization of its kind changing the life trajectory for academically talented youth of color via access to rigorous and prestigious educational opportunities for students in grades 6-12.  Our mission is to increase substantially the number of well-educated young people of color who are capable of assuming positions of responsibility and leadership in American society.  We carry out our mission through our signature College Preparatory Schools Program, which annually recruits, refers and supports about 500 Scholars at more than 300 Member Schools in 27 states.  We have been opening the doors to greater educational opportunities since 1963 and more than 12,000 Alumni have now gone on to distinguished careers as physicians, artists, educators, lawyers, politicians and corporate executives.                





 Political Donations



$2,700

                  2016                


Hakeem S. Jeffries


                  Representative from New York's 8th Congressional District                




$20K

                  2015                


DNC Service Corp.


                  DNC Service Corp. operates a political party. It is an organization which raises fund for the Democratic Party which has been a part of the U.S. political landscape. The company plans the presidential nominating convention, promotes candidates from the local to the national level and sets the party platform. DNC Service was founded in 1848 and is located in Washington, DC.                




$10K

                  2014                


DNC Service Corp.


                  DNC Service Corp. operates a political party. It is an organization which raises fund for the Democratic Party which has been a part of the U.S. political landscape. The company plans the presidential nominating convention, promotes candidates from the local to the national level and sets the party platform. DNC Service was founded in 1848 and is located in Washington, DC.                




$15K

                  2013                


DNC Service Corp.


                  DNC Service Corp. operates a political party. It is an organization which raises fund for the Democratic Party which has been a part of the U.S. political landscape. The company plans the presidential nominating convention, promotes candidates from the local to the national level and sets the party platform. DNC Service was founded in 1848 and is located in Washington, DC.                




$5,000

                  2013                


Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee


                  The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) is the official campaign arm of the Democrats in the House. The DCCC is the only political committee in the country whose principal mission is to support Democratic House candidates every step of the way.                






See 28 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 28 More 






 Awards & Honors






                  2014
                


Black Enterprise Magazine - 75 Most Powerful on Wall Street

                                    Sponsored by
                  Black Enterprise/Greenwich Street Corporate Growth Management








                  2011
                


Black Enterprise Magazine - 75 Most Powerful on Wall Street

                                    Sponsored by
                  Black Enterprise/Greenwich Street Corporate Growth Management






 Events



Speaker

                  New York City, NY                




Bloomberg Markets Hedge Fund & Investor Summit

                  Bloomberg Markets Hedge Fund & Investor Summit: The World's Leading Hedge Fund Managers & Investors Discuss Opportunity Beyond the Crisis is the first annual, invitation-only gathering of the world’s smartest minds in the hedge fund and institutional investing industries. Throughout the more than 20 interviews, panel discussions and debates, we’ll explore the latest economic and financial trends dictating global markets as they start to emerge from the worst downturn since the Great Depression, and provide insight for investors to understand where their money can best perform.
Featured speakers, including managers who made the Bloomberg Markets magazine Richest Hedge Funds ranking in 2010, have profited from investing in a broad range of fields such as distressed securities, convertible bonds and emerging markets. Institutional investors include managers of public and private pension funds, university and foundation endowments and sovereign wealth funds.
The more than 100 executives in attendance will include portfolio managers from top performing and mid-sized hedge funds, chief investment officers from sovereign wealth funds, pension funds, and major university endowments, c-suite banking officials, economists and lawmakers.                





 Other Affiliations




              Tracy V. Maitland is affiliated with
                            Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II, Advent Capital Management LLC, Guggenheim Funds Investment Advisors LLC, Advent Claymore Global Convertible Securities & Income Fund, Merrill Lynch & Co., Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II, American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Managed Funds Association, Apollo Theater Foundation, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Advent in the Press | Advent Capital Management, LLC






























Skip to Content










Privacy Policy
Non-U.S. Investors
Terms & Conditions
 
 
  



Search this site: 















 
 
 
 








 
  


 





Home » Advent » Advent in the Press
Advent in the Press
 
 




 
  












Advent Capital’s Tracy Maitland, President and CEO, shares his thoughts with Barron’s regarding the state of the convertible market today


With stocks soaring and interest rates rising, income-focused investors should look for ways to tap into equity performance while taking less risk. Convertible securities could be just the ticket.







Advent Capital debunks convertible arbitrage myths - March 2013


Convertible arbitrage offers compelling returns  and diversification benefits, yet investors have turned their backs on the  strategy for all the wrong reasons, according to Advent Capital Management.







Investing With the King of Convertibles - BloombergTV - November 2012



Nov. 26 (Bloomberg) -- Advent Capital Management CEO Tracy Maitland talks about convertible bonds and his investment strategy. He speaks on Bloomberg Television's "Market Makers." (Source: Bloomberg)







Stocks with Training Wheels - Barron's - January 2012


"Convertibles are a great way for investors to play a rebound in some out-of-favor companies and collect some income along the way. They offer a highly attractive alternative to the common stock," says David Hulme, a managing director at Advent Capital Management.







Convertible Collector - Barron's - April 2011


Tracy Maitland is a man on a mission.  And, like a lot of missionaries, he's preaching a gospel, one that sounds a lot like "conversion."  Only it's not quite that.  Maitland's gospel is "convertible."  The president and founder of 16-year old Advent Capital Management evangelizes on behalf of his favorite security-convertible bonds.  There's work to be done: Convertibles are "very much an overlooked asset class," he says.







Convertibles Market Opening Up - SNL Financial - April 2011


The value of new issuances is on pace to show year-over-year growth for the first time in four years, based on data through March from UBS and Thomson Reuters. The pickup in activity during the first quarter of 2011 was especially significant in the U.S., where the level of new issuances reached $13.5 billion, more than double the level seen in the first quarter of 2010.







Casting for Converts - AR Magazine - March 2011


Arbitrageurs meet new opportunities as convertible products evolve and traditional investors settle back in the market.







Appetite for Convertible Bonds Grows - Financial Times - March 2011


Big investors looking for protection against rises in interest rates have stoked demand for convertible bonds, with global issuance rising sharply and putting the market on course for its best year since 2008.
Companies last week sold $9.4bn of convertible bonds, debt which can be exchanged for equity at a pre-agreed price trigger, according to data from Dealogic.
These figures marked the strongest week of issuance since May 2008 and included the year’s two largest single issues, from MetLife, the US insurer, and Sinopec, the Chinese oil company.







Tale of Two IPOs: GM in With a Bang; Harrah's Out With a Whimper - Barron's - November 2010



General Motors roared back into the stock market last week just 16 months after emerging from bankruptcy, but the $15.8 billion initial public offering proved less popular with investors than many had expected. Still, that was far better than another IPO did; Harrah's Entertainment pulled its scheduled offering. 








Morningstar TV: Profile on Advent/Oyster Global Convertibles Fund


Interview with David Hulme, Portfolio Manager of the Advent/Oyster Global Convertibles Fund. Link to Video






 
1
2
next ›
last »

 
 
  


 








Home
Advent
Market Overview
Advent in the Press
Contact
Advent Strategies


 
 





Alternative Strategies
Long Only Strategies
Closed-End Funds

 


 
  
 









About Us
Investment Philosophy
Advent in the Press
Advent Market Commentary


 
  
 
 


©2017 Advent Capital Management, LLC  






Tracy V Maitland - New York, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Tracy V Maitland in New York, NY


Tracy V Maitland

                                                                           Intelius found that Tracy V Maitland  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from New York, NY.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Tracy V Maitland is in his 50s

Tracy Has Lived In

New York, NY
Water Mill, NY
New Rochelle, NY

Tracy's Relatives

Anne Maitland
Carolyn Maitland
Kimberley Hatchett







Tracy V Maitland



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
President at Advent Capital Management , LLC



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Tracy? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Tracy, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Tracy V Maitland
Get a Criminal Check on Tracy V Maitland
Get a Public Record Report on Tracy V Maitland
Get a People Search Report on Tracy V Maitland


Tracy V Maitland's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Tracy V Maitland has lived as well as Tracy V Maitland's phone numbers and email addresses.




Tracy V Maitland Has Lived in 1 States
New York Address for Tracy V Maitland


155 W 7*** S* 

New York, NY


Has Lived In

New York, NY
Water Mill, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Tracy V Maitland

(631) ***-**** - Water Mill, NY 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
() ***-**** - New York, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Tracy V Maitland

t*******d@***.com
t***********d@***.com
t*********i@***.com


Get Email Report




Tracy V Maitland's Professional Information
Information regarding Tracy V Maitland's professional history.  Find out previous places Tracy V Maitland has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Tracy V Maitland Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Advent Capital Management , LLC
               Title: President
Company: Advent Capital Management , LLC
               Title: Owner
Tracy V Maitland's Experience
Title: President
               Company: Advent Capital Management , LLC
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 mil to less than $5 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25. Advent Capital Management, LLC is a registered investment advisor dedicated to providing our clients with superior investment performance. We invest primarily in convertible, high yield and equity securities offered through long only, hedge-fund and NYSE closed-end fund products. Our investment team consists of seasoned professionals performing bottom-up fundamental research. Since inception in 1995, we have grown into an $8.5 billion (as of June 30, 2016) diversified investment management firm with the ability to capitalize on opportunities globally. Our client base includes some of the world's largest public and corporate pension plans, foundations, endowments, insurance companies and high net worth individuals.
Title: Owner
               Company: Advent Capital Management , LLC
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 mil to less than $5 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Additional Professional Information on Tracy V Maitland

 See Tracy V Maitland's LinkedIn Profile



Tracy V Maitland's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Tracy V Maitland


Tracy V Maitland's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Tracy V Maitland's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Tracy Maitland
Username Matches

                  TracyMaitland
                  MaitlandTracy
                  Tracy.Maitland
                  Maitland.Tracy
                  Tracy_Maitland
                  Maitland_Tracy
                  Tracy-Maitland
                  Maitland-Tracy
                  TMaitland
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Maitland







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











   Tracy Maitland | Advent Capital Management , LLC | ZoomInfo.com

Tracy Vincent Maitland: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 4:29 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Tracy Vincent Maitland  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income FundAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships57--
Background

		Mr. Tracy Vincent Maitland serves as the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager at Advent Capital Management, LLC. Mr. Maitland founded Advent Capital Management, LLC in June 2001. He serves as Portfolio Manager of Transamerica Funds - Transamerica Event Driven. He serves as Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund and served as its Co-Portfolio Manager. He serves ... as Portfolio Manager of Advent/Claymore Enhanced Growth & Income Fund. He serves as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II and served as its Co-Portfolio Manager. He serves as President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager of The Advent Convertible Arbitrage Fund Lp. Prior to Advent, he served as a Director in the convertible securities department in the capital markets division at Merrill Lynch. While at Merrill Lynch for 13 years, Mr. Maitland advised institutions on investing in convertibles, fixed income, and equities. He was instrumental in introducing convertibles as an asset class to major institutional investors and consulting firms worldwide. Mr. Maitland serves a Director of Managed Funds Association. He serves as a Director of The Apollo Theater Foundation, Inc. Mr. Maitland graduated from Columbia University with a B.A. in Economics.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1271 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, New York 10020United StatesPhone: 212-482-1600Fax: 212-480-9655
Board Members Memberships
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentAdvent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income FundDirectorManaged Funds AssociationDirectorThe Apollo Theater Foundation, Inc.Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentAdvent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
Education
BA Columbia University
Other Affiliations
Columbia UniversityAdvent Capital Management, LLCAdvent/Claymore Enhanced Growth & Income FundManaged Funds AssociationThe Apollo Theater Foundation, Inc.Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund IIThe Advent Convertible Arbitrage Fund LpTransamerica Funds - Transamerica Event Driven


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 




As Pension Chief, Thompson Gave Work to Donors - The New York Times


























































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





N.Y. / Region|As Pension Chief, Thompson Gave Work to Donors







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In


0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/17plrys








Advertisement








Supported by



N.Y. / Region
| In the Running 
As Pension Chief, Thompson Gave Work to Donors

By DAVID M. HALBFINGERAUG. 30, 2013



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story












Photo






William C. Thompson Jr. receiving the endorsement of Calvin O. Butts, pastor of Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem, on Friday.

Credit
            Uli Seit for The New York Times        



As a first-time candidate for New York City comptroller, William C. Thompson Jr. was feted at a downtown fund-raiser in 2001 by two luminaries of the black business world: the hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons and Mr. Simmons’s money manager, a veteran Wall Street financier who made his fortune promoting hybrid securities known as convertible bonds.Speaking in between rap and poetry-slam performances, the financier, Tracy V. Maitland, made clear why he had taken an interest in the little-watched race for comptroller. “When you control $85 billion,” he told 200 guests crowded into a popular art gallery, “you get a lot of attention.”Over the last 12 years, Mr. Thompson has repeatedly gotten Mr. Maitland’s attention.After that fund-raiser, Mr. Maitland became a regular contributor to the campaigns of Mr. Thompson, a Democrat who is now running for mayor. Later, he pushed unsuccessfully for Mr. Thompson’s wife to be hired as president of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, where he is a trustee.Mr. Maitland’s attention was not unrequited. In 2006, Mr. Thompson honored him at a Black History Month observance. And in 2008, his office for the first time began investing city pension assets in convertible bonds, pouring $324 million into Advent Capital Management, the firm Mr. Maitland founded. By the time Mr. Thompson left office, in 2009, Advent was earning $2 million a year in fees on those investments.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Mr. Thompson’s ties to Mr. Maitland reflect a pattern that emerges from an examination of Mr. Thompson’s stewardship of the pension funds and, more broadly, the comptroller’s office: Again and again, Mr. Thompson reaped political gains from those he awarded city business. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





As he oversaw the city’s $85 billion pension system, Mr. Thompson steered the funds into a diverse range of new investment categories, expanding from heavy concentrations in stocks and bonds into private equity, real estate and niche funds. Yet performance was lackluster: nationwide, more than half of large public pension funds outperformed the five city funds’ combined 4.84 percent return from 2002 through 2009, according to a widely used yardstick compiled by Wilshire Associates, an investment advisory firm. Meanwhile, the city’s roster of fund managers, and their fees, tripled — and Mr. Thompson collected more than $500,000 in campaign donations from them.Mr. Thompson’s credentials as comptroller and a seasoned manager are central to his mayoral campaign, in which he has portrayed himself as the grown-up in the Democratic field — less liberal, strident and showy, but best prepared for the sober task of managing an unruly city.But interviews and a review of thousands of pages of records — schedules, e-mails, pension statements and campaign finance reports — suggest frequent overlap of Mr. Thompson’s political ambitions and the comptroller’s operation, and that like many pension overseers at the time, he raised campaign money aggressively from those seeking business from his office.Timing of MeetingsRoutinely, Mr. Thompson’s political fund-raisers arranged for him to meet investment managers pursuing city business, sometimes within days of when the donors made their contributions to his campaign. In some cases, he met those investment managers in his government offices.
Video

Catch-Up Candidate, Again


William C. Thompson Jr., a Democratic candidate, again finds himself trailing in the polls, four years after he lost the mayoral election to Michael R. Bloomberg. His remedy: get out the vote.

                    By Stephen Farrell on                                                                Publish Date August 30, 2013.
                                    

                    .
                
Watch in Times Video »







embed










Moreover, previously undisclosed draft audits prepared in 2005, near the end of his first term, show that Mr. Thompson’s handling of the city’s pension funds had been so worrisome that state regulators suggested his office be stripped of responsibility for investing them, a finding that casts his managerial record in an unflattering new light.In an interview, Mr. Thompson emphasized that he was not the only one with influence over investment decisions and that political support played no role in the process. While the comptroller’s office makes recommendations for which investment managers to hire, the selections are reviewed by outside consultants and boards of trustees for the pension funds, though former and current officials say the comptroller’s recommendations are almost always followed.“No one received any favor based on a contribution,” Mr. Thompson said in an interview. “Everything was done on the merits.” The 2005 draft audits, he said, were a politically motivated attack aimed at his predecessor, whose term covered more than half of the period the auditors examined. “That had little to do with me,” he said.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

After Mr. Thompson was elected in 2001, he vowed to overhaul the Bureau of Asset Management, the key arm of the comptroller’s office that invests the holdings of the five city pension funds, which now total more than $100 billion. The bureau then was in dire need of modernizing. But records show his efforts were slow and delivered mixed results.He created a new position for a chief investment officer. But he had difficulty recruiting and keeping anyone in the job. One appointee left after several weeks; another lasted 13 months.He also spent more than $400,000 on consultants to diagnose the bureau’s problems and recommend solutions. Their report, delivered in August 2003, suggested the place was being run almost by instinct and guesswork: the investment unit still lacked an overall strategy, standard operating procedures and a risk-management strategy. The lack of clear governance policies, the report said, compounded the structural challenges of having five separate boards of trustees, each with representatives from different agencies and unions.Mr. Thompson said that diffuse structure made overhauling the office difficult. “What did I do wrong here?” he asked. “I was responsible. I moved forward, took stock of where we were at, and performed in the best interest of our fund.”A Harsh AssessmentThe city pension funds are periodically audited by the state, and in 2004, under Gov. George E. Pataki, a Republican, examiners from the State Insurance Department undertook routine reviews of the city funds covering 1999 to 2003. But their findings were unusually critical and their conclusion anything but routine.In draft audits prepared in mid-2005, halfway through Mr. Thompson’s tenure, the examiners reported, among other things, that investment decisions were made without the comptroller’s opinion on whether they would meet the funds’ goals; that little attention was paid to expenses; and that investment policies seemed to be discussed only when hiring companies to manage the money, raising concerns that the “the policies might have been adjusted to justify the choice of a particular provider.”“As a result,” auditors concluded, each of the five funds “should consider other alternatives to the New York City comptroller for management of its investment assets prior to delegating its investment powers in the future.”
Photo






Mr. Thompson Jr. in 2003 with Eduardo Castell, then a deputy comptroller.

Credit
            James Estrin/The New York Times        


The drafts were not made public. Final audits were not issued until 2009 — after Gov. David A. Paterson, a Democrat, had taken over — and proved significantly milder: some problems had been addressed; no mention was made of replacing the comptroller as investment manager.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Mr. Thompson asserted that the auditors’ harsh early assessment was inaccurate, and called it an attempt by the Pataki administration to embarrass Alan G. Hevesi, then the state comptroller and a Democrat, who had preceded Mr. Thompson as city comptroller. The audit period, he noted, covered 30 months of Mr. Hevesi’s tenure and just 18 months of his own.Asked what he had done to shape the final audits, Mr. Thompson said he had only needed to demonstrate his continuing efforts and progress at reforming the office.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




In looking back at his tenure, Mr. Thompson said he was proud of diversifying the pensions’ portfolios into a large number of private equity funds and other investment vehicles. He said this had reduced exposure to market risk and helped weather the turmoil on Wall Street in 2008.But the push into new investments also allowed Mr. Thompson to forge new relationships with fund managers, and the often politically connected placement agents they hired to help gain access to pension officials.Nowhere was Mr. Thompson’s embrace of those investment firms more evident than on the guest list to his second swearing-in, in January 2006. The 250 names included a small number of relatives, union leaders and elected officials; more than 50 lobbyists; and another 50 fund managers, placement agents and others who stood to gain from the city’s pension funds.Mr. Maitland was one.The comptroller’s office had not previously invested in convertible bonds, which generally have lower yields but higher fees than ordinary corporate bonds. Mr. Thompson’s move into convertibles in 2008, when Mr. Maitland has said few pensions had an appetite for them, gave Advent a huge new client: Mr. Thompson invested $374 million, and his successor, Comptroller John C. Liu, invested an additional $292 million. Today, the funds’ $855 million — the investments have done well, growing on average by just over 8 percent — represents more than 10 percent of Advent’s assets under management.Mr. Thompson made no apologies for investing with Mr. Maitland, calling him “probably one of the two best in the world” in convertibles and adding, “He’s done well for the city.”He said Mr. Maitland was “an acquaintance” and had not raised money for him this year. He said Mr. Maitland was not involved in his wife’s talks with the A.S.P.C.A.‘Open Door’ PolicyMr. Maitland, in an interview, said he could not recall details of the fund-raiser he held for Mr. Thompson in 2001, and cautioned against drawing any link between that and Mr. Thompson’s first investments with Advent, seven years later. “If we were counting on that, we’d be out of business,” he said.
Photo






Mr. Thompson announcing his re-election bid for comptroller in 2005.

Credit
            Don Hogan Charles/The New York Times        


But Mr. Maitland said a mutually beneficial relationship was not necessarily bad. “We’ve done well by the city and the city’s done well by us,” he said. “That’s how it’s supposed to work.”

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Friends say Mr. Maitland made calls seeking support for Mr. Thompson’s current mayoral bid, but Mr. Maitland played down any role. “If someone asks me, do I think he’s a good guy, do I think he’s competent, I say yes,” he said. But he added, “I’m not supporting any one person.”Other donors who were invited to the swearing-in ceremony gained from pension business:■ Richard C. Dresdale, president of Fenway Partners, and its lawyer, Josh Leuchtenburg. In May 2004, Mr. Dresdale donated $2,500 to Mr. Thompson’s campaign; that October, he and Fenway’s chairman met with Mr. Thompson in his offices. In December, Mr. Thompson attended a breakfast set up by Kasirer Consulting, his political fund-raising firm, with Mr. Dresdale and Mr. Leuchtenburg. Over the next two weeks, they and others at Fenway gave over $10,000 to Mr. Thompson. Fenway Partners began receiving city pension fund business in late 2007.■ Julio Ramirez Jr., a placement agent at Wetherly Capital. He met with Mr. Thompson in January 2005 and gave his campaign $4,000 five days later. Wetherly earned placement fees that year on $40 million in pension investments made by Mr. Thompson’s office. (Mr. Ramirez later pleaded guilty to paying kickbacks to get contracts from the state pension fund.)■ Alfred R. Villalobos, a former Los Angeles deputy mayor. He and his daughter gave Mr. Thompson $6,950 in 2004; Mr. Villalobos met with Mr. Thompson three times later that year. His firm received fees on $270 million in new investments by the New York City pension funds in 2007. (Mr. Villalobos was later charged with forging documents in connection with a $3 billion investment by the California state pension system.)■ Jerry Weiss, an Albany lobbyist, and Gary Furhman, a fund manager who used him as a placement agent. Mr. Weiss and employees at Mr. Furhman’s company, GF Capital, donated a combined $12,900 to Mr. Thompson’s campaign in 2004. In May 2005, the Kasirer firm arranged a meeting for Mr. Fuhrman with Mr. Thompson and the pension funds’ chief investment officer. That fall, Mr. Thompson met with Mr. Fuhrman and Mr. Weiss in the comptroller’s board room. In May 2006, Mr. Weiss donated an additional $4,950. GF Capital won a total of $48 million in investments from four city pension funds in 2006.Mr. Weiss, it turns out, did not have the required securities license. In a 2010 settlement with Andrew M. Cuomo, then the attorney general and now the governor, he agreed to repay $78,000 in fees he got from GF Capital for lining up the city’s investments.Asked about his meetings with donors who won pension business, Mr. Thompson said he had an “open door” policy but emphasized that “any investment that was done went through multiple hurdles.”

The practice of investment firms and their placement agents flooding public pension overseers with political contributions attracted the attention of federal and state prosecutors and the Securities and Exchange Commission after a series of so-called pay-to-play scandals in recent years. Mr. Hevesi went to prison after admitting that he had accepted about $1 million from a California businessman to whom he awarded some $250 million in state pension fund business.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Mr. Thompson said he pushed for reforms to the process, too, including a ban on the involvement of placement agents with city pension funds. That took effect in 2009, eight months before he left office.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.







Related Coverage







interactive




Where the Mayoral Candidates Stand on Key Issues
AUG. 27, 2013




































Related Coverage







Where the Mayoral Candidates Stand on Key Issues
AUG. 27, 2013





interactive











What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times

























Advent Capital Management : Top Money Managers  




Insider Trading - Maitland Tracy V - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Maitland Tracy V





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-30Purchase
2017-01-0312:27 pm
Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
AGC
Maitland Tracy VChairman, President & CEODirectorOther
17,100
$5.848
$100,006
516,000(Indirect)
View


2016-12-28Purchase
2016-12-295:14 pm
Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
AGC
Maitland Tracy VChairman, President & CEODirectorOther
100,000
$5.87
$587,000
498,900(Indirect)
View


2016-12-23Purchase
2016-12-2812:01 pm
Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
AGC
Maitland Tracy VChairman, President & CEODirectorOther
73,300
$5.856
$429,265
398,900(Indirect)
View


2016-11-30Purchase
2016-12-011:17 pm
Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
AGC
Maitland Tracy VChairman, President & CEODirectorOther
9,600
$5.528
$53,071
325,600(Indirect)
View


2016-11-10Purchase
2016-11-142:02 pm
Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
AGC
Maitland Tracy VChairman, President & CEODirectorOther
31,029
$5.306
$164,634
316,000(Indirect)
View


2016-10-21Purchase
2016-10-242:19 pm
Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
AGC
Maitland Tracy VChairman, President & CEODirectorOther
10,000
$5.6
$56,000
284,971(Indirect)
View


2016-10-11Purchase
2016-10-1210:28 am
Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
AGC
Maitland Tracy VChairman, President & CEODirectorOther
20,000
$5.656
$113,128
274,971(Indirect)
View


2016-09-23Purchase
2016-09-263:42 pm
Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
AGC
Maitland Tracy VChairman, President & CEODirectorOther
20,000
$5.828
$116,554
254,971(Indirect)
View


2016-09-20Purchase
2016-09-2111:03 am
Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
AGC
Maitland Tracy VChairman, President & CEODirectorOther
7,500
$5.74
$43,047
234,971(Indirect)
View


2016-09-15Purchase
2016-09-1612:41 pm
Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
AGC
Maitland Tracy VChairman, President & CEODirectorOther
7,500
$5.745
$43,087
227,471(Indirect)
View


2016-09-12Purchase
2016-09-134:59 pm
Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
AGC
Maitland Tracy VChairman, President & CEODirectorOther
15,000
$5.733
$86,001
219,971(Indirect)
View


2016-09-07Purchase
2016-09-1211:33 am
Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
AGC
Maitland Tracy VChairman, President & CEODirectorOther
16,900
$5.908
$99,852
204,971(Indirect)
View


2016-08-29Purchase
2016-08-315:25 pm
Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
AGC
Maitland Tracy VChairman, President & CEODirectorOther
172,071
$5.849
$1,006,445
188,071(Indirect)
View


2015-07-16Purchase
2015-07-165:33 pm
Advent/claymore Enhanced Growth & Income Fund
LCM
Maitland Tracy VChairman, President & CEODirectorOther
15,000
$9.237
$138,549
50,000(Direct)
View










    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sun, 23 Jul 2017 15:29:12 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  








