

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












    Linda Majikes | HAMPTON ROADS BANKSHARES INC | ZoomInfo.com


Linda Majikes | Xenith Bank | Email Vice President Human Resources  | @xenithbank.com | Phone: 804-433-2200








































 









 



  Business Card for Linda Majikes:


  Linda Majikes
 Vice President Human Resources 
Richmond,?, VA areaEmail Avail: 3 Day Free Trial 





Xenith Bank 
 
                  901 E Cary St
Ste 1700                  

Richmond, VA 23219  

                  Tel: (804) 433-2200 

www.xenithbank.com
 Last updated on 2016-05-27 

  Get Contact Info >>
                  it's free and takes 20 seconds






 Opt Out or Update this Contact:
 Opt Out
Update name
Update title
Update phone
Update email
Not at this company anymore 






 

 About Linda Majikes:

Linda Majikes  works as an Vice President Human Resources  for Xenith Bank at Richmond,?, VA.  The company's webpage is http://www.xenithbank.com.
                  For email, phone number and executive profiles for Vice President Human Resources  and other executives of Xenith Bank at Richmond,?, VA, check
                  Xenith Bank                  at Joesdata.com. Not the Linda Majikes you are looking for? Do a quick search in our website and find other people named Linda Majikes. 

 Linda Majikes's Work History:
               
                No information available.. 


 Linda Majikes's Education:
                
                No information available.. 


 Linda Majikes's Co-workers:
                
                As of July 25, 2017, Linda Majikes has
                35                co-workers under the company name
                Xenith Bank                at Joesdata.com. 






 About Xenith Bank:

Xenith Bank is located at 901 E Cary St
Ste 1700, Richmond, VA 23219. It has around 100 - 250 employees. Its revenue is around $20 - 50M. Xenith Bankshares, Inc., formerly Hampton Roads Bankshares, Inc., is the bank holding company for Xenith Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a commercial bank targeting the banking needs of middle market and small businesses, local real estate developers and investors, private banking clients, and select retail banking clients. The Bank operates a loan production office in Newport News, Virginia. Its services and products consist primarily of taking deposits from, and making loans to, its target customers within its target markets. The Bank provides a selection of commercial and retail banking products, including commercial and industrial loans, commercial and residential real estate loans, and select consumer loans. The Bank offers a range of checking, savings and treasury products, including remote deposit capture, automated clearing house transactions, debit cards, 24-hour automated teller machine (ATM) access, Internet and mobile banking, and bill pay service. 

Company News: 
				No company news available. 
 
People in the same industry:

Trisha FoxSenior Vice President Human ResourcesFifth Third BancorpJonathan CaldwellVice President - Senior Human Resources Business PartnerFifth Third BancorpJudy RaybornHuman Resources Senior Vice PresidentFifth Third BancorpMichael FloodAssistant Vice President Human Resources BuisinessFifth Third BancorpPhilip CrippenVice President Senior Human Resources Business ParFifth Third BancorpChristopher FarmerAssistant Vice President Human ResourcesFifth Third Bancorp 







 











 














About Us 
Privacy 
Terms of Use 
Work for Us
Contact Us



People Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Company Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z













Copyright ©  2017 Joesdata.com All Rights Reserved.







Linda Derck Majikes - Richmond, VA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Linda Derck Majikes in Richmond, VA


Linda Derck Majikes

                                                                                       Intelius found that Linda Derck Majikes  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from Richmond, VA.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

L G Majikes


Get Report Now

Age

Linda Derck Majikes is in her 50s

Linda Has Lived In

Richmond, VA
Arlington, VA
Falls Church, VA

Linda's Relatives

Charles Majikes
Matthew Majikes
Elizabeth Derck







Linda Derck Majikes



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Facilities at Hampton Roads Chamber of Commerce



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Linda? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Linda, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Linda Derck Majikes
Get a Criminal Check on Linda Derck Majikes
Get a Public Record Report on Linda Derck Majikes
Get a People Search Report on Linda Derck Majikes


Linda Derck Majikes's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Linda Derck Majikes has lived as well as Linda Derck Majikes's phone numbers and email addresses.




Linda Derck Majikes Has Lived in 2 States
Virginia Address for Linda Derck Majikes


107 W***** O*** R* 

Richmond, VA


Has Lived In

Richmond, VA
Arlington, VA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Linda Derck Majikes

(804) ***-**** - Richmond, VA 
(804) ***-**** - Richmond, VA 
(804) ***-**** - Richmond, VA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Linda Derck Majikes

l******s@***.com
l******s@***.com


Get Email Report




Linda Derck Majikes's Professional Information
Information regarding Linda Derck Majikes's professional history.  Find out previous places Linda Derck Majikes has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Linda Derck Majikes Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Hampton Roads Chamber of Commerce
               Title: Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Facilities
Company: CCB Organizing Group LLC
               Title: Vice President Of Human Resour
Linda Derck Majikes's Experience
Title: Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Facilities
               Company: Hampton Roads Chamber of Commerce
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 500 to less than 1,000
Title: Vice President Of Human Resour
               Company: CCB Organizing Group LLC
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Linda Derck Majikes

 See Linda Derck Majikes's LinkedIn Profile



Linda Derck Majikes's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Linda Derck Majikes


Linda Derck Majikes's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Linda Derck Majikes's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Linda Majikes
Username Matches

                  LindaMajikes
                  MajikesLinda
                  Linda.Majikes
                  Majikes.Linda
                  Linda_Majikes
                  Majikes_Linda
                  Linda-Majikes
                  Majikes-Linda
                  LMajikes
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
L Majikes







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.























Majikes Linda Derck | Virginia | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Majikes, Linda Derck?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Majikes, Linda Derck
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






M







BZ Score:
90







License # 0412000184




Springfield, VA









Majikes, Linda Derck




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


Springfield

 



Updated: Jan 21, 2016





Overview

Majikes, Linda Derck in Springfield, VA holds a Interior Designer Certification  license (0412000184) according to the Virginia license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.BuildZoom has not verified this license since its expiration date. If you are thinking of hiring Majikes, Linda Derck, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Majikes, Linda Derck Works


Google




Contact


Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









7644-G Fullerton Road, Alexandria, VA 22308

(757) 269-9312 ext. 100


Only Bathrooms LLC
 



License # 2705095921


Alexandria, VA



5

4
ratings








145

BZ Score


$13.2K
Avg Project 


19
Projects














42395 Ryan Rd Ste 112-157, Ashburn, VA 20148

(757) 269-9312 ext. 118


Elements Home Remodeling
 



License # 2705145928


Ashburn, VA



5

2
ratings








128

BZ Score


$5K
Avg Project 


15
Projects














20261 Dairy Lane, Sterling, VA 20165

(757) 269-9312 ext. 117


All Star Contractors Alliance Inc




License # 2705089815


Sterling, VA



2

1
rating








115

BZ Score


$5K
Avg Project 


3
Projects






Featured Result







Majikes, Linda Derck Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Majikes, Linda Derck. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Majikes, Linda Derck










1
Rate this handyman







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this handyman.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Majikes, Linda Derck,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Majikes, Linda Derck








145


Only Bathrooms LLC







128


Elements Home Remodeling








115


All Star Contractors Alliance Inc






Request a Quote







License info














License Not Verified


License #0412000184StatusActiveStateVirginiaTypeInterior Designer Certification


When BuildZoom last verified this license, it had an expiration date of February, 1995. Check the current license status of Majikes, Linda Derck with the Virginia Board for Architects, Professional Engineers, Land Surveyors, Certified Interior Designers and Landscape Architects 












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor








Employees







Majikes, Linda Derck
Owner


















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Virginia:













Does Majikes, Linda Derck carry a valid contracting license?



In Virginia all remodeling and construction work with a cost of $1000 and up, requires a licensed contractor. There are three classes of license for contractors, from A to C. These are based on the size and scope of projects. 
Majikes, Linda Derck currently holds license 0412000184 (Interior Designer Certification), which was Active when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Virginia?



All applicants for A and B contractor licenses are required to complete a pre-license education course that has been approved by the Virginia Department of Professional and Occupational Regulation's Board for Contractors. Additionally contractors must prove at least 2 years of work experience in their specific trade. 











Your liability risk when hiring Majikes, Linda Derck



Licensed contractors in the state of Virginia are not required to carry general liabilty or workers' compensation insurance. It is always a good idea to only hire contractors that have current general liabilty and workers' compensation policies. Request copies of the insurance certifcates for each.











Financial recourse when hiring Majikes, Linda Derck



Virginia does offer support to homeowners for construction projects gone wrong. The Virginia Contractor Transaction Recovery Act provides relief to eligible consumers who have incurred losses through the improper or dishonest conduct of a licensed residential contractor. The Recovery Fund is supported entirely by assessments paid by licensed contractors, not by any tax revenues. Filing a claim does not guarantee payment.











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Virginia,be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids.Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal,and help guide you through the estimate process.Be wary of an abnormally low bid,they are not worth the risk.These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner,choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with.BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free).Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Majikes, Linda Derck
We will attempt to deliver your message to Majikes, Linda Derck. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.




































































People directory - Last Names - Majikes















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
M

Majikes




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Please select a first name!

Bernard Majikes
Bobbie Majikes
Charles Majikes
Cheryl Majikes
Denise Majikes
Donna Majikes
Esther Majikes
Frank Majikes
James Majikes
John Majikes
Joseph Majikes
Kim Majikes
L Majikes
Laura Majikes
Linda Majikes
Lisa Majikes
Lore Majikes
Martin Majikes
Mary Majikes
Matthew Majikes
Melissa Majikes
Michael Majikes
Mike Majikes
Orchid Majikes
Paul Majikes
Raymond Majikes
Robert Majikes
Robt Majikes
Theresa Majikes








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017


















Linda Majikes | Xenith Bank | Email @xenithbank.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Linda Majikes

 Xenith Bank  Director of Human Resources




export

















901 East Cary Street

Richmond, VA 23219


Email format for @xenithbank.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
500 - 999

Revenue:  
50 - 100 Million

Industry:  
                        Finance->Banks                    
SIC Code:  
                         6022  - State Commercial Banks








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Linda Majikes is part of Xenith Bank, an organization which has its main offices in Richmond, VA.  Linda serves as the Director of Human Resources at Xenith Bank.  If you're searching for Xenith Bank email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @xenithbank.com along with Linda Majikes's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.Xenith Bank's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Banks industry.  Some possible email formats for Linda Majikes are LMajikes@xenithbank.com, Linda.Majikes@xenithbank.com, Linda@xenithbank.com, and Linda_Majikes@xenithbank.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@xenithbank.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Linda M - Other
Trying to find Linda M's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out TAM-C Solutions's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @terrorresponse.org contact information.  TAM-C Solutions is an organization centered in Philadelphia, PA, which you can find on Lead411 under the Accounting category.  Linda M is their Researcher.  Some possible email formats for Linda M are LM@terrorresponse.org, Linda.M@terrorresponse.org, Linda@terrorresponse.org, and Linda_M@terrorresponse.org. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@terrorresponse.org addresses.
Linda M - Other
Rick Kuntz is Apple Inc's CEO. Their PM is Linda M. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Electronics industry. If you're checking for Apple Inc email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @apple.com email format and possibly Linda M's email. Apple Inc is based in Cupertino, CA. You can also get Linda M's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Electronics category.  Some possible email formats for Linda M are LM@apple.com, Linda.M@apple.com, Linda@apple.com, and Linda_M@apple.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@apple.com addresses.
Linda M - Other
A Payroll at Service First Staffing based in Milwaukee, WI, Linda M has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Service First Staffing in our Staffing/outsourcing/hr category. The company CEO is . There are email addresses on their profile and may include Linda M' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Linda M.  Some possible email formats for Linda M are LM@service1ststaffing.com, Linda.M@service1ststaffing.com, Linda@service1ststaffing.com, and Linda_M@service1ststaffing.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@service1ststaffing.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Gaylon Layfield - Executive
Need to know Gaylon Layfield's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Xenith Bank's Lead411 profile.  Gaylon Layfield is the CEO/President for Xenith Bank, an organization which has its base in Richmond, VA.  One can also find Xenith Bank email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @xenithbank.com url.  Banks is Xenith Bank's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Gaylon Layfield are GLayfield@xenithbank.com, Gaylon.Layfield@xenithbank.com, Gaylon@xenithbank.com, and Gaylon_Layfield@xenithbank.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@xenithbank.com addresses.
Wellington Cottrell - Finance
Need to know Wellington Cottrell's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Xenith Bank's Lead411 profile.  Wellington Cottrell is the EVP, Chief Credit Officer for Xenith Bank, an organization which has its base in Richmond, VA.  One can also find Xenith Bank email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @xenithbank.com url.  Banks is Xenith Bank's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Wellington Cottrell are WCottrell@xenithbank.com, Wellington.Cottrell@xenithbank.com, Wellington@xenithbank.com, and Wellington_Cottrell@xenithbank.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@xenithbank.com addresses.
Thomas Osgood - Finance
Need to know Thomas Osgood's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Xenith Bank's Lead411 profile.  Thomas Osgood is the EVP/CFO/Chief Administrative Officer for Xenith Bank, an organization which has its base in Richmond, VA.  One can also find Xenith Bank email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @xenithbank.com url.  Banks is Xenith Bank's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Thomas Osgood are TOsgood@xenithbank.com, Thomas.Osgood@xenithbank.com, Thomas@xenithbank.com, and Thomas_Osgood@xenithbank.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@xenithbank.com addresses.

People Directory > Linda Majikes




















Insider Trading - Majikes Linda - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Majikes Linda





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-08-31Sale
2016-09-022:56 pm
Xenith Bankshares Inc.
XBKS
Majikes LindaSVP and Director of HR
18,013
$2.174
$39,151
114,692(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-07-29Option Award
2016-10-114:36 pm
N/AN/A
Xenith Bankshares Inc.
XBKS
Majikes LindaSVP and Director of HR
161,832
$0
161,832(Direct)
View


2016-07-29Tax Withholding
2016-10-114:36 pm
N/AN/A
Xenith Bankshares Inc.
XBKS
Majikes LindaSVP and Director of HR
7,131
$0
161,832(Direct)
View


2016-07-29Option Award
2016-08-023:05 pm
N/AN/A
Hampton Roads Bankshares Inc
HMPR
Majikes LindaSVP and Director of HR
139,836
$0
139,836(Direct)
View


2016-07-29Tax Withholding
2016-08-023:05 pm
N/AN/A
Hampton Roads Bankshares Inc
HMPR
Majikes LindaSVP and Director of HR
7,131
$0
139,836(Direct)
View


2016-07-29Option Award
2016-08-023:05 pm
N/A2021-04-03
Hampton Roads Bankshares Inc
HMPR
Majikes LindaSVP and Director of HR
13,200
$1.03
139,836(Direct)
View


2016-07-29Option Award
2016-08-023:05 pm
N/A2022-02-22
Hampton Roads Bankshares Inc
HMPR
Majikes LindaSVP and Director of HR
8,800
$0.83
139,836(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Tue, 25 Jul 2017 23:42:46 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Online Video Tutorials at lynda.com • lynda.com





































Skip navigation












Online Video Tutorials

Acquire New Skills.Advance Your Career.Expand Your Mind.Video Training Taught By Experts. Get Started Today!

Learn new business, creative, & tech skills with expert-led online video tutorials– anytime, anywhere.
Try lynda.com free for 30 days.
Start My Free Trial
Watch Overview
Training 5 or more people? Contact us.












Unlimited Access
Choose what you’d like to learn from our extensive subscription library.





Expert Teachers
Learn from industry experts who are passionate about teaching.





Learn Anywhere
Switch between your computer, tablet, or mobile device.





Start My Free Trial
Training 5 or more people? Contact us.






Popular Training Topics
Some of our most popular learning topics  to help you reach your personal & professional goals.







									Start My Free Trial
										






Business & Professional Development

749 courses, 29,372 video tutorials.
									









										Start My Free Trial
										






Web Design & Web Dev

639 courses, 24,408 video tutorials.










										Start My Free Trial
										






Marketing & Sales

88 courses, 2,493 video tutorials.










										Start My Free Trial
										






Mobile App Development

384 courses, 16,115 video tutorials.










										Start My Free Trial
										






Design & Photography

1,109 courses, 52,250 video tutorials.









Start My Free Trial
Training 5 or more people? Contact us.






Popular Tools
Dive Deeper into Training on Popular Software Applications







										Start My Free Trial
										







Excel
Our Excel tutorials are designed to help you use Excel to analyze data on any level.

94 courses, 3,637 video tutorials.










										Start My Free Trial
										







Photoshop
Watch our expert-taught Photoshop tutorials and learn image editing, retouching, color correcting, and more.

389 courses, 19,886 video tutorials.










										Start My Free Trial
										







WordPress
Learn how to build a website or blog in WordPress.

70 courses, 1,561 video tutorials.










										Start My Free Trial
										







iOS/Swift
Want to build an iPhone or iPad app? Learn Swift, Apple's new programming language.

9 courses, 558 video tutorials.









Start My Free Trial
Training 5 or more people? Contact us.






Expert Teachers in Every Topic






Start My Free Trial







David Rivers
Author, trainer, and learning and development expert with over 20 years experience helping government and businesses increase their productivity.

107 courses



Featured Topicse-Learning, Student Tools, Educational TechnologyFeatured SoftwareMicrosoft Office, Articulate, Storyline, Evernote









Start My Free Trial







Guy Kawasaki
Evangelist, author, and speaker Guy Kawasaki shares his thoughts on a variety of topics centered on entrepreneurship.

3 courses



Featured Topicse-Learning, Student Tools, Educational TechnologyFeatured SoftwareMicrosoft Office, Articulate, Storyline, Evernote









Start My Free Trial







Ben Long
Ben Long is a photographer, writer, and teacher, authoring over two dozen books on digital photography and video.

33 courses



Featured Topicse-Learning, Student Tools, Educational TechnologyFeatured SoftwareMicrosoft Office, Articulate, Storyline, Evernote









Start My Free Trial







Ashley Kennedy
Ashley is a video post-production staff author for lynda.com. Previously, she taught at Columbia College at Avid.

17 courses



Featured Topicse-Learning, Student Tools, Educational TechnologyFeatured SoftwareMicrosoft Office, Articulate, Storyline, Evernote









Start My Free Trial
Training 5 or more people? Contact us.







					Learn business, creative, education and tech skills taught by expert instructors. Start streaming thousands of online video tutorials today.
				


Start My Free Trial
Training 5 or more people? Contact us.








Overview









































Lynda.com Signup












































Skip navigation








				Select a learning plan for your 30 day free trial

Keep learning. Start your 30 day free trial now!
You're almost there! Create an account.
How often would you like to be billed after your 30 day free trial?
One last step before enjoying your 30 day free trial!








Basic



				Premium
				Best Value




Average monthly cost after free trial ends
From $19.99
From $29.99


From $19.99
From $29.99






			Unlimited learning from all 5,953 courses
			











			Watch on your computer, phone, tablet or TV
			











			Cancel anytime and first 30 days are free
			











		Assess your progress with quizzes
		







 


			Project files to practice what you learn		
			











			Offline viewing to learn on the go
			









Continue




		This social account is already associated with a Lynda.com account.
		Reactivate your account.


 Continue with LinkedIn
or



Please enter a valid email address.



Please enter a password that's at least 6 characters with 1 number and 1 letter.

Show

Continue



		By clicking one of the buttons above, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Policy. We’ll share offers with you by email. You can update your email preferences anytime.
	






Annually
30 day free trial 
then averages $29.99/month
Best Value





Monthly
30 day free trial 
then $34.99/month







Cost before discount ($34.99 × 12 months)
$419.88


Annual discount
-$60.00


Total after free trial ($29.99 × 12 months)
$359.88


Today's Total
$0.00


Total after free trial
$34.99


Today's Total
$0.00


Continue






			Plan selected: Premium, billed annually
Edit


			You pay $0.00 for your free trial which begins today and ends 8/24/2017.
		

			Cancel anytime before your free trial ends to avoid future charges.
		



Credit/Debit Card









Please enter your first name.
Please enter your last name.






Please enter a valid zipcode.



Please select your billing country.

Please select your billing country.
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Curaçao
Sint Maarten
Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba
South Sudan




Start my free trial!
Purchase Now


 128-bit SSL encryption

By clicking "Start my free trial," you confirm your agreement with the Terms and Privacy Policy.
By clicking "Purchase Now," you confirm your agreement with the Terms and Privacy Policy.
			You'll pay $359.88 per year once your free trial ends until you cancel (learn how).
			To avoid service interruptions, we'll store your payment method and update it on expiration.
		


Connect to PayPal. (You won't be charged until the order is placed.)
By clicking "Continue To Paypal", you agree that your payment method provided above will be charged $359.88/year unless you cancel (learn how).
Continue to PayPal





			Need to train more than 4 people? Call 888-335-9632 or contact us.
		









				3.5x
			

				Members with Lynda Certificates received +3.5x more inbound career opportunities. 





The education I got from Lynda.com helped me work with industry pros and know what I'm talking about.
Jason & Nirasha Rodriguez


I really benefit from the motivational courses as much as the technical ones. Keep doing what you do; you're like an online mentor to me.
Ian Garside


Great program. I love the fact I can hop on at any time for personal enrichment or use with my team at work!
Lynn Jernigan


I'm enjoying your branching out into soft skills AND your focus on specific IT certification topics. Keep up the good work.
Timothy Walker





				Frequently Asked Questions
			

Will I be charged during my free trial?
				No, you won't be charged during your free trial which begins today, and ends on August 24, 2017. You can cancel anytime before August 25, 2017 to avoid being charged.
			

How can I cancel during my free trial?
				We make it easy for you to cancel online. Just look for the link on your account + billing page or contact us at 1-888-33-LYNDA
			

What happens after the free trial period?
				You'll automatically be charged your plan's rate on  unless you decide to cancel your account.
			

Will I get updates from Lynda?
				We'll share new courses, recommended content and special offers with you by email. You can update your email preferences at any time.
			





































































Lynda: Online Courses, Classes, Training, Tutorials













































Skip navigation







Learn a new skill online, on your time
5,953 courses in Business, Technology and Creative Skills taught by industry experts.
Try Lynda.com free for 30 days.
Start My Free Trial













Software Development
Over 600 courses
Preview Subject













Design
Over 700 courses
Preview Subject













Business
Over 1,200 courses
Preview Subject













Web Development
Over 700 courses
Preview Subject













Photography
Over 700 courses
Preview Subject















Unlimited Access
Choose what you'd like to learn from our extensive subscription library.





Expert Teachers
Learn from industry experts who are passionate about teaching.





Learn Anywhere
Switch between your computer, tablet, or mobile device.





Start My Free Trial





Browse Our Top Courses


Developer




Developer


Business


Design


Web


Photography


Marketing

























Visual Basic Essential Training
David Gassner



4h 18m
678,570 Views























Learning Hadoop
Lynn Langit



4h 48m
1,365,704 Views























iOS 8 App Development with Swift 1 Essential Training
Simon Allardice



5h 48m
1,065,779 Views























Learning PhoneGap Build (2014)
Chris Griffith



1h 32m
320,509 Views























Visual Studio 2013 for Web Developers
Michael Lehman



1h 44m
177,360 Views























iOS App Development Essential Training
Simon Allardice



6h 16m
1,202,011 Views























Objective-C Essential Training
Simon Allardice



6h 2m
1,167,408 Views























Programming Foundations: Web Services
David Gassner



3h 17m
777,765 Views





 






















Management Tips Weekly
Todd Dewett



5h 35m
2,400,175 Views























Communication Tips Weekly
Tatiana Kolovou



3h 42m
1,969,329 Views























Small Business Secrets
Dave Crenshaw



6h 54m
728,732 Views























Getting Things Done
David Allen



1h 32m
1,125,332 Views























Communication
John Ullmen



2h 5m
2,028,922 Views























Freelancing Foundations
Tom Geller



2h 12m
634,435 Views





 






















Deke's Techniques
Deke McClelland



106h 4m
2,063,723 Views























InDesign Secrets
David Blatner



26h 33m
1,862,168 Views























Logo Design: Techniques
Nigel French



4h 58m
1,077,977 Views























Introduction to Graphic Design
Justin Seeley



6h 16m
1,717,302 Views























Illustrator CC 2015 Essential Training
Justin Seeley



6h 43m
3,776,403 Views























Drawing Vector Graphics
Von Glitschka



3h 14m
1,164,838 Views























Creative Quick Tips
Justin Seeley



7h 1m
751,243 Views























Adobe Digital Publishing Suite Essential Training
Bob Levine



2h 33m
399,576 Views





 






















WordPress Essential Training
Morten Rand-Hendriksen



5h 28m
4,456,047 Views























HTML Essential Training
James Williamson



5h 54m
6,857,874 Views























PHP with MySQL Essential Training
Kevin Skoglund



14h 32m
5,655,016 Views























PHP with MySQL Beyond the Basics
Kevin Skoglund



10h 26m
2,582,776 Views























Creating a Responsive HTML Email
Chris Converse



1h 43m
906,652 Views























Ruby on Rails 4 Essential Training
Kevin Skoglund



12h 41m
1,761,466 Views























Joomla! 3 Essential Training
Jen Kramer



9h 41m
1,325,312 Views























Dreamweaver and WordPress: Core Concepts
Joseph Lowery



5h 44m
575,702 Views





 






















The Practicing Photographer
Ben Long



23h 54m
2,297,082 Views























Green Screen Techniques for Video and Photography
Richard Harrington



3h 15m
551,405 Views























Canon 5D Mark III Essential Training
Ben Long



5h 30m
1,689,214 Views























Learning to Shoot with the GoPro HERO 3
Richard Harrington



4h 21m
661,906 Views























Photoshop CC for Photographers: The Basics
Chris Orwig



8h 26m
1,130,581 Views























Photoshop CC 2013 Essential Training
Julieanne Kost



14h 58m
3,415,523 Views























Photography Foundations: Flash
Ben Long



3h 9m
1,123,965 Views























Creating Time-Lapse Video
Richard Harrington



3h 27m
705,493 Views





 






















Marketing Tips Weekly
Brad Batesole



9h 28m
773,733 Views























Online Marketing Foundations
Brad Batesole



3h 48m
3,681,164 Views























SEO Foundations
David Booth



3h 27m
2,764,839 Views























Mobile Marketing Foundations
Michael Becker



3h 35m
529,981 Views























Learning Online Marketing
Lorrie Thomas Ross



1h 47m
1,687,693 Views





 



Start My Free Trial
Browse Developer Courses
Browse Business Courses
Browse Design Courses
Browse Web Courses
Browse Photography Courses
Browse Marketing Courses







Stay Sharp. Get ahead with Learning Paths.





Become a Digital Marketer
Learning Path • 23 hours






Become a Digital Illustrator
Learning Path • 32 hours








Become a Front-End Web Developer
Learning Path • 44 hours






Become a Graphic Designer
Learning Path • 24 hours








Become a Manager
Learning Path • 10 hours






Become an IT Security Specialist
Learning Path • 21 hours








Become a Windows System Administrator (Server 2012 R2)
Learning Path • 45 hours







Become a Project Coordinator
Learning Path • 16 hours














I learned most of my programming skills and database management skills through self-study and the material available on Lynda.com.
–Jules, Database Manager





Ben Long is the best, 90% of what I know about photography I've learned from watching his videos on Lynda.com.
–Paul, Photography Director





I've been out of college for about two years, Lynda.com has changed my outlook on my career. Taking the foundational courses in marketing has helped me launch my career.
–Jenny, Associate Marketing











Need to train 5 or more people?
We offer flexible, cost-effective group memberships for your business, school, or government organization. Contact Us















Limitless learning, limitless possibilities
Learning can happen anywhere with our apps on your computer, mobile device, and TV, featuring enhanced navigation and faster streaming for anytime learning.
Start My Free Trial











×
Site feedback



Thank you for taking the time to let us know what you think of our site.


We're sorry.
We were unable to submit your feedback.
Try again





Name




Email




Subject







Comments







Privacy policy
Cancel
Submit





































































Online Video Tutorials at lynda.com • lynda.com





































Skip navigation












Online Video Tutorials

Acquire New Skills.Advance Your Career.Expand Your Mind.Video Training Taught By Experts. Get Started Today!

Learn new business, creative, & tech skills with expert-led online video tutorials– anytime, anywhere.
Try lynda.com free for 30 days.
Start My Free Trial
Watch Overview
Training 5 or more people? Contact us.












Unlimited Access
Choose what you’d like to learn from our extensive subscription library.





Expert Teachers
Learn from industry experts who are passionate about teaching.





Learn Anywhere
Switch between your computer, tablet, or mobile device.





Start My Free Trial
Training 5 or more people? Contact us.






Popular Training Topics
Some of our most popular learning topics  to help you reach your personal & professional goals.







									Start My Free Trial
										






Business & Professional Development

749 courses, 29,372 video tutorials.
									









										Start My Free Trial
										






Web Design & Web Dev

639 courses, 24,408 video tutorials.










										Start My Free Trial
										






Marketing & Sales

88 courses, 2,493 video tutorials.










										Start My Free Trial
										






Mobile App Development

384 courses, 16,115 video tutorials.










										Start My Free Trial
										






Design & Photography

1,109 courses, 52,250 video tutorials.









Start My Free Trial
Training 5 or more people? Contact us.






Popular Tools
Dive Deeper into Training on Popular Software Applications







										Start My Free Trial
										







Excel
Our Excel tutorials are designed to help you use Excel to analyze data on any level.

94 courses, 3,637 video tutorials.










										Start My Free Trial
										







Photoshop
Watch our expert-taught Photoshop tutorials and learn image editing, retouching, color correcting, and more.

389 courses, 19,886 video tutorials.










										Start My Free Trial
										







WordPress
Learn how to build a website or blog in WordPress.

70 courses, 1,561 video tutorials.










										Start My Free Trial
										







iOS/Swift
Want to build an iPhone or iPad app? Learn Swift, Apple's new programming language.

9 courses, 558 video tutorials.









Start My Free Trial
Training 5 or more people? Contact us.






Expert Teachers in Every Topic






Start My Free Trial







David Rivers
Author, trainer, and learning and development expert with over 20 years experience helping government and businesses increase their productivity.

107 courses



Featured Topicse-Learning, Student Tools, Educational TechnologyFeatured SoftwareMicrosoft Office, Articulate, Storyline, Evernote









Start My Free Trial







Guy Kawasaki
Evangelist, author, and speaker Guy Kawasaki shares his thoughts on a variety of topics centered on entrepreneurship.

3 courses



Featured Topicse-Learning, Student Tools, Educational TechnologyFeatured SoftwareMicrosoft Office, Articulate, Storyline, Evernote









Start My Free Trial







Ben Long
Ben Long is a photographer, writer, and teacher, authoring over two dozen books on digital photography and video.

33 courses



Featured Topicse-Learning, Student Tools, Educational TechnologyFeatured SoftwareMicrosoft Office, Articulate, Storyline, Evernote









Start My Free Trial







Ashley Kennedy
Ashley is a video post-production staff author for lynda.com. Previously, she taught at Columbia College at Avid.

17 courses



Featured Topicse-Learning, Student Tools, Educational TechnologyFeatured SoftwareMicrosoft Office, Articulate, Storyline, Evernote









Start My Free Trial
Training 5 or more people? Contact us.







					Learn business, creative, education and tech skills taught by expert instructors. Start streaming thousands of online video tutorials today.
				


Start My Free Trial
Training 5 or more people? Contact us.








Overview









































eLearning and Skill Development for Organizations | LinkedIn Learning Solutions
















































linkedin-logo-full



























linkedin-logo-icon































logo-404-front















logo-404-back





















































































































































































































LinkedIn
Learning with Lynda.com content












































 Develop talent and keep skills current 
 Continuing 20 years of industry-leading experience from Lynda.com 


Product Overview


Get a free demo
















 Personalized skills development 
 Anytime, anywhere on desktop or mobile devices 


Get a free demo
















 2017 Workplace Learning Report 
 Gain insights on top trends and challenges from 500 L&D professionals 


Get the report

























 Develop managers and leaders 
 The #1 objective of L&D pros is to develop managers and leaders. The most important skills to train are people management and soft skills. 









 Close job-related skill gaps 
 The average shelf life of skills is less than 5 years. Among L&D pros, 53% say their strategy is focused on technical skills and 47% on soft skills. 









 Keep your learners productive 
 Organizations that embrace a culture of learning can boost employee productivity by up to 50%.* 











 Expert-led, on-demand eLearning 













For Businesses
Promote professional development, solve problems and keep everyone current


Learn more












For Higher Education
Inspire faculty, staff and students with engaging, high-quality video tutorials


Learn more












For Government Agencies
Maximize budgets and develop/retain your employees with on-demand eLearning


Learn more












For Libraries
Provide skill-building job training to patrons & staff


Learn more








0




1




2




3












 Trusted by leading enterprise organizations 






































 Over 10,000 online training and development courses 
 More than 25 new tutorials added each week 


























Business Build skills for leadership, communication, online marketing, project management, productivity tools and more.






Technology Offer IT training on networks, big data, business intelligence and a wide range of essential applications.








Learn more about our content










Creative Inspire learning in design, video, 3D animation and photography. Keep anyone up to date on hundreds of tools.

































 "We want a continuous learning organization, and LinkedIn Learning is going to help us foster that. The power of connections and the network, and being able to share recommendations – this is going to be really engaging and really different than any other offering that I’m aware of."  Patti Barker Senior Director of Learning & Development, Ellie Mae 










 Ellie Mae drives talent development and company culture with LinkedIn Learning 








 Ellie Mae recognized an innate curiosity in its employees and wanted to foster and tap into that to build a culture of learning. Ellie Mae is excited to provide its employees a learning platform that transforms skills development and fuels employee engagement. 


Read the case study































 Explore learning trends and stories 
















2017 Workplace Learning Report





Talent is what differentiates culture and drives growth at organizations. Gain insights on top trends and challenges from 500 L&D professionals.


Get the 2017 report










Developing Employees Into Leaders





This interactive workbook will help transform the way your leaders are sourced, developed, and retained.


Get the Interactive Guide + Workbook













The complexity of maintaining several sources of eLearning motivated the L&D team to replace some options with a single, easy-to-use offering ideal for JIT microlearning.


Read the case study









0




1




2
















*Learning at the Speed of Business, McKinsey & Company, May 2016 How the Digital Skills Gap is Killing Productivity IBM















 Start developing your talent today 


Get a free demo











Chat with sales







Talk to a LinkedIn Learning sales specialist.


Chat now





















