








James F. Major Jr. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















James F. Major Jr.
Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer at BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you James F. Major Jr.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James F. Major Jr.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in James F. Major Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James F. Major Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James F. Major Jr. through your network of contacts.
												








James F. Major Jr.'s Executive Work History


Current


Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, 
BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.


Past
To view James F. Major Jr.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
45

 
 


James F. Major Jr.'s Biography



Mr. Major has been an executive officer of the Company since 2005. He is currently our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and is responsible for finance, credit and information technology activities. Mr. Major has substantial expertise in financial planning, analysis and reporting, tax planning and compliance. Mr. Major joined our Company in 1998 as Assistant Controller. Prior to that, he was an audit manager with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Major received a bachelor's degree from Wake Forest University in 1993. He is a certified public accountant (North Carolina) and has attended management programs at the D ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Major has been an executive officer of the Company since 2005. He is currently our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and is responsible for finance, credit and information technology activities. Mr. Major has substantial expertise in financial planning, analysis and reporting, tax planning and compliance. Mr. Major joined our Company in 1998 as Assistant Controller. Prior to that, he was an audit manager with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Major received a bachelor's degree from Wake Forest University in 1993. He is a certified public accountant (North Carolina) and has attended management programs at the Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia and the International Institute for Management Development in Lausanne, Switzerland.
		
Source: BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. on 03/27/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James F. Major Jr.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like James F. Major Jr.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in James F. Major Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James F. Major Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James F. Major Jr. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: James F. Major Jr.


















James F. Major Jr.'s Connections (29)





Sign up now to view James F. Major Jr.'s 29 connections »









Thomas J. Barnes
Senior Vice President, Supply Chain and Operations, BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.









David L. Keltner
Former Board Member, BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.









Paul S. Street
Employee, BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.









Barry J. Goldstein
Board Member, Kraton Corporation









Jeffrey G. Rea
Dir., Former President and Chief Executive Officer, BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.









Michael T. Miller
Dir., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Installed Building Products, Inc.









Carl R. Vertuca
Board Member, BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.









Robert E. Mellor
Chairman of the Board, Coeur Mining, Inc.









Lisa M. Hamblet
Executive Vice President, eBusiness and Pro Remodeler Segment, BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.









James O'Leary
Former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Kaydon Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















James F. Major Jr.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 12:42 AM ET
Trading Companies and Distributors

Company Overview of BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
James F. Major Jr.Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer, BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 1 different industries.45$739,365As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. James F. Major, Jr., also known as Jim, serves as Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer at BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. and has been its Principal Accounting Officer since March 15, 2017. Mr. Major is responsible for finance and credit activities of BMC Stock Holdings. He served as the Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer at Stock Building Supply Holdings, Inc., and its Executive Vice President since 2005. He has ... substantial expertise in financial planning, analysis and reporting, tax planning and compliance. Mr. Major is experienced in multiple types of transactions, including acquisitions and real estate. Mr. Major joined Stock in 1998 as Assistant Controller. Prior to that, he served as an Audit Manager with PricewaterhouseCoopers. He is a Certified Public Accountant and has attended Management Programs at the University of Virginia's Darden School of Business and the International Institute for Management Development in Lausanne, Switzerland. Mr. Major holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting degree from Wake Forest University in 1993.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Two Lakeside CommonsAtlanta, Georgia 30328United StatesPhone: 678-222-1219Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BS 1993Wake Forest University
Other Affiliations
Stock Building Supply Holdings, Inc.Wake Forest University


Annual Compensation
Salary$417,308Total Annual Compensation$417,308
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$30,932Exercisable Options$96,449Exercisable Options Value$531,949Total Value of Options$531,948Total Number of Options$96,449
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$739,365Total Short Term Compensation$417,308Other Long Term Compensation$30,932Total Calculated Compensation$739,365




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact BMC Stock Holdings, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	Press Briefing by Major General James F. Martin Jr. on the President's Fiscal Year 2018 Defense Budget for the Air Force > U.S. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE > Transcript View

































Department of Defense






Search






QUICK LINKS
Today in DoDResourcesContractsFAQsContact DoD


Legal & Administrative
Privacy & SecurityLinks DisclaimerInspector GeneralSection 508Imagery UseFOIANo FEAR ActWeb PolicyPlain Writing ActOpen GOVStrategic PlanSmall Business ActSite Map




Skip to main content (Press Enter).




Today in DoDResourcesContractsFAQsContact DoD






Toggle navigation






Department of Defense


Department of Defense




















U.S. Department of Defense






Search













HomeNewsTranscriptsTranscript View















        News Transcript
    
Press Briefing by Major General James F. Martin Jr. on the President's Fiscal Year 2018 Defense Budget for the Air Force 
Press Operations

        Major General James F. Martin Jr., Air Force Deputy Assistant Secretary for Budget; Carolyn Gleason, Air Force Deputy Director for Budget 
        May 23, 2017
    















PRINT | E-MAIL


STAFF:  Ladies and gentlemen, I'm Captain Hope Cronin, Air Force public affairs.  Thank you for being here today with us.

We'll begin our briefing in just a moment.  First, just to reiterate ground rules.  One question, one follow-up, please, so we can get through as many questions as possible.  Additionally, I'll give a final question towards the end.

As a reminder, tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning, we'll have the Air Force space budget rollout.  It is a separate budget rollout.  If you'd like more information about that, please find me afterwards and I'll give you further details.

Without any further ado, ladies and gentleman, General Martin and Ms. Gleason.

MAJOR GENERAL JAMES F. MARTIN JR.:  Great.  Good afternoon, everyone.  I'm Major General Jim Martin, Air Force director of budget.  And I'm joined by my deputy, Ms. Carolyn Gleason.

So we appreciate the opportunity to provide highlights of our F.Y. '18 budget.  

Next slide.

Let me get right to the message and start with the bottom line up front.  I think what you'll see in this budget that our message and our budget is consistent with what we've done over the last two years.  For the last 70 years, though, American airmen have always been there breaking barriers, dominating the high ground, and providing unmatched global vigilance, reach and power as part of the world's greatest joint warfighting team.

The unique capabilities that we bring are foundational to the joint force and our nation.  But 26 years of continuous combat operations and budget uncertainty have taken their toll.  Since 2014, the world has changed and it continues to remain very unstable.  Today, Air Force capabilities are in high demand, and that demand will only continue to grow.

To meet the demands now and in the future, we believe our F.Y. '18 budget request sets the conditions to improve readiness, field critical capability gaps, and build future lethality, but it will take time and it will take additional resources. 

To be successful, we will need an increase over BCA caps as well as predictable, sufficient and flexible budgets so we can recover readiness and build a more capable and lethal force for the future.  Next slide.

As always, we work hard to make every dollar count.  So we use a very deliberate process to link resources with strategic guidance, combatant commander expectations and the requirements of the joint force.

Our FY18 request is based on guidance from the secretary of defense and his commitment to strengthen our joint team by improving war fighter readiness, addressing critical shortfalls while building a larger, more capable and more lethal force.

Our budget request follows that guidance and puts priority on investing in airmen, readiness, combat air forces, nuclear deterrents, space and cyber capabilities as well as infrastructure -- all critical components for the joint force and the security of our nation.  Next slide.

Getting this right is important because Air Force capabilities are critical to the joint force.

Our challenge in a fiscally constrained environment is to maintain balance across all five core missions.  

As I said, American airmen active, guard, reserve and civilians are always there, dominating the high ground, leading and flawlessly executing our five core missions.

We are Americans 911 force, able to deliver full spectrum effects anywhere on the globe in a matter of hours.

We ensure freedom from attack and the ability to attack at a time and place of our choosing.  And the ability to operate freely in both peace time and war time.  We are the eyes and ears of the joint force.

We provide secure, survivable and timely command and control capabilities over multiple domains while at the same time protecting the homeland and ensuring a strong nuclear deterrence.  

To meet current and future demands we must invest in capabilities to fight and win today but also the capabilities needed to fight and win 5, 10, 15, 20 years from now.  Next slide.

On the last slide you saw a number of platforms, but it's our people that make us the world's greatest air force.  

Behind every one of those weapons systems are airmen who support and develop, maintain and operate those platforms, delivering the unique capabilities that we provide to the joint force.

Our airmen remain engaged 24/7, 365 days a year, at home and abroad.  As we speak, more than 100,000 airmen stand watch in deployed locations around the world.

All the while thousands of airmen protect the homeland, fight from home station and stand alert 24/7 supporting two legs of our nation's nuclear triad.

What you see on this slide are highlights of what are airmen are do - what our airmen bring to the fight.  They are foundational to successful joint operations around the world.  They are always there at the beginning, the middle and the end of every operation.

They're doing great things for our nation in very tough conditions.  So it's our moral obligation to ensure all airmen we send into harm's way are properly trained, equipped and led so they can be successful as part of the joint team.

To help, we are working to revitalize squadrons across the Air Force.  It's the most essential level of command, where readiness is generated and sustained, where airmen and families thrive and where the missions of the Air Force succeed.  Next slide.

America's Air Force is still great, but 26 years of continuous combat operations have taken their toll.  However, America's expectations of our Air Force are still shaped by the incredible success of Operation Desert Storm.  

But the reality is we are not the same Air Force we were back then.  Back then we had 134 combat-coded fighter squadrons.  Today we have 55.  

Today we have 30 percent fewer people, 37 percent fewer aircraft, and the average age of our aircraft is 27 years.  And our readiness level remains challenged at a time when we're busier in our history.  All of this while the world remains unstable and the demand for Air Force capabilities continues to grow. 

Since August 2014, the Air Force has led the global response against violent extremist organizations.  And we remain heavily engaged in Afghanistan.  We're facing a resurgent Russia, a rising China, an unpredictable North Korea and multiple hot spots around the globe.  

The capability gap is closing fast.  Advanced air defenses and radars are becoming more common.  And competitors continue to invest in new technology in their own fifth-generation aircraft.  Space and cyber domains are becoming more congested and contested.  

And what we've learned is that future conflicts and contentions will be transregional, multifunctional, multi-domain, and will require fast action by joint and coalition forces.  Our joint team, our allies and our nation expect the Air Force to respond quickly with overwhelming force to dominate the high ground throughout every phase of every conflict. 

Next slide.  

This chart illustrates some of the challenges I described on a previous chart, and the budget uncertainty we have faced over the last five years.  That budget uncertainty, sequestration and operating at less-than-planned budget levels have forced us to make tough choices which resulted in lost capability, lost capacity and reduced readiness.  

At the same time, the world changed in 2014 and continues to remain unstable and more complex.  All driving increased demand and mission growth in ISR, space and cyber.  

So, we are grateful for the modest short-term relief provided by Congress in the last Bipartisan Budget Act, and the passage of the FY 2017 appropriation, which addressed many of our critical shortfalls.  Looking ahead to FY 2018, we believe our request sets the foundation to improve readiness and invest in capabilities needed for the future.  

However, FY 2018 is a pivotal year because the Budget Control Act and sequestration remain the law.  Without relief in BCA caps, it will drive a choice between ready and capable now or ready and capable in the future.  It's a false choice because we need both to be successful. 

Next slide. 

This slide highlights those choices.  What we can do if the FY 2018 budget is supported versus what could happen if we were forced to absorb large reductions. 

As you can see in the green box, the FY 2018 budget request allows us to sustain capacity to support combatant commanders' most urgent requirements.  It funds readiness components to support readiness recovery.  And invests in our people by filling critical capability gaps, and providing additional pay and entitlements.  

It allows us to fund munitions to capacity to support current ops and improve inventory requirements.  It will strengthen our nuclear enterprise and advance investments in space and cyber.  We can invest in our top recapitalization programs and maintain airlift capacity for worldwide demand.

Finally, we can invest in infrastructure for new mission bed-downs, training and readiness as we train and operate from bases at home and abroad.  

However, if the Air Force has to absorb large reductions, impacts to readiness, future modernization, infrastructure and people cannot be avoided.  That's where the money is, and those are the accounts that you can dial-down quickly.  To pay the bill, we would have to consider all options such as reducing force structure, delaying even more modernization programs, shortchanging readiness accounts, and delaying investments in our strategic assets such as nuclear, space, ISR, and cyber.

Infrastructure would continue to suffer as we would be forced to take risk, an action we've repeated since F.Y. '13 sequestration.  And worst of all, it would impact people, both their quality of life and their quality of service.  The bottom line, all these choices are bad.  We simply can't afford the risk of returning to BCA.

So we need predictable, stable budgets with sufficient funding so we can plan for the Air Force that we need now and in the future.  

Next slide.

Now, let's take a look at the highlights of our F.Y. '18 budget.  For comparison, the bar on the left is our F.Y. '17 enacted budget.  The bar on the right is our F.Y. '18 budget request.  It represents our total force budget to include active duty, guard and reserve components.  The top block is what we refer to as non-blue, which is the portion of the Air Force budget that is managed by other departments or agencies.

The remainder of the budget, or the Air Force blue budget baseline, is the focus for today's brief.  In the brackets, you'll see the Air Force budget for F.Y. '18 is approximately $132.4 billion, which is roughly 23 percent of DOD's F.Y. '18 budget.  Of the $132.4 billion, approximately $80 billion or 60 percent supports day-to-day operations.

Military and civilian pay make up 52 percent of the day-to-day operating costs; flying hours, weapons system sustainment, and missions executed at our major commands total 39 percent of the funding.  Facility requirements and installation support represent the remaining 9 percent of the total operating costs.

The blue and the gray boxes at the bottom summarize our top procurement and largest RDT&E programs.  These programs total approximately $29 billion or about 55 percent of our investment accounts.  So I'll go back to what I said on the previous slide.  So you can see that the largest portions of our budget are in people, readiness and modernization.  So when forced to take large reductions, we simply cannot avoid impacts in these areas.

Now, we'll look at each appropriation, starting with military personnel.  The Air Force's number one priority remains people.  Growing end-strength is crucial for readiness recovery, and readiness depends on the contributions of the total force, active, guard and reserve.  Our request grows total force end-strength to approximately 502,000, a total force increase of 5,800 from F.Y. '17.  It increases the active duty force by 4,100 with an increase of 1,700 for the guard and reserve.  

This budget begins to address the pilot shortage by adding training capacity in our formal training units, while also ingesting our incentive pay structure.  It will provide the personnel to support two new F-16 flying training units and other initiatives to increase pilot production and training.  We will increase pilot retention bonuses from $25,000 to $35,000 per year, the first increase since 1999.

This budget will allow us to continue our progress in tackling maintenance manpower shortfalls, while also addressing critical capability gaps in critical career fields, such as nuclear, cyber and the RPA enterprise.  To help with the retention, we will continue to offer incentive pays and bonuses to encourage experienced airmen to stay.  We will also continue higher tenure extensions for personnel in key career fields to further retain experience.  

Additionally, this budget allows us to add 200 recruiters and personnel to right-size the training pipeline to support over 29,000 enlisted accessions.  Furthermore, with our chief priority to revitalize our squadrons, this budget also adds over 200 commander support staff personnel to ease the burden of additional duties, which allows airmen to focus on their core mission.  

Finally, the F.Y. '18 budget requests a 2.1 pay raise for our airmen, while also funding the new blended retirement system, which will be effective 1 January 2018.  Next slide.  

The F.Y. '18 operational maintenance budget prioritizes readiness recovery and provides funding for vital support to our airmen and their families.  The O&M request fully supports the Air Force top priority to grow total force of military and strength by funding recruiting, infrastructure and training efforts aimed at addressing critical shortfalls discussed on the previous slide.  

As we have said over the last few years, readiness recovery is not a short-term fix.  It will take years to fully rebuild.  To keep us on the path to readiness recovery, we will continue funding flying hours to executable levels and weapons system sustainment to mirror capacity.  We also continue to invest in ranges, simulators and critical skills training, such as combat flag exercises and advanced weapons tools.  

To go along with the manpower, the requests funds O&M requirements for two additional F-16 training squadrons at Holloman Air Force Base.  Last year, we began an effort to free-up skilled maintainers to transition to the F-35 fleet by contracting maintenance support at some of our active duty training units.  This budget continues that effort.  This budget also support 60 RPA combat lines, with a surge capability of an additional 10 government-owned, contractor-operated, combat lines funded with OCO.  

This request fully funds cyber mission teams.  In F.Y. '18, we are on-track to grow from 30 to 39 operational teams.  We'll continue to fund ICBM sustainment, key NC3 upgrades, and continue our commitment to advance space capabilities.  

It helps fix aging infrastructure by funding facility sustainment at 80 percent and restoration and modernization repair at 1.9 percent for the plant replacement value.  This budget also takes care of our airmen and their families.  We improve a number of quality of life military family programs, increase personnel at our family support centers, and fund 961 civilian positions on the command support staff to support the chief of staff priority to reinvigorate squadrons, complementing the 200 military funded in the MILPERS appropriation.

This budget also funds 449 dedicated sexual assault prevention and response personnel.  Finally, this budget supports a 1.9 percent pay raise for our civilian airmen.  Next slide.  Our -- our FY '18 procurement budget preserves our top modernization programs, sustains our space procurement strategy, invests in the nuclear enterprise, and funds munitions to capacity.

This budget procures 46 F-35s, 15 KC-46s, and five MC-130Js and two AC-130Js while also continuing modernization efforts for our fourth and fifth generation aircraft.  For munitions, as we've discussed, we remain challenged by the pace of current operations.  Therefore, for preferred munitions such as JDAM, SDB-I and Hellfire, we will fund to capacity between base and OCO and begin to replenish our inventories.

For readiness improvements, we'll invest in upgrading and expanding combat training range capabilities.  We also provide funding for battlefield airmen so they will have the equipment they need to remain agile and lethal.  As space becomes more congested and contested, the Air Force remains committed to advancing our capabilities to operate in that environment.

FY '18 is the last of the block buy for SBIRS-GEO 5 and 6, and we'll begin long lead procurement for SBIRS-GEO 7 and 8.  This budget also supports our goal of maintaining the shared access to space with funding for three competitive launch opportunities.  So the next slide shows our major procurement quantities.  These are the planned procurement quantities for the budget which show both base and OCO, both aircraft and space procurement quantities remain fairly constant.

However, based on current demand, as we talked about on the previous slide, we'll put emphasis on replenishing our weapons inventory.  Continuing what we start in FY '17, again, we are buying preferred munitions to capacity.  Next slide.  For research development tests and evaluation appropriation, you know, the Air Force -- you know, innovation has always been at the core of the Air Force identity.

And it's -- it's been a big part of our history.  So what RDT&E funding allows us to do is to take an idea to -- to leap an idea to technology we'll use every day.  So just imagine our world without GPS.  As I mentioned, the capability gap is closing and we must continue to invest in game-changing technology such as hypersonics, directed energy, unmanned autonomous systems, and nanotechnology.

To ensure our nuclear forces remain capable and credible, this request provides funding for future nuclear capabilities with significant increases to the long-range standoff weapon and the ground-based strategic deterrence.  In order to combat the cyber threat, we are investing in an offensive and defensive initiatives to train and equip our cyber forces with capabilities that they need to defend the nation.

This request also funds our next generation bomber as the program progresses into detailed design.  The B-21 Raider will provide critical operational flexibility across a wide range of military options, providing both conventional and nuclear capabilities.  

This budget request also invests in the Adaptive Engine Transition Program, a program that will deliver revolutionary next-generation propulsion systems for multiple combat aircraft applications.  

Finally, our request increases operational systems development to upgrade fourth- and fifth-gen legacy aircraft, such as the F-22.

Next slide.

For our military construction, we are focusing on new weapon system bed-downs, strengthening the nuclear enterprise, and providing facilities for central training requirements.  This budget supports combatant commanders' highest construction priorities, and improves our posture of forces in Europe, and enhance Asia-Pacific resiliency.

This slide highlights the major projects for active guard and reserve.  The overall Air Force's FY-18 MILCON budget represents a balanced approach to ensure critical infrastructure and requirements meet mission needs, operational timelines, and enhance our capability to respond globally to man-made -- to man-made and natural threats.

So ready -- ready and resilient installations are a critical part of -- of Air Force operations.  We have said that infrastructure is a readiness issue, and since FY-12, we have deferred a number of current mission projects.  So with additional funding, we could execute up to $265 million in new construction. [Sic: $437 million in new construction]

Next slide -- For the overseas contingency operations, your Air Force is leading the fight against violent extremist organizations.  We have dropped over 56,000 munitions, over 70 percent of the total.  MQ-1 and MQ-9 aircrews have flown more than 351,000 hours.  We fly an average of more than 70 sorties per day, and participate in 70 percent of coalition airstrikes.  This year's OCO request is $13.9 billion, and supports the efforts on the slide by funding flying hours, weapon systems sustainment, and day-to-day operating costs for six enduring locations in the CENTCOM AOR.  

In addition to the munitions buys included in our baseline budget request, OCO is requested to replace nearly 23,000 preferred munitions.  

And lastly, this request funds MILCON airfield projects in AFRICOM [Sic: CENTCOM], and supports the European Reassurance Initiative by investing in critical infrastructure such as airfields, aircraft hangers, and munitions storage facilities.

Next slide -- As I mentioned earlier, the FY-18 budget request sets the foundation to improve readiness, fixed capability gaps, and improve future lethality.  But as I mentioned, the demand for Air Force capabilities continues to exceed available resources.  So this slide just highlights some of those areas where additional resources could be applied, and illustrates the need for predictable, sufficient and flexible budgets in the future.

Next slide -- So to conclude today's briefing, here are the highlights that I want to leave you with:

For the past 70 years, American airman are always there, dominating the high ground, delivering global vigilance reach and power.  But the demand for current and future airpower, air and space power, exceeds supply.  The Air Force's FY-18 budget is our best attempt to apply limited resources to build a more capable and lethal force, one that is ready today and one that is ready tomorrow.

As I said, this will be a long term effort.  To be successful we will need relief from BCA caps as well as predictable, sufficient and flexible budgets.

The importance of airpower has not changed in the last 70 years and the demand for air and space power will continue to grow.

So, we must be prepared to dominate the skies above the Earth.  Our airmen and our joint team deserve it and our nation expects it.  Next slide.

So, as always, we provide you the website to our link that has all our budget projects, our -- our products to include the budget overview book, this budget brief as well as all our detailed justification material.

So, with that, we'll open it up for questions.  

Tony ?.

Q:  Quick one -- couple quick ones.  The presidential aircraft program -- $431 million for R&D.  What does that buy and is that a reduction from what was projected last year for '18?

DEPUTY DIRECTOR CAROLYN GLEASON:  So there's no content change in PAR.  It reflects the current acquisition strategy (inaudible) and -- and the new requirements baseline -- and it's based -- it's informed by Boeing's risk reduction activity so it's basically a change in a cost estimate and reflects the same content.

Q:  (off mic) looked back at last year versus '18 it -- it would be a higher number and...

MS. GLEASON:  That's correct.

Q:  This reflects a more refined estimate?

MS. GLEASON:  It's a rephrasing, yes, and you'll see that a couple of places.

So one thing the Air Force does is every time we get new cost estimates we lay that into our budget.  We review our -- correct -- we review our investment programs continually through the year but really in support of the big budget activities and so you'll see that in a couple of our programs.

Q:  (off mic)  There's a little footnote there that said you're moving like a billion dollars of R&D -- O&M money to R&D to pay for 10,000 employees, what's that about and doesn't that take away $1.1 billion for R&D programs?

GEN. MARTIN:  No it's -- well, no it's really budget neutral.  All we're doing is moving about 10,000 employees that do -- that do RDT&E work, acquisition professionals, from -- from the O&M account into that appropriation.

MS. GLEASON:  It was just a realignment.

GEN. MARTIN:  Just a realignment.

MS. GLEASON:  It's really getting our entire acquisition workforce together because our -- our folks out at space and missile center and our folks in the F-35 were already paid out of the R&D account.  The remainder of our acquisition core was in O&M, so it was disjointed.

This gives us some flexibility, it aligns them better with the work that they perform which does...

(CROSSTALK)

Q:  (off mic)

GEN. MARTIN:  No.

MS. GLEASON:  We're not -- no -- no -- no.  It was a realignment, the money moved with the people...

GEN. MARTIN:  No.  Right.

Q:  Oh the money moved with the people?

MS. GLEASON:  The money moved with the people.

GEN. MARTIN:  Yes, because you'll see on the O&M slide there's a -- there's a decrease that -- in RTD&E there's an increase...

MS. GLEASON:  It's a plus.

GEN. MARTIN:  ... for the same amount.  Yes, you bet.  

So let's go with you ?.

Q:  Yes, Courtney Albon with Inside the Air Force".  

There's a -- a significant increase in B-21 RTD&E, is that -- is that just a shifting of funds that were reduced or shifted in the past or is that actually a ramp up in development?

MS. GLEASON:  So B-21 from the '17 budget to the '18 budget, there's not much change, it's just a natural progression of the program from '17 enacted to '18, it's moving into detailed design, there was a plan to ramp up in the programs.  It's fully funded and progressing like we would expect it to.

Q:  Can you also address the increase in next generation air dominance funding?  There's a significant growth there and what that funding will – will do?

GEN. MARTIN:  Yeah, that funds a study and analysis to really look at how we get after future threats.  So looking at capabilities that we need that we'll know, again, well into the future in some form by Air Force's 2030 superiority study that we're doing.

And, again, it goes back to what we said earlier, we have to be ready for not only what we need today but we better be ready for the potential threats, you know, 10, 20 years from now, because we know the capability gap is closing.

So this allows us to go out and think of new ways of doing business and again, I go back to the GPS example.  You know, just imagine a world without GPS.  We need to invest in technology that when it shows up, people go, ‘where'd that come from’ and that's what we're trying to do.

Q:  (off mic) Two quick questions.  So in the document that was sent out, there is a mention that the F-15s needs a SLEP of specifically for the fuselage longerons. But I am -- the language is a little bit unclear.  I'm wondering if that means that you committed to doing that SLEP or you're just sort of noting that the need is in there?

And then my second question is there's also a line that says you're extending the service life of the U-2, does that mean you're keeping it past 2019?  When is the -- the -- the new retirement date now?

GEN. MARTIN:  Yes, so I think you know, again getting back to our messages that you know, the world has changed so we're trying to maintain capacity and capability.  So we're dedicated just to making sure that the F-15 fleet remains viable and survivable and capable you know, in this new environment.  And regarding the U-2, we plan to keep that platform well into the future.

Q:  So what -- so what -- I mean previously, you've given a hard retirement date, when is -- is there not a...

(CROSSTALK)

GEN. MARTIN:  There is not a -- there is not a retirement date for the U-2 in this budget.

Q:  (off mic) For the foreseeable future?

GEN. MARTIN:  For the foreseeable future, that's correct because again, that's a capability that we need and we also need the capacity, as well.

Q:  So why the change, you were going to retire it and now you're not going to retire it?

GEN. MARTIN:  Well, I think if you look back to FY '15, if you look at that chart that has all the, you know, the budget uncertainty that we were faced; we were forced to pay a significant bill.  And if you remember back in FY '15, to pay a $5 billion bill, we looked to draw down the force, we took risk in munitions, we looked at force structure reductions.

But that was in February of '14 when we submitted that budget.  Well, the world changed in August of 2014, so we -- in the '16 and '17, we requested a budget that we need to meet today's threat, as well as try to maintain the balance for the future.  So it really gets back to maintaining capability and capacity that we need for the future.

Q:  Because they were going to replace it with the Global Hawk with upgraded sensors.

GEN. MARTIN:  That's correct.

Q:  So and that seemed to satisfy a lot of people, is that -- is it just that you have more money so you can keep both around longer or...

(CROSSTALK)

GEN. MARTIN:  Right or -- exactly, with more resources, we can keep both around and we -- and we need both to meet the demand for ISR.  Yes?

Q:  Paul Shinkman with U.S. News and World Report.

One of the biggest proportional changes in the entire DOD OCO Budget was the Air Force and military construction budget.  Can you talk about why the big change and where is that construction going to take place?

GEN. MARTIN:  Yes, we can.  In fact, lets get you the details exactly where that construction's going to take place.  But you know our overall budget for -- you're talking about the European Reassurance Initiative, right?

STAFF:  It wasn't specified...

Q:  All right, so that...

GEN. MARTIN:  OK.

Q:  ...is that where its -- its going?

GEN. MARTIN:  A portion of that is, but there's other -- there's other projects that are going around to support the enduring locations we have and I think I mentioned that we're also investing in some air fields in AFRICOM, too [Sic: CENTCOM].  But let us give you the detailed list of those projects after this briefing.

MS. GLEASON:  We could just get details.

GEN. MARTIN:  Yes, sir?

Q:  Steve Losey, the Air Force Times.

The budget overview referred to the Air Force seeking to reduce the dwell-deploy ratio for -- for airmen to increase training at home station.  Can you provide anymore detail on what kind of dwell-deploy ratio you're looking at for -- for what kind of airmen?

GEN. MARTIN:  Yes, so we're doing a number of initiatives to try to -- and again, our biggest issue is really the pilot shortage right now and the maintenance manpower shortfall.  So, if we get after some of that, that's going to increase the deploy-to-dwell, and give our folks time to train, and they'll deploy, but they'll also give them time to rest.

So we're trying to ramp-up pilot production from about 1,200 to 1,400 per year.  We mentioned the two training units that we're standing up.  We're bringing in more maintainers.  We're decreasing that shortfall, which will provide more aircraft availability.  Again, looking at more opportunities to train.  We talk about the relief in the support staff in the squadrons, which will allow pilots more time to train; maintainers to be out on the flight line.

So all those things will help in that effort.  And it's not just in -- with the pilots and the maintainers, but it's in the RPA enterprise, all those critical peripherals that have been stressed with that -- with that problem.  We're trying to get after all of that.

Q:  (unidentified speaker) So, the overall DOD program acquisition costs by weapons system booklet indicated that the Air Force is buying two JLTVs this year.  Can you talk a little bit about why that's happening?  Is that like a proof of concept?  Or is the Air Force officially joining that program now?

MS. GLEASON:  I will have to get you an answer.  I don't know the answer to that.  So we'll -- we'll take it for the record.

Q:  OK.  But if I could just have one other question.

So, could I follow up to Lara’s question about the F-15 SLEP. So is that something that if there is a FYDP that we see, will that be in the FYDP?  Or is that something that is planned to do?

GEN. MARTIN:  So again, I think, you know, I think that what you'll see in our budget and in the long term is that we want to keep those aircraft viable.  So, you know, for example, in this -- in this budget, there is approximately $800 million for F-15 upgrades, modifications.  You know, we're committed to that.  Because again, it's a capacity and capability issue for us that we have right now.

Q:  So is the SLEP funded?

GEN. MARTIN:  Yes.

MS. GLEASON:  Yes.

GEN. MARTIN:  Yes, it is.

Let's go in the back here.

Q:  Hey, Amy McCullough, Air Force Magazine.

The F.Y. '18 budget funds eight less Reapers than last year's budget.  And General Holmes has said that the Air Force actually needs -- continues to see like 20 funded each year in order to maintain the fleet, but F.Y. '18 only has 16.  So, what's the reason for the decrease in funding there?  And is that enough to maintain what you need?

GEN. MARTIN:  So, let's get back to you on that.  

MS. GLEASON:  Yeah, I'll have to.

GEN. MARTIN:  We'll get back go you on that one.  But any type of, you know, any type of decrease in quantity really has to do with, again, making tough trades against balancing across those five core issues.  OK?  Because if you go back to that slide, the five core missions that we provide are critical to the joint force.

And we provide unique and many capabilities.  And so again, trying to maintain that balance sometimes forces us into tough tradeoffs.  But let me give you a good answer to that question.  OK?

Q:  Last year, the flying hour budget was funded at 90 percent.  And a big part of that was because the Air Force didn't have the maintainers to create the sorties needed to get to 100 percent.  So what is the executable level this year?

GEN. MARTIN:  So again, we're funding flying hours to what we can execute.  And that's about 92 percent of the requirement.  And again, every year as we address the pilot shortfall, every year as we bring on more maintainers and as we retain people, you know, that's going to get better and better. 

But that's a key element to our readiness recovery, so we will continue to fund flying hours, weapons sustainment, to what we can execute.

STAFF:  Ladies and gentlemen, this is the final question.

GEN. MARTIN:  Over here?

Q:  Pat Host with Jane's.  

The numbers for RDT&E for you guys say -- in your briefing book say 23.9 to 24.7.  But in the overall DOD book it says 25 to 30.  I was wondering if you could explain the discrepancy. 

GEN. MARTIN:  Yes.  I think we're going to have to go back and reconcile that number for you.  But certain we can talk about the major program changes... 

MS. GLEASON:  Yes.  We'll have to reconcile with OSD.  We got a heads up on that outside the door.  We know our numbers are R&D blue budget.  I don't know what's in there.  And I'll have to get with them to see. 

Q:  All right.  Thanks. 

MS. GLEASON:  Just to make sure. 

STAFF:  Ladies and gentlemen, that's all the time we have today.  If you have any follow-up questions, come and let myself or Ann know.  We'd be happy to follow up with you.


































 NEWS PRODUCTS
News
News Archive
Press Advisories
News Releases
Publications
Transcripts
Speeches
Face of Defense
Subscribe






































MAJOR JAMES F. JR. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      MAJOR JAMES F. JR.
                    

•   RALEIGH, NC
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Major James F. JR. is based out of Raleigh.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from MAJOR JAMES F. JR., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




major james f. jr.


C/O STOCK BUILDING SUPPLY HOLDINGS, INC.

RALEIGH
NC
                                                        
                                                    27617









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 03/27/2017
4 filed on 03/10/2017
4 filed on 03/02/2017
4 filed on 12/09/2016
4 filed on 11/07/2016
4 filed on 12/03/2015
4 filed on 11/05/2015
4 filed on 08/18/2015
4 filed on 07/07/2015
4 filed on 07/08/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















JAMES F. JR.  MAJOR - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











JAMES F. JR.  MAJOR
Check out list of companies and businesses related to JAMES F. JR.  MAJOR. Find out JAMES F. JR.  MAJOR address and contact details. View other people related to JAMES F. JR.  MAJOR - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O STOCK BUILDING SUPPLY HOLDINGS, INC. 8020 ARCO CORPORATE DRIVE, SUITE 400 RALEIGH 27617 NC




Companies related to JAMES F. JR.  MAJOR
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001574815BMC STOCK HOLDINGS, INC.See Remarks 980 HAMMOND DRIVE NE, SUITE 500  ATLANTA 30328




JAMES F. JR.  MAJOR on the Web
Persons related to JAMES F. JR.  MAJOR - BMC STOCK HOLDINGS, INC.NamePositionCityPETER  ALEXANDERPresident & Chief Exec Officer ATLANTAC LOWELL  BALLSee Remarks ATLANTAC LOWELL  BALLSee Remarks RALEIGHThomas Joseph  BarnesSee Remarks ATLANTACONOR  BASTABLENEW YORKDavid W  BullockDirector GREELEYKeith  CostelloSee Remarks ATLANTADavidson Kempner Capital Management LP10% Owner NEW YORKDavidson Kempner Distressed Opportunities Fund LPNEW YORKDavidson Kempner Distressed Opportunities International Ltd.NEW YORKDAVIDSON KEMPNER INSTITUTIONAL PARTNERS LPNEW YORKDAVIDSON KEMPNER INTERNATIONAL LTDNEW YORKDavidson Kempner Long-Term Distressed Opportunities Fund II LPNEW YORKDavidson Kempner Long-Term Distressed Opportunities Fund LPNEW YORKDAVIDSON KEMPNER LONG-TERM DISTRESSED OPPORTUNITIES INTERNATIONAL MASTER FUND LPNEW YORKDAVIDSON KEMPNER LONG-TERM DISTRESSED OPPORTUNTIES INTERNATIONAL MASTER FUND II NEW YORKKEMPNER PARTNERS  DAVIDSON10% Owner NEW YORKVANCE W.  DIGGINSLOS ANGELESJAMES F.  DREXINGERSee Remarks RALEIGHSTEVEN G  EISNERLOS ANGELESMICHAEL ALAN  FARMERSee Remarks RALEIGHANDREW  FREEDMANDirector LOS ANGELESAvram Z  FriedmanNEW YORKWilliam Noah  GaySVP & Chief Accounting Officer ATLANTAGLENDON SATURN HOLDINGS, LLCLOS ANGELESBarry J  GoldsteinDirector JACKSONVILLEBarry J.  GoldsteinDirector RALEIGHFERNANDO  GONIBEVERLY HILLSAlec E  GoresLOS ANGELESAlec E  GoresLOS ANGELESGORES BUILDING HOLDINGS, LLCLOS ANGELESGORES CAPITAL ADVISORS II, LLCLOS ANGELESGORES CAPITAL PARTNERS II LPLOS ANGELESGORES GROUP, LLC10% Owner LOS ANGELESGORES GROUP, LLCDirector LOS ANGELESGORES GROUP, LLCLOS ANGELESLISA M.  HAMBLETSee Remarks RALEIGHDAVID L.  KELTNERDirector RALEIGHTHOMAS L  KEMPNER JRNEW YORKM H Davidson & CoNEW YORKJAMES F. JR.  MAJORSee Remarks RALEIGHMichael P.  McGaughSee Remarks ATLANTAROBERT E  MELLORDirector RALEIGHTIMOTHY P.  MEYERDirector LOS ANGELESMichael Thomas  MillerDirector COLUMBUSLanesha  MinnixATLANTAJAMES  OLEARYDirector ATLANTAJoseph P.  PageNEW YORKJoseph P.  PageLOS ANGELESKevin Lee  PrustRALEIGHWALTER  RANDOLPHSee Remarks RALEIGHJeffrey Gene  ReaDirector BERWYNJeffrey Gene  ReaPresident and CEO RALEIGHMark  StoneNEW YORKMark  StoneLOS ANGELESPAUL S  STREETSee Remarks BOISECARL R  VERTUCA JRDirector ANAHEIMDUFF  WAKEFIELDSee Remarks RALEIGHRYAN  WALDDirector LOS ANGELESSTEVE WILLIAM  WILSONSee Remarks RALEIGHSTEVEN  YAGERNEWPORT BEACHSTEVEN  YAGERDirector LOS ANGELESBRYAN J.  YEAZELSee Remarks RALEIGHAnthony Alexander  YoseloffNEW YORK












 






 
Product Search - Routledge
Product SearchResults for: author = James F. Bale Jr.; range = all. Search again. 1 All NewAllPublishedForthcoming Product Types FeaturedTextbooksProfessional / TradeHandbooks / CompanionsResearch MonographsMajor WorksPaperbacks Direct Pediatric Neurology, Second EditionBy James, F. Bale, Jr., Joshua L. Bonkowsky, Gary L. Hedlund, Denise MoritaThe fundamental goal of the revised edition of this acclaimed text is to provide comprehensive, practical, and straightforward information about the developing nervous system that is as relevant to those embarking on careers in pediatric neurology as it will be to the experienced practitioner who…Hardback – 2017-05-03CRC PressPediatric Diagnosis and ManagementAdvanced SearchKeywordsTitleAuthor/EditorISBNProduct GroupanyFeaturedHandbooks / CompanionsInteractive eTextbooksLibrary / ReferenceMajor WorksPaperbacks DirectProfessional / TradeResearch MonographsSpecial Issues of JournalsStudent ReferenceTextbooksSubject CategoryanyArea StudiesArtsBehavioral SciencesBuilt EnvironmentCommunication StudiesDevelopment StudiesEconomics, Finance, Business & IndustryEducationEnvironment and SustainabilityGeographyHealth and Social CareHumanitiesInformation ScienceLanguage & LiteratureLawMedicine, Dentistry, Nursing & Allied HealthMuseum and Heritage StudiesPolitics & International RelationsReference & Information ScienceSocial SciencesSports and LeisureTourism, Hospitality and EventsUrban StudiesImprint/PublisheranyA K Peters/CRC PressAOCS PublishingAPA Planners PressASM PressAnalytic Press Anamaya PublishersApple Academic PressArchitectural PressAshgateAshgate (ex Arena)Ashgate (ex Gower)Ashgate (ex Scolar)Ashgate (ex Variorum)Ashgate Chem. Ref.Ashgate Dartmouth Ashgate VariorumAuerbach PublicationsBIOS Scientific PublishersBehavioral ScienceBirkbeck Law PressBlackwellBridge 21, USABrunner-RoutledgeCRC PressCattleDog PublishingChapman and Hall/CRCDavid Fulton Publishers  EPFL PressESI InternationalEarthscanEdition SynapseEditiones Scholasticae, GermanyErlbaum Behavioral ScienceErlbaum Psych PressEstates GazetteEuropa PublicationsEye on EducationFacet PublishingFairmont PressFederation PressFocal PressFrank CassGarland ScienceGestalt PressGower Gower (ex Ashgate) Gregg RevivalsGuilford PressHIMSS PublishingHakluyt Society IHS BRE PressInforma HealthcareInforma LawInforma Law from RoutledgeInternational Work Group for Indigenous AffairsJaypee UKKegan PaulLawrence ErlbaumLearningLund HumphriesLynne RiennerMacat LibraryMarcel DekkerMayo Clinic Scientific PressMedpharmNBSNarosaNetherlands Institute for Social ResearchNew Concept PressPan StanfordPowerhouse PublishingProductivity PressPsychology PressQMP/CRC PressRFF PressRIBARIBA PublishingRoutledgeRoutledge AcademicRoutledge IndiaRoutledge Mental HealthRoutledge-CavendishRoutledgeCurzonRoutledgeFalmerSDC PublicationsSchattauerSchlueterscheScience PublishersScolar PressSoftware & Alt MediaSpon PressStata PressStudien Verlag, AustriaSwedish Pharmaceutical PressTaylor & FrancisTeton NewMediaThe Copy WorkshopTheatre Arts BookUniversities PressWhittles PublishingPublication DateanyAllNewNew/PublishedPublishedForthcoming Search





















 



 Maj. Gen. James F. Martin, Jr., to Speak at AFA’s March Air Force Breakfast Session 
         










    










 






 











 









Maj. Gen. James F. Martin, Jr., to Speak at AFA's March Air Force Breakfast Session

Mar 04, 2014, 13:45 ET
		  		  										
						 from   Air Force Association 











 
















































 

 




















 


ARLINGTON, Va., March 4, 2014 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Air Force Association is proud to announce that Maj. Gen. James F. Martin, Jr., Deputy Assistant Secretary for Budget, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management, will be the guest speaker for March's breakfast series session. The event will be held from 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m., on March 11, 2014, at the Sheraton Pentagon City, in Arlington, Virginia. 
Martin is responsible for planning and directing the formulation of the Air Force's budgets totaling more than $119 billion annually. He leads a staff of military and civilian financial managers who develop, integrate, justify, and defend Air Force resource requests to the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Office of Management and Budget, and Congress. He manages and executes funding that supports military operations and Air Force priorities at the direction of the Secretary of Defense and Congress. 
In his career, Martin has held numerous financial management positions, including Air Staff budget analyst; Chief of Financial Analysis, Air Force Space Command; and Director of Financial Management and Comptroller for Pacific Air Forces. 
AFA's Air Force Breakfast Program is a monthly series that provides a venue for senior Air Force and Department of Defense leaders to communicate directly with the public and press. Past speakers include Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James; Chief of Staff of the Air Force Gen. Mark Welsh, and USAF Deputy Assistant Secretary for Energy Dr. Kevin T. Geiss. 
To register go to http://www.afa.org/events/afaafbreakfastprogram. For additional information, contact Mary Ellen Dobrowolski at mdobrowolski@afa.org. 
The Sheraton Pentagon City is located at 900 S Orme St, Arlington, VA 22204. 
The Air Force Association is a non-profit, independent, professional military and aerospace education association. Our mission is to promote a dominant United States Air Force and a strong national defense, and to honor Airmen and our Air Force Heritage. To accomplish this, we: 

EDUCATE the public on the critical need for unmatched aerospace power and a technically superior workforce to ensure U.S. national security. 
ADVOCATE for aerospace power and STEM education. 
SUPPORT the Total Air Force family and promote aerospace education. 
AFA has 200 chapters nationally and internationally representing more than 100,000 members. Visit AFA at www.afa.org. 
 SOURCE  Air Force Association  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.afa.org



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Mar 11, 2014, 12:03 ET
Preview: Vice Chief of Staff of the Republic of Korea Air Force to Speak at Upcoming Mitchell Event













Feb 06, 2014, 12:56 ET
Preview: Register Now for the Air Force Association's Air Warfare Symposium and Technology Exposition






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





Mar 06, 2017, 16:15 ET
Secretary Mattis to Deliver Keynote at AFA's Air, Space & Cyber...








Mar 06, 2017, 16:15 ET
AFA Announces StellarXplorers III National Champions








Mar 06, 2017, 16:15 ET
StellarXplorers National Finalists Announced











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 
James F. "Jim" Major , Jr., BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
James F. "Jim" Major , Jr. 
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and TreasurerBMC Stock Holdings, Inc.
Telephone available

Total Positions available: 1



 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
The Leadership Library® Leadership® Companies Premium Leadership Networks®


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            





 







  The Coming Widow Boom by James F. (Buddy) Thomas, Jr. – Robert D Reed Publishers
  

















































Search








Log in

or

Create account










            Cart
            0








      Menu
    


      Cart 0





        Home
      



        Blog
      



        Catalog
      



        Books
      



        About Us
      



        Author Inquiries
      



        Contact
      



        BUNDLE SALE
      



        About RDR
      



        E-Books
      



        Other Products
      



        Trump Greeting Card
      


Log in


Create account






Search






















Home


Blog


Catalog


Books


About Us


Author Inquiries


Contact


BUNDLE SALE


About RDR


E-Books


Other Products


Trump Greeting Card


























Robert Reed Publishers
The Coming Widow Boom by James F. (Buddy) Thomas, Jr.





              $ 11.95
            

                $ 14.95
              



Default Title - $ 11.95 USD


Quantity



Add to Cart




What You and Your Loved Ones Can Do To Prepare for the Unthinkable

A Guidebook To Financial and Emotional Well-Being
FACTS (1999 US Census):


80% of women live longer than their spouses


The average widow outlives her husband by 14 years


The average age of a widow is only 56


25% of widows are under the age of 45


There were over 700,000 new widows in 1999


It is estimated that there will be 1,250,000+ widows per year by 2040


The Coming Widow Boom: What You and Your Loved Ones Can Do to Prepare for the Unthinkabe by Buddy Thomas is a practical guide to financial and emotional wellness.  As an added benefit, preparing for the unthinkable can help you and your spouse make more money right now.
Already widowed?  The Coming Widow Boom Can lead you out of the depths of confusion and grief and into a new life of financial awareness and emotional stability.
This book is available on KINDLE (click here)
PRAISE for BUDDY'S WORK AND HIS BOOK:
“The Coming Widow Boom helps people move through the emotional, financial, and social aspects that come from losing a spouse.  You will want to share Buddy Thomas’ book with others and prepare for your future.” — George Chamberlin, Talk Show Host, “Money in the Morning” KOGO AM600
“Ready or not, the baby boomer widows will be controlling trillions of dollars of our nation’s wealth in the next few decades, and this is the book to lead this new age.  My advice to all professional financial advisors is to buy this book by the case and make sure every one of your clients gets ready.” — Dan Sullivan, President and Founder of The Strategic Coach, Inc.
“The Coming Widow Boom should be mandatory reading for anyone over the age of 50.  You can pass by this book and leave your family a mess or pick it up and show them what real love is all about.”   — Patricia C Brennan, CFP, CFS, President, Key Financial, Inc., One of Barron Magazine’s “Top 100 Female Financial Advisors”
 “This book is an invaluable resource for women (widowed or married) and their trusted advisor.  Following the steps Buddy has discussed in the book will allow for a much easier and self-assured transition into widowhood.  As both a widow and a trusted advisor, I will recommend it to my clients. —  Jennifer M. Murray, CFP®, Stonebridge Financial Advisors, LLC
Author James F. “Buddy” Thomas, Jr., CFP, CLU, seasoned financial planner, brings you this comprehensive guide to prepare for the inevitable loss of a spouse.  He is the President and Senior Advisor of Superior Planning, Inc. in La Jolla, California. Since 1982, he has assisted families in planning for and transitioning through major financial life events such as the death of a spouse.  He is married with two children.  His website is www.superplan.com, and a super plan he does have!
 


Share this Product



Share
0



Tweet



Pin it
0



Fancy




+1








More from this collection






Sale





Alzheimer's 911: Help, Hope, and Healing for the Caregiver by Frena Gray-Davidson
Robert Reed Publishers

$ 16.95
      
      $ 12.95
    









Going Out in Style: A Collection of Personal Celebration-of-Life Stories
Robert D Reed Publishers

      
      
      $ 11.95
    






Sale





Live To Be 100+
Robert Reed Publishers

$ 11.95
      
      $ 8.95
    









Sunrises and Sunsets: Final Affairs Forged with Flair, Finesse, and FUNctionality
Robert D Reed Publishers

      
      
      $ 19.95
    



























	MAJOR GENERAL JAMES F. MARTIN JR. > U.S. Air Force > Biography Display





























U.S. Air Force



Join the Air Force







Home


News



Commentaries


Features


Photos


Art


Air Force TV


Radio


Through Airmen's Eyes


Week in Photos





About Us



Air Force Senior Leaders



SECAF


CSAF


CMSAF





Biographies


Fact Sheets


Commander's Call Topics



CCT Archive





CSAF Reading List



2016 CSAF Reading List


2015 CSAF Reading List


2014 CSAF Reading List


2013 CSAF Reading List


2012 CSAF Reading List


2011 CSAF Reading List


2010 CSAF Reading List


2009 CSAF Reading List


2008 CSAF Reading List


2007 CSAF Reading List


2006 CSAF Reading List





50 Years of the CMSAF


The Book


Speeches Archive



Former AF Top 3 Viewpoints and Speeches





Air Force Warrior Games 2017


Events 2017


Air Force Strategic Documents


Desert Storm 25th Anniversary


Observances


DoD Warrior Games





AF Sites



Social Media Sites


Site Registration





Contact Us
















Senior Leader Links




Senior Leaders
SecAF Page
CSAF Page
CMSAF Page
Commander's Call Topics






Engage












Read how our JET #Airmen bring their expertise to organizations outside the #AirForce.  https://t.co/m2sYgppP8R https://t.co/2onURasHim










These #Airmen joined more than 25K servicemembers from 22 allied & partner nations for #SaberGuardian17.… https://t.co/nhzIPjMmZ0










#AirForce seeks energy #innovation ideas in preparation for Energy Exchange 2017. https://t.co/jdbFnzTFLT










RT @2017JamboJTF: Each branch of the @DeptofDefense has interactive #STEM exhibits for scouts & visitors during @2017Jambo #2017JamboJTF #B…










A U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer assigned to the 9th Expeditionary Bomb Squadron, de...










RT @ArmedwScience: This @DARPA-backed research has the potential to advance scientists' understanding of vision, hearing & speech. https://…










On this day in #AirForce #History https://t.co/1wdo2FbdyE










Flags rise as more than 800 participants convene for Exercise Steppe Eagle. @CENTCOM
https://t.co/HlPqVsg7S7 https://t.co/9LfKm8ib3r










#USAF Civil Engineer Center hosts third annual encroachment symposium @WrightPattAFB. #Warfighter… https://t.co/Q1nBZozKrz










Best way to put an end to #siblingrivalry! @LANationalGuard #Airman donates kidney to save sister’s life.… https://t.co/lQihFPbeio










.@Espngreeny, @espngolic or really anyone from @espn, find us a willing participant and we can have a real shark ra… https://t.co/lT8hRkNBMP










Multilateral partnerships work thru barriers to ensure ongoing PACANGEL 17-3 success.
https://t.co/KqcSMFO2cZ https://t.co/ueOYjgjkTC










To prepare for his upcoming trip to the International Space Station, Air Force C...










The annual PHA expands to include a new Mental Health Assessment requirement, begins July 31st. @USAFHealth… https://t.co/jcSJEFiKvF










RT @PacificCommand: 33k+ #TalismanSaber participants hone abilities across range of mission sets, from combat to humanitarian assistance ht…










RT @SecAFOfficial: @NellisAFB is where we bring it all together. #readiness #innovation #USAF https://t.co/ihppOmDDoJ










On this day in #AirForce #History https://t.co/fRIT7W1VAy










Air advisor team pushes its limits to enhance and improve the expeditionary #AirForce compound.… https://t.co/YMTXjpFuiC










.@EdwardsAFB #Airmen boast another successful airdrop with the Missile Defense Agency.
https://t.co/tnvvbaDtCq https://t.co/FCkTiBpwqX










It's #gilling season! FIRE IT UP! Just be safe and smart about it. Check out @USFire. @FEMA https://t.co/O1iRN2TDkr https://t.co/p3K1ZBPh2J










On this day in #AirForce #History #BreakingBarriers #Space https://t.co/VyjQypBFNu










Bombs and missiles play a vital role in the 332nd Air Expeditionary Wing’s missi...










Who doesn’t love when they have a birthday coming up? We love it so much we are ...










#PACANGEL17 made its way to Fiji! Watch how our #Airmen are continuing humanitar...










"All I'm thinking about is, 'Don't mess this up!' At the same time, I'm pushing ...










Iraq ✔️ Kuwait ✔️ Kyrgyzstan✔️ Raven✔️ MTI✔️

TSgt Megan Harper can also put a ✔...










#BREAKINGNEWS: CMSAF Kaleth O. Wright announces major changes to the Enlisted Pr...










DYK: U.S. Air Force Academy Cadets get the chance to experience #AirForce specia...










When our #aircraft venture out to dangerous locales, FAST Team members fly with ...










#AirpowerAlert: With the combination of stealth, supercruise, maneuverability an...










Today we stand with France during their observance of #BastilleDay, which honors...










A KC-135 Stratotanker assigned to the 100th Air Refueling Wing, Royal Air Force ...










2,635,540







819,296


















Air Force Social Media Guide (PDF)


USAF Social Media Sites









Home > About Us > Biographies > Display







MAJOR GENERAL JAMES F. MARTIN JR.

        
      
      

         
     
     
    














PRINT | E-MAIL













DOWNLOAD HI-RES







            Maj. Gen. James F. Martin, is Deputy Assistant Secretary for Budget, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management and Comptroller, the Pentagon, Washington, D.C. General Martin is responsible for planning and directing the formulation of the Air Force's budgets totaling more than $119 billion annually. He leads a staff of military and civilian financial managers who develop, integrate, justify and defend Air Force resource requests to the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Office of Management and Budget, and Congress. He manages and executes funding that supports military operations and Air Force priorities at the direction of the Secretary of Defense and Congress. 

General Martin was born and raised in Caruthersville, Mo. He attended Mississippi State University and was commissioned through the ROTC program. He has held numerous financial management positions including Air Staff budget analyst; Chief of Financial Analysis, Air Force Space Command; and Director of Financial Management and Comptroller for Pacific Air Forces. He has also served as the PACAF Director of Staff and the Director, Budget Programs and Integration, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Budget, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management and Comptroller, Washington, D.C. General Martin has commanded the 31st Comptroller Squadron, Aviano Air Base, Italy, and 354th Mission Support Group, Eielson AFB, Alaska. Prior to this assignment, he was the Director, Budget Operations and Personnel Directorate, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Budget, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management and Comptroller, the Pentagon, Washington, D.C. 

EDUCATION 
1985 Bachelor's degree in professional accountancy, Mississippi State University 
1991 Squadron Officer School, Maxwell AFB, Ala. 
1995 Master's degree in management, Webster University, St. Louis. Mo. 
1999 Air Command and Staff College, Maxwell AFB, Ala. 
2004 Air War College, Maxwell AFB, Ala. 
2006 Joint Professional Military Education Phase II, Joint and Combined Warfighting School, Joint Forces Staff College, Norfolk, Va. 

ASSIGNMENTS 
1. March 1986 - January 1988, Deputy Accounting and Finance Officer, Lowry AFB, Colo. 
2. January 1988 - March 1990, Accounting and Finance Officer, Goodfellow AFB, Texas 
3. March 1990 - March 1991, Chief, Accounting and Finance Branch, Howard AFB, Panama 
4. March 1991 - February 1992, Deputy Comptroller for Accounting and Finance, Lackland AFB, Texas 
5. February 1992 - May 1994, Executive Officer, Financial Management Directorate, Headquarters Air Education and Training Command, Randolph AFB, Texas 
6. May 1994 - July 1996, Commander, 47th Comptroller Flight, Laughlin AFB, Texas 
7. July 1996 - August 1998, Chief, Depot Maintenance Business Area, Budget Directorate, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Financial Management and Comptroller, Washington, D.C. 
8. August 1998 - June 1999, student, Air Command and Staff College, Maxwell AFB, Ala. 
9. June 1999 - July 2001, Commander, 31st Comptroller Squadron, Aviano Air Base, Italy 
10. July 2001 - July 2003, Chief, Operations and Maintenance Budget Branch, Director of Financial Management and Comptroller, Headquarters Pacific Air Forces, Hickam AFB, Hawaii 
11. July 2003 - June 2004, student, Air War College, Maxwell AFB, Ala. 
12. June 2004 - July 2006, Chief, Financial Analysis Division, Directorate of Financial Management and Comptroller, Headquarters Air Force Space Command, Peterson AFB, Colo. 
13. July 2006 - July 2007, Commander, 354th Mission Support Group, Eielson AFB, Alaska 
14. July 2007 - October 2008, Director of Financial Management and Comptroller, Headquarters Pacific Air Forces, Hickam AFB, Hawaii 
15. October 2008 - June 2009, Chief of Staff, Headquarters Pacific Air Forces, Hickam AFB, Hawaii 
16. Jun 2009 - September 2010 Director, Budget Programs and Integration, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Budget, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management and Comptroller, Washington, D.C. 
17. September 2010 – November 2011, Director, Financial Management, Headquarters Air Force Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 
18. November 2011 – July 2013, Director, Budget Operations and Personnel, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Budget, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management and Comptroller, Washington D.C. 
19. July 2013 – present, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Budget, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management and Comptroller, Washington D.C. 

MAJOR AWARDS AND DECORATIONS 
Legion of Merit 
Meritorious Service Medal with silver and three bronze oak leaf clusters 
Air Force Commendation Medal with oak leaf cluster 
NATO Medal (Former Republic of Yugoslavia) 

OTHER ACHIEVEMENTS 
1989 Accounting and Finance Officer of the Year, Air Education and Training Command 
1992 Accounting and Finance Officer of the Year, AETC 
1992 Air Force Accounting and Finance Officer of the Year 
1995 Comptroller of the Year, AETC 
1996 Comptroller Organization of the Year, AETC 
1997 Air Force Runner-up, Outstanding Contribution to Financial Management 
2000 Outstanding Comptroller Organization of the Year, U.S. Air Forces in Europe 

EFFECTIVE DATES OF PROMOTION 
Second Lieutenant Dec. 26, 1985 
First Lieutenant Dec. 26, 1987 
Captain Dec. 26, 1989 
Major Aug. 1, 1996 
Lieutenant Colonel May 1, 2000 
Colonel July 1, 2005 
Brigadier General Aug. 20, 2010 
Major General Jan. 17, 2014

(Current as of January 2014) 



















 Site MapIGAF SitesAF Executive FleetQuestionsFOIAContact UsSAPR USA.govNo FEAR ActRSSAccessibilityEEOLink DisclaimerStrategic APRSuicide Prevention






Subscribe to USAF News and Information


Submit























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.


































Loading Your Search Results - BeenVerified.com






















Updating Data on {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! BeenVerified uses real public records. The information may be surprising.















Continue to Results 


Less than 30 seconds remaining. Checking billions of records. DO NOT HIT THE BACK BUTTON














×Close




In A Hurry?




We've already located  results for{{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}

Please wait 22 seconds more.




OKAY


































Address Lookup | Property Search | BeenVerified.com





















Public data for personal matters




Questions? 1-888-579-5910
Login












Every Address Tells a Story
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


Search Property Records
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


See Who Owns A Property
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


Search Mortgage Records
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


Search Property Deeds
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


Every Address Tells a Story
Search property owners, records and more!


Who Owns This Property?
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!






Start Here - Try searching your home, your neighbors or another address...









Address:



 
Search



 Know the name of a property owner? Find out about them HERE
 Search by owner's name



















Property Data Can Help You







Find a Home
You will have access to data about property values, sales prices, loans, deed history, nearby sex offenders, and much more.





Connect with Owners
Unlike other property websites, BeenVerified will help you connect with the owners  of every address.





Go Beyond the Address
Your first property search opens the door to billions of public records about people, places, phone numbers and online identities.








The Intersection of Data and the Real World


BeenVerified helps you incorporate property records and public data into your life.





3
0,
1
5
3,
4
1
4

Reports Run by Users



1
B
I
L
L
I
O
N
+

Public Data Points











Billions of Records at Your Fingertips


 With over 5,000,000 downloads so far, BeenVerified is the go-to choice for mobile public data access. 



"Incredibly simple to use and useful. This app has saved the day on finding so many addresses I needed. Definitely recommend!”

 - via the App Store























Always Improving
BeenVerified is relentless in its pursuit of providing you with better public data.
Search an Address
































Online Background Checks | BeenVerified
























×
BeenVerified.com














Looking to Find Out About Someone?
So have the 1,000,000+ people who have tried BeenVerified.








Start Here - Try searching a friend, relative, date, neighbor, or even yourself






People




Phone




Email




Property





   We respect your privacy 










First Name



Last Name



State

All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 
Search








Phone Number



 
Search








Email Address



 
Search








Street Address



 
Search





   We respect your privacy 










47,281,562


Reports & Counting































Address Lookup | Property Search | BeenVerified.com





















Public data for personal matters




Questions? 1-888-579-5910
Login












Every Address Tells a Story
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


Search Property Records
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


See Who Owns A Property
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


Search Mortgage Records
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


Search Property Deeds
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


Every Address Tells a Story
Search property owners, records and more!


Who Owns This Property?
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!






Start Here - Try searching your home, your neighbors or another address...









Address:



 
Search



 Know the name of a property owner? Find out about them HERE
 Search by owner's name



















Property Data Can Help You







Find a Home
You will have access to data about property values, sales prices, loans, deed history, nearby sex offenders, and much more.





Connect with Owners
Unlike other property websites, BeenVerified will help you connect with the owners  of every address.





Go Beyond the Address
Your first property search opens the door to billions of public records about people, places, phone numbers and online identities.








The Intersection of Data and the Real World


BeenVerified helps you incorporate property records and public data into your life.





3
0,
1
5
3,
4
1
4

Reports Run by Users



1
B
I
L
L
I
O
N
+

Public Data Points











Billions of Records at Your Fingertips


 With over 5,000,000 downloads so far, BeenVerified is the go-to choice for mobile public data access. 



"Incredibly simple to use and useful. This app has saved the day on finding so many addresses I needed. Definitely recommend!”

 - via the App Store























Always Improving
BeenVerified is relentless in its pursuit of providing you with better public data.
Search an Address

































Background Checks & Public Records | BeenVerified




















 




×
BeenVerified.com


 Welcome to BeenVerified! from BeenVerified on Vimeo.















Search People & Public Records

Try searching a friend, relative or even yourself. The choice is yours!











People



Phone



Email



Property




   We respect your privacy. 









First Name



Last Name



State

All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 
Search








Phone Number



 
Search








Email Address



 
Search








Street Address



 
Search





  Are you a business user? Try KnowThyCustomer.com









47,281,562


Successful People Reports







Easy and Affordable Background Checks
Learn why millions of people search BeenVerified







Unlimited Searches, Anytime
Looking for someone? Our intuitive public records search engine makes it easy. See our "Do's and Don'ts."


Affordable & Accessible
We don't want you to ask yourself if it's "worth it" to run a search.


Respect For Privacy
A privacy-friendly public record search is not an oxymoron. Learn how we do it.


Public Records in One Easy Report
Search for what you are looking for and get all the data we find in one single report.







Learn About Us












 BeenVerified for Business 
 Imagine the power of BeenVerified's massive public record database working for your business. That's BV Pro.









 Why BV Pro?

Enterprise APIs
Perfect for Teams
Batch Processing
Customizable










 What is it for?

Prevent Fraud
Scrub Records
Reach Customers
Client Relations







Try BV Pro 


Not Sure? Check out our “Do’s & Don’ts”






Experience the BeenVerified Difference
See what people like you are saying about BeenVerified







Natasha, Oklahoma
Nursing Student
"My daughter recently went out for soccer. I decided it would be a good idea to run another player’s father through BeenVerified. Turns out this guy had been charged with indecent exposure and was on parole."


Maryann, New Jersey
Analyst
"I used BeenVerified to check into a guy that I had met online. It turns out he had lied to me about where he lived and his family. Needless to say, thanks to BV I severed contact with him and have not heard from him since. Thank you BV!"


Bob M, New Jersey
Retired Detective
"I am retired and have a ministry helping the dying and sick. I found a son and the mother was dying of cancer. She held on waiting for her son who had not been in touch for years."


Rhonda, Missouri
Caring Mom
"I'm a single mother dating online and I use BeenVerified to help protect my family!"









More Testimonials





From the Press
Gizmodo.com
"It found my photos on Flickr, my Amazon wishlist, my public Foursquare records, Vimeo, Picassa, and Stumbleupon accounts. It grabbed approximately twelve bajillion photos of me (with many, many false positives) and even more web links."


From the Press
U.S. News & World Report
"BeenVerified easily and inexpensively provides access to public records information through its website and several mobile phone applications. No longer are large corporations the only ones who can afford background checks."


From the Press
NBC 6 Miami
"Instant information… Court documents, mortgage deeds, criminal records right in the palm of your hand."








More Press Quotes

















Billions of Records at Your Fingertips




 With over 7,000,000 downloads so far, BeenVerified is the go-to choice for mobile public data access. 

"Great App"    
"BeenVerified is easy to use and provides the details needed for a reliable, accurate background check. Highly recommend!”
- via the App Store


























 What are you waiting for?Search Someone




















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















