Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  The best life hack of all is to just put the work in and never give up. Bas Rutten, UFC Heavyweight Champion    




Divesh Makan - Co-Founder at Iconiq Capital LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Divesh Makan
Co-Founder at Iconiq Capital LLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants Transactions 


Divesh Makan
Co-Founder at Iconiq Capital LLC



 Overview



Notable Companies


Morgan Stanley Global Private Equity

Iconiq Capital LLC




Board Seats



9





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 2,051 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




The Guardian (London)
June 8, 2016





                        Bilderberg staff make last nervy tweaks before arrival of the rich and powerful                    





VentureBeat
March 30, 2016





                        Asana raises $50 million from Sam Altman, Mark Zuckerberg, and others                     





Silicon Valley Business News
October 2, 2015





                        Zuckerberg adviser: Facebook CEO's meeting with 'schmucks' intended to drive property price down                    





TechCrunch
September 30, 2015





                        Adyen Adds New Funding From Iconiq, Values Dutch Payment Group At $2.3B                    





Fast Company
May 18, 2015





                        How Silicon Valley Joined The Bitcoin Gold Rush                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Cari Tuna

Co-Founder at Good Ventures




Chad Louis Boeding

Co-Founder at Iconiq Capital LLC





Michael Thomas Anders

Founding Partner at Iconiq Capital LLC




Kevin Foster

Senior Vice President at Iconiq Capital LLC





Chris Flink

Executive Director at Exploratorium




William F. Mellin

Treasurer & Director at Exploratorium





Sheryl Sandberg

Chief Operating Officer at Facebook, Inc.




Rachel Schall Thomas

Co-Founder at Lean In Foundation





Dustin Moskovitz

Co-Founder at Asana, Inc.




Reid Hoffman

Partner at Greylock Partners







See 2,041 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 2,041 More 


 


 Paths to Divesh Makan



            Divesh Makan          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Divesh Makan






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Divesh Makan.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



MBA 
Class of 2001 


University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School

                  The Wharton School is the business school of the University of Pennsylvania, an Ivy League university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Wharton was the world’s first collegiate business school and the first business school in the United States. It was established in 1881 through a donation of Joseph Wharton.                




B.S. in Electrical Engineering 


University of Natal






Computer Science 


Indian Institute of Technology Bombay

                  IIT Bombay is a post secondary technological institute offering tech programs.                





 Career History



Co-Founder

                                    2011 - Current                


Iconiq Capital LLC


                  Iconiq Capital specializes in managing client assets primarily through the use of third party portfolio managers. The investment strategies they may use include: (1) long term purchases (2) short term purchases (3) trading (4) short sales (5) margin transactions and (6) option writing including covered options, uncovered options or spreading strategies.                




Team Member

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Morgan Stanley


                  Morgan Stanley provides investment banking products and services to its clients and customers including corporations, governments, financial institutions, and individuals. It operates through the following business segments: Institutional Securities, Wealth Management, and Investment Management. The Institutional Services segment provides financial advisory, capital-raising services, and related financing services on behalf of institutional investors. The Wealth Management segment offers brokerage and investment advisory services covering various types of investments, including equities, options, futures, foreign currencies, precious metals, fixed-income securities, mutual funds, structured products, alternative investments, unit investment trusts, managed futures, separately managed accounts, and mutual fund asset allocation programs. The Investment Management segment provides equity, fixed income, alternative investments, real estate, and merchant banking strategies. The company was founded by Harold Stanley and Henry S. Morgan on September 16, 1935 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                






                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Exploratorium


                  Exploratorium engages as a museum of science, art and human perception activities . It creates tools and experiences that help people to become an active explorer. The firm includes film creenings workshops for life long learners as well as culture of learning through innovative environments, programs and tools that help people nurture their curiosity about the world around them. The company was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                




Investment Adviser

                                    2009 - 2011                


Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC


                  Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is an American multinational financial services corporation specializing in retail brokerage. It is a joint venture between Morgan Stanley and Citigroup.                




Investment Adviser

                                    2008 - 2009                


Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC


                  Founded in 1969, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC is an SEC-registered broker/dealer headquartered in New York City. The firm is the primary broker subsidiary of Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS). They are a member of FINRA. Morgan Stanley & Co. provides debt and equity services including underwriting, M&A advice, securities dealing and brokerage and trade execution. Their client base ranges from large global institutional investors to hedge funds at the cutting edge of innovation in the industry.The firm's Sales & Trading division offers cash and electronic trading platforms where Morgan Stanley acts as principal (including as a market maker) and agent in executing transactions globally in equity and equity-related products. These products include equity swaps, options, warrants and futures overlying individual securities, indices and baskets of securities and other equity-related products. Morgan Stanley's Institutional Equity division is a global leader in the origination, distribution and trading of equity, equity-linked and equity-derivative securities. Their Fixed Income team deals in a diverse range of products including interest rate and currency products, credit products, derivatives and commodities.                




Executive Director

                                    2008 - 2011                


Morgan Stanley Global Private Equity


                  Morgan Stanley Capital Partners invests in large and middle market companies located across the globe, primarily in North America with an enterprise value of $100 million - $1 billion and EBITDA of $10 to $100 million. The firm target companies operating across a broad range of sectors including business services, consumer & retail, energy & natural resources, financial services, industrials & chemicals, and healthcare. They acts as a lead investor and provides financing for LBOs, buy-outs and recapitalization capital requirements with an investment size of $50 - $125 million. They makes controlling/minority investments and also considers co-investments.                




Vice President

                                    2001 - 2007                


Goldman Sachs Capital Partners


                  GS Capital Partners seeks long-term capital appreciation by committing equity to high-quality companies with superior management in a variety of situations, including LBOs, recapitalizations, and growth investments to fund acquisition or expansion.The firm invests across a range of industries in different forms of private equity instruments. Individual transactions vary considerably by industry, overall capital structure, geography, currency, stage of development, size and exit strategy.                




Vice President

                                    2001 - 2008                


The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.


                  Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. engages in global investment banking, securities, and investment management, which provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments, and individuals. It operates through the following business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. The Investment Banking segment focuses on the provision of financial advisory services public and private sector clients around the world. The Institutional Client Services segment facilitates clients regarding buy and sell financial products, raise funding and manage risk. The Investing & Lending segment includes the company's investing and relationship lending activities across various asset classes. The Investment Management segment deals with the provision of investment and wealth advisory services. The company was founded by Marcus Goldman in 1869 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Co-Head

                                    Prior                


The San Francisco Business Forum






Financial Services

                                    Prior                


Andersen Consulting


                  Accenture began as the business and technology consulting division of accounting firm Arthur Andersen. The division's origins are in a 1953 feasibility study for General Electric. GE asked Arthur Andersen to automate payroll processing and manufacturing at GE's Appliance Park facility near Louisville, Kentucky. Arthur Andersen recommended installation of a UNIVAC I computer and printer, which resulted in the first commercially-owned computer installation in the United States in 1954. Joe Glickauf, an early pioneer of computer consulting,[7] held a position as head of Arthur Andersen's administrative services division for 12 years.

In 1989, Arthur Andersen and Andersen Consulting became separate units of Andersen Worldwide Société Coopérative. Arthur Andersen increased its use of accounting services as a springboard to sign up clients for Andersen Consulting's more lucrative business.

Through the 1990s, there was increasing tension between Andersen Consulting and Arthur Andersen. Andersen Consulting was upset that it was paying Arthur Andersen up to 15% of its profits each year (a condition of the 1989 split was that the more profitable unit – AA or AC – paid the other this sum), while at the same time Arthur Andersen was competing with Andersen Consulting through its own newly established business consulting service line called Arthur Andersen Business Consulting. This dispute came to a head in 1998 when Andersen Consulting claimed breach of contract against Andersen Worldwide Société Coopérative (AWSC) and Arthur Andersen. Andersen Consulting put the 15% transfer payment for that year and future years into escrow and issued a claim for breach of contract. In August 2001, as a result of the conclusion of arbitration with the International Chamber of Commerce, Andersen Consulting broke all contractual ties with AWSC and Arthur Andersen. As part of the arbitration settlement, Andersen Consulting paid the sum held in escrow (then $1.2 billion) to Arthur Andersen, and was required to change its name, resulting in the entity being renamed Accenture.

Accounts vary on why the split occurred – executives on both sides of the split cite greed and arrogance on the part of the other side, and executives on the Andersen Consulting side maintained breach of contract when Arthur Andersen created a second consulting group, AABC (Arthur Andersen Business Consulting) that began to compete directly with Andersen Consulting in the marketplace. Many of the AABC firms were bought out by other consulting companies in 2002, most notably, Hitachi Consulting and KPMG Consulting, which later changed its name to BearingPoint.

Andersen Consulting's change of name proved to be fortuitous as it avoided damage to its reputation when Arthur Andersen was effectively dissolved as a result of its role in the later Enron scandal.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




President of the Board

                    Current                  


Oneproject.org

                    One Project is a movement to repurpose business toward helping humanity thrive. Capitalism is among the most powerful forces for effecting change in the world, but most businesses define success as personal profit for shareholders, rather than the greater good. One Project is the ever-growing minority of organizations that see themselves as part of one team with a common mission: to help humanity thrive.                  




Member, Board of Advisors

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Falcon Edge Capital LP

                    Falcon Edge Capital seeks to identify alpha generating investment opportunities on both the long and short side. The firm seeks to achieve their investment objective throughout market cycles, both through security selection (long and short) and by actively managing the exposure levels of the portfolio. They use short positions for both hedging and investment purposes. This approach to portfolio construction and country and asset class exposures is designed to identify attractive investment opportunities and manage portfolio risk amid changes in global macroeconomic conditions.Falcon Edge strives to exploit asymmetric risk-reward opportunities across global markets through a core focus on fundamentally-driven long/short investing, while maintaining the flexibility to invest across geographies, asset classes and investment type. The firm takes a longer-term perspective, independent of short-term security price fluctuation. They believe that it is in the best interest of their fund to ensure that they are invested in a way that enables it to pursue a longer-term investment horizon in undervalued (or over-valued, in the case of short positions) businesses, notwithstanding the risk of shorter-term price and market volatility. Falcon Edge invests across a variety of asset classes including publicly-listed equities and global depository receipts, as well as swaps on individual securities and indices, options, futures, forward agreements for currencies and other derivatives. They may also select investments in fixed-income, convertible securities, private equity and venture capital investments.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Director

                    Current                  


The Parker Foundation

                    The Parker Foundation was established through a $600 million gift by Sean Parker. The foundation builds upon Sean’s historical philanthropic support and capitalizes on his pioneering work in the fields of technology, media, company building, and public policy. Based in San Francisco, the foundation intends to aggressively pursue large-scale systemic change in three focus areas: Life Sciences, Global Public Health, and Civic Engagement.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Good Ventures

                    Good Ventures, a public charity created in 2011 as a supporting organization of the Silicon Valley Community Foundation (SVCF).                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Good Ventures Foundation

                    Good Ventures Foundation, a private foundation created in 2012.                  




Secretary of the Board

                    Current                  


Aphorism Foundation






Member, Board of Directors

                    Prior - 2016                  


Exploratorium

                    Exploratorium engages as a museum of science, art and human perception activities . It creates tools and experiences that help people to become an active explorer. The firm includes film creenings workshops for life long learners as well as culture of learning through innovative environments, programs and tools that help people nurture their curiosity about the world around them. The company was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                  




Member of the Advisor's Council

                    Prior                  


San Francisco Ballet Association

                    San Francisco Ballet is a ballet company, founded in 1933 as the San Francisco Opera Ballet under the leadership of ballet master Adolph Bolm. The company is currently based in the War Memorial Opera House, San Francisco, under the direction of Helgi Tomasson. San Francisco Ballet was the first professional ballet company in the United States. It is among the world's leading dance companies, presenting over 100 performances annually, with a repertoire that spans both classical and contemporary ballet. Along with American Ballet Theatre and the New York City Ballet, San Francisco Ballet has been described as part of the "triumvirate of great classical companies defining the American style on the world stage today."                  




Director

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Lean In Foundation

                    Lean In.org is recognized by the IRS as tax-exempt private operating foundation under section 501(c)(3). Lean In offers a growing library of free online lectures on topics including leadership and communication. Produced in partnership with the Clayman Institute for Gender Studies at Stanford University and other well-known experts, these lectures offer women practical skills they can apply in their daily lives.                  





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$10K - $25K

                  2012
                


Exploratorium


                  Exploratorium engages as a museum of science, art and human perception activities . It creates tools and experiences that help people to become an active explorer. The firm includes film creenings workshops for life long learners as well as culture of learning through innovative environments, programs and tools that help people nurture their curiosity about the world around them. The company was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                




$10K - $25K

                  2011
                


Exploratorium


                  Exploratorium engages as a museum of science, art and human perception activities . It creates tools and experiences that help people to become an active explorer. The firm includes film creenings workshops for life long learners as well as culture of learning through innovative environments, programs and tools that help people nurture their curiosity about the world around them. The company was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                




$10K - $25K

                  2008
                


Exploratorium


                  Exploratorium engages as a museum of science, art and human perception activities . It creates tools and experiences that help people to become an active explorer. The firm includes film creenings workshops for life long learners as well as culture of learning through innovative environments, programs and tools that help people nurture their curiosity about the world around them. The company was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                





 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  ICONIQ ACCESS 8 LP raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  ICONIQ Access 7 LP raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Divesh Makan is affiliated with
                            Iconiq Capital LLC, Morgan Stanley, Exploratorium, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Morgan Stanley Global Private Equity, Goldman Sachs Capital Partners, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., The San Francisco Business Forum, Andersen Consulting, Oneproject.org, Falcon Edge Capital LP, The Parker Foundation, Good Ventures, Good Ventures Foundation, Aphorism Foundation, Exploratorium, San Francisco Ballet Association, Lean In Foundation.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤



















How Divesh Makan gained entry into Zuckerberg's inner circle | Forbes India








































 




















 













Full List »


3M India
Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone
Ajanta Pharma
Alembic Pharmaceuticals
Amara Raja Batteries
Ashok Leyland
Asian Paints
Aurobindo Pharma
Bajaj Finance
Berger Paints India













  TRENDING : #Q1 Earnings 2018


 

Home
Global Game
Cross Border



How Divesh Makan gained entry into Zuckerberg's inner circle
Not all financial advisors are created equal. Meet Divesh Makan, consigliere to Silicon Valley's brightest billionaires







By Brian Solomon
 Published:  Jan 5, 2015 















23107




















23107





 






Image: Agata Nowicka for Forbes




	In the hierarchy of the investment business, stockbrokers have long occupied a spot near the bottom of the food chain. They are the hunters and gatherers, knocking on doors to bring in assets that earn small fees while the bigger fish arrange the headline-grabbing deals and score life-changing bonuses.But among the throngs of brokers, who now prefer the moniker “wealth manager”, few have cultivated a client base and model like Iconiq Capital, an obscure Silicon Valley firm headed by an irrepressible Indian from South Africa named Divesh Makan. Makan, 41, has turned his otherwise run-of-the-mill registered investment advisory into an exclusive members-only Silicon Valley billionaires club that operates as a cross between a family office and a venture capital fund. His most famous client and the key to his success is billionaire Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, whom Makan met in 2004 when he was a broker at Goldman Sachs.Working his way into Zuckerberg’s inner circle when Facebook was still in diapers has proved to be a gold mine for Iconiq. Already it has full discretion over $1.4 billion in client funds and advises on another $7.6 billion. Yet Iconiq’s advisory services represent only one thread of the dealmaking web Makan has woven thanks to the abundance of Zuckerberg cronies on his client roster, including Facebook’s Dustin Moskovitz and Sheryl Sandberg, Twitter’s Jack Dorsey and LinkedIn’s Reid Hoffman. His board of directors is another power list, with non-tech titans like Henry Kravis and David Bonderman, Chase Coleman and steel tycoon Lakshmi Mittal’s son Aditya.Makan’s wealth management approach flies in the face of widely accepted post-Madoff best practices for advisors, which preach strict adherence to corporate protocols and regulatory rules. He is a throwback to the early days of Wall Street, when dealmakers like Goldman Sachs’ Sidney Weinberg blurred the lines between business and pleasure and turned the art of schmoozing into a powerful and profitable investment banking network. Indeed Makan shuns the title of wealth manager, according to those who have worked with him. He sees himself instead as part do-it-all financial consigliere, part deal broker/venture capitalist and part human Rolodex. Makan’s currency is access and relevance. While Silicon Valley stalwarts like Sequoia and Benchmark can point to a long list of successful IPOs and a deep bench of management experts, he hawks the “Zuck & Friends” brand to piece together deals between young startup entrepreneurs and billionaire sugar daddies, as well as between the billionaires themselves. The centrepiece of this action is Iconiq’s $500 million Strategic Partners fund, Makan’s flagship among 39 private investment vehicles, which total about $1 billion. The firm claims only 100 family office clients, but regulatory forms report some 300 investors, who put pre-IPO money into such companies as Alibaba and India’s ecommerce giant Flipkart. Key to Makan’s pitch is bowling over wannabe Zuckerbergs with raw star power. Before Iconiq led a $40 million Series D round last May for social media software firm Sprinklr, Makan invited founder Ragy Thomas to dinner with three famous billionaires.“When someone like Iconiq wants to invest, you can’t say no,” says Thomas. “They can probably connect to anyone in the world.” Aaron Skonnard, co-founder of e-learning startup Pluralsight, received a similar “join Silicon Valley’s inner circle” pitch from Makan before Iconiq participated in the firm’s $135 million Series B round.“They don’t want operational involvement,” says Skonnard. “They just want to connect and network and give more access.” He and his wife recently flew in to San Francisco from their home in Salt Lake City for a quarterly Iconiq networking event “where all the magic happens”.


  While Makan and his team sell entrepreneurs on access to its famous clients, they sell other connections on getting in on the ground floor of hot startups. Billionaire moguls like Sam Zell and Li Ka-shing have massive real estate portfolios but no direct link to the Silicon Valley in-crowd. Through Iconiq they have gained access to startups that Makan & Co advertise as being “approved by Zuckerberg”. What does Makan ask for in return? Opportunities for his clients to invest alongside Zell and Li in their deal flows.As a registered investment advisor Makan has a fiduciary duty to “not engage in any activity in conflict with the interest of any client”. But unlike your average Merrill broker, who faces a gauntlet of compliance hurdles on every product mentioned, Iconiq deals practically advertise their dizzying array of conflicts of interest. Take Iconiq’s 2013 investment in SurveyMonkey, in which Makan blurred the lines between investment advisor, limited partner and friend. He put clients like Dropbox’s Drew Houston, Quora’s Adam D’Angelo and LinkedIn’s Jeff Weiner in the $800 million round. But SurveyMonkey CEO Dave Goldberg and his wife, Facebook exec Sandberg, are also clients and confidants of Makan, and Goldberg sits on Iconiq’s board. The SEC frowns on advisors engaging in such conflicts but will tolerate it as long as it’s disclosed.Like other wealth managers, Iconiq charges percentage-of-assets fees: Up to 1.5 percent on allocations in stocks, bonds and ETFs. But it takes additional performance fees of 20 percent to 30 percent on venture fund profits. Not wanting to miss out on the action, Iconiq itself co-invests with its clients on the deals they arrange.Makan shuns publicity and goes as far as to require clients to sign non-disclosure agreements. Though Iconiq refused comment, Forbes’ investigation was stitched together from dozens of interviews with those in and around the firm. Many requested anonymity, fearing they would be shut out of Makan’s club.The seeds of Iconiq’s controversial family office/VC approach were planted in the summer of 2001. With an electrical engineering degree from South Africa’s University of Natal, a management consulting stint at Accenture and a Wharton MBA, Makan thought he’d make his career in investment banking or private equity. But the dot-com crash and recession forced him into a retail sales job in Goldman Sachs’ San Francisco wealth advisory office. Makan rarely handed out business cards—distancing himself from the vanilla “wealth advisor” label—but he worked hard to ingratiate himself to young moguls, finding clients before they became household names. Sandberg and Goldberg joined his roster two years before Google’s IPO, and he hooked up with Zuckerberg and Sean Parker shortly after Facebook moved from a Harvard dorm to Palo Alto. Makan inspired loyalty by referring clients to each other as much as they referred new ones to him. For example, he recommended Sandberg to Facebook.In the early days Makan would volunteer as a gofer for everything from meeting with estate planning lawyers to buying an engagement ring. “Divesh will tell clients everything but ‘I’ll pick up your laundry,’” says one venture capitalist. In an interview in a 2007 issue of Families in Business magazine, Makan bragged that he had planned a stag party in Las Vegas, edited business school applications for clients’ kids and even served as a marriage broker. Money management was but a small part of the job. “People care a lot more about us running their life. They want us to look after them,” he said at the time. Makan’s full-service approach clashed with the rigid structure of traditional Wall Street firms, alienating colleagues and compliance officers alike. He left Goldman in 2008, telling people it was over a workplace disagreement, but Goldman officially describes the reason for termination as a “loss of trust”. Either way he landed on his feet with a reported $20 million signing bonus at Morgan Stanley, thanks to an assist from Sandberg, who vouched for him. Goldman co-workers Chad Boeding and Michael Anders followed.

They had more freedom at Morgan Stanley but still clashed with higher-ups over the limits to their off-the-books behaviour. Finally, in 2011, with the Facebook IPO imminent, Morgan Stanley devised a plan to create an in-house family office around Makan. According to former colleagues, Makan & Co walked into a meeting and stated their intent to take the model outside the firm. Not wanting to anger Zuckerberg on the eve of Facebook’s IPO, Morgan Stanley quietly let the three-man team strike out on their own. These days Iconiq reports that it is closed to new clients, yet it still actively pitches entrepreneurs developing hot apps. The relationship starts with financial advice but often morphs into grabbing a stake in their companies for Iconiq and its best clients. “Divesh is following a time-honoured path,” says Matt Harris, managing director at Bain Capital Ventures. “Goldman has 12 different businesses, and they’re all opaque. If a company is raising money, they help them raise it, they take fees from them and [they also take fees] from the clients they got to invest.”Competitors like Bruce Brugler, of $4 billion Presidio Group, marvel at Makan’s success. “Iconiq is clearly conflicted, but that’s their model. And it doesn’t seem to slow them down.” What could disrupt Iconiq’s growth trajectory is a severe downturn in the overheated market for tech stocks and IPOs. “They’re making a huge bet on the continued bull market, the sex appeal of a ‘Friends of Zuckerberg’ fund and co-investments that could make them look like heroes,” Brugler says, “but they haven’t been through the down cycle yet.”A few clients, like Zynga’s Mark Pincus and Facebook’s Chris Hughes, have pulled money out of the firm, but Iconiq continues to reel in new let’s-make-a-deal clients.The lure of tech billionaire connections was even dangled in front of Forbes. Iconiq’s spokesman twice offered us “inside scoops” in exchange for dropping our story. Makan “would be a lot more valuable as an asset you could call all the time,” we were told. “With his connections, Divesh could be a great friend.”



(This story appears in the 09 January, 2015 issue of Forbes India. You can buy our tablet version from Magzter.com. To visit our Archives, click here.)



Show More





















Divesh Makan
 Iconiq Capital
 Silicon Valley
 Wealth management
 Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg
 Iconiq Strategic Partners fund
 Dropbox
 Drew Houston





MORE STORIES



Katherine Sullivan









 
For this environmental solutions company, Mumbai's trash is treasure





Thunderbird School of Global Management 









 
10 ways you can get Warren Buffet's attention





Mashad Arora









 
The changing face of domestic travel





Varsha Meghani









 
Beneath the Surface: How Hindustan Zinc grew to become the world's second largest zinc producer







Pravin Palande









 
Nifty skids off 10,000 mark; long-term outlook seen positive





Salil Panchal









 
Axis Bank's troubles continue as Q1 FY18 profit slips, but asset quality steady





Sayan Chakraborty









 
Byju's raises funds from Tencent; expects revenues to cross Rs 500 crore this fiscal





IBMVOICE









 
Digital transformation: How to lead and win






Comments 1













Gopal Agrahari
best wishes for great mind. on  Jan 7, 2015 























 

Forbes India Lists

























 


Insta-Subscribe to Forbes India Magazine




For hassle free instant subscription, just give your number and email id and our customer care agent will get in touch with you







OR
click here to Subscribe Online



 










Popular Now


Read

Audio
Blogs
Commented





India's Super 50 Companies: The list


DMart rewards investors' faith; delivers stellar numbers in Q1 2017


Leadership lessons for leaders: What would they look like?


China's 'Belt & Road' Initiative: 23 things you want to know


Why Snapdeal is no less than a moon shot for Infibeam


The qualities of being super: How these companies made it to the Super 50 list


Meet this year's top philanthropists trying to make a difference


Symphony: Beating the heat with its air coolers


Free phones to shares: Christmas comes early for RIL stakeholders


I am not in a rush to fly international out of India: AirAsia Group CEO Tony Fernandes






Podcast: Why Cybersecurity is India Inc's big worry 




Five constructive ways to transform your business through digital 
Why nations and its citizens should make online self-learning the #1 priority 
Why Flipkart has to worry about a lot more than Amazon buying BigBasket 
Top 5 technologies that will scale through beyond 2025 
25 ways to fight depression that don't involve drugs 
Baahubali: The Conclusion – a larger than larger-than-life extravaganza 
Indian maritime sector—on the cusp of revolution 
Top 5 content marketing ideas for guaranteed LinkedIn success 
GST would mean clutter-free highways 
7 most popular content resources you should produce in 2017 




India can increase output per citizen with fourth industrial revolution 
Leadership lessons for leaders: What would they look like? 
Ajanta Pharma: The small big dream 
The invisibles of Northeast and J&K 
The unique experiences of heritage hotels and homestays 
How data driven decisions can enhance procurement profitability 
Managing transitions in family businesses 
Rebooting Mindtree: Not Thinking 'Mid-tier' Any More | Forbes India 
Forevermark diamonds sparkle in the Indian market 
NoBroker.com ventures into property resale 











Tweets
Tweets by @forbes_india











The Spectacular Fall Of Atlantic City's Biggest Casino


 
Desi foods that can conquer foreign palates



























 
You might also want to read

   San Francisco's eclectic cultural scene adds to th... 
   The physical branch is less relevant now: HSBC Ind... 
   Lockheed Martin will soldier on despite Trump's tw... 
   KKR acquires majority stake in Avendus Capital 
   Honda opens its doors to Silicon Valley technology 

 next

prev 

related storiesSan Francisco's eclectic cultural scene adds to th...The physical branch is less relevant now: HSBC Ind...Lockheed Martin will soldier on despite Trump's tw...KKR acquires majority stake in Avendus CapitalHonda opens its doors to Silicon Valley technology











Diksha Divesh Makan - San Francisco, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Diksha Divesh Makan in San Francisco, CA


Diksha Divesh Makan

                                                                                       Intelius found that Diksha Divesh Makan  is  a female between 40 and 50 years old from San Francisco, CA.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Diksha Divesh Makan is in her 40s

Diksha Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA
Philadelphia, PA
Waltham, MA

Diksha's Relatives

Divesh Makan







Diksha Divesh Makan



Zodiac SignAquarius



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Project Manager at Care.com Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Diksha? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Diksha, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Diksha Divesh Makan
Get a Criminal Check on Diksha Divesh Makan
Get a Public Record Report on Diksha Divesh Makan
Get a People Search Report on Diksha Divesh Makan


Diksha Divesh Makan's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Diksha Divesh Makan has lived as well as Diksha Divesh Makan's phone numbers and email addresses.




Diksha Divesh Makan Has Lived in 3 States
California Address for Diksha Divesh Makan


2040 L***** S* 

San Francisco, CA


Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA
Philadelphia, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Diksha Divesh Makan

(415) ***-**** - San Francisco, CA 
(781) ***-**** - Waltham, MA 
() ***-**** - San Francisco, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Diksha Divesh Makan

d****n@***.com


Get Email Report




Diksha Divesh Makan's Professional Information
Information regarding Diksha Divesh Makan's professional history.  Find out previous places Diksha Divesh Makan has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Diksha Divesh Makan Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Care.com Inc
               Title: Project Manager
Diksha Divesh Makan's Experience
Title: Project Manager
               Company: Care.com Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 500 to less than 1,000. Care.com is an online service connecting people seeking care for their families with a nationwide network of trusted providers in the areas of child care, senior care, pet care, tutoring, housekeeping, and more. Founded in 2006 and backed by top venture capital investors, the company's rapid growth has resulted in significant press coverage from media outlets such as the Today Show, Good Morning America, BusinessWeek, and The New York Times. The company is based in Waltham, MA. For more information visit www.care.com.
Additional Professional Information on Diksha Divesh Makan

 See Diksha Divesh Makan's LinkedIn Profile



Diksha Divesh Makan's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Diksha Divesh Makan


Diksha Divesh Makan's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Diksha Divesh Makan's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Diksha Makan
Username Matches

                  DikshaMakan
                  MakanDiksha
                  Diksha.Makan
                  Makan.Diksha
                  Diksha_Makan
                  Makan_Diksha
                  Diksha-Makan
                  Makan-Diksha
                  DMakan
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Makan







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Divesh Kanthylal Makan: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 8:51 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of ICONIQ Capital, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Divesh Kanthylal Makan   ICONIQ Capital, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships----
Background

		Mr. Divesh Kanthylal Makan is the Founder and Partner of ICONIQ Capital, LLC. Mr. Makan served at The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and Morgan Stanley. Mr. Makan has been a Member of Advisory Board at DocuSign, Inc. since February 2016. Mr. Makan is a Vice President at Goldman Sachs, where he advises large private companies on diversification and hedge strategies, with a special focus on private equity and hedge funds. Mr. Makan has also sourced and completed over 50 million ... in investments from early to the late stage and advises executive teams and Chief Executive Officers on liquidating planning. He is a successful entrepreneur and investor with a global network, specializing in private equity and venture capital. His background includes management consulting, venture startups and investment banking. Earlier, Mr. Makan was a Venture Partner at Asenqua Ventures. Previously, Mr. Makan led corporate development efforts for Bay Area B2B startups, resulting in a 15 percent oversubscribed, 5 million round. At the London, Amsterdam, Johannesburg and Chicago offices of Accenture and KKR, he led projects in venture capital, corporate strategy, spin-offs, information technology strategy and eCommerce strategy. Mr. Makan is an active philanthropist and serves on Goldman Sachs Junior achievement Board. He is a Council Member of the San Francisco Ballet.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Suite 300San Francisco, California 94111United StatesPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.Morgan StanleyDocuSign, Inc.Asenqua Ventures


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ICONIQ Capital, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Trusted Insight | 
	Divesh Makan | Iconiq Capital | Family Office | Institutional Investor Professional Profile on Trusted Insight
Trusted Insight Platform













 







 







 




















































												Divesh Makan
											





LP











Sign up with Trusted Insight and access Divesh's full profile.
Simply create your account and get immediate access to this profile and:


Investment professionals profiles and top rankings
Carefully curated investment news and newsletters
Daily updated investment jobs and jobs posting service
Global alternative investment trends and due diligence


Sign up to view Divesh's Full Profile




People you may know












Bruce Madding

																	
																		
																			Family Office
																		
																	
																	a company not specified
																
Follow











Alan Chang

																	
																		
																			Family Office
																		
																	
																	a company not specified
																
Follow











Nicole Belytschko

																	
																		
																			Family Office
																		
																	
																	a company not specified
																
Follow











Elaine Chan

																	
																		
																			Family Office
																		
																	
																	a company not specified
																
Follow











Trending Tags

Hard Assets
Asia-Pacific
Education
Commodities
Big Data
Bank Instruments
Advertising
United States
India
Asia
Asset Allocation
Family Office
Agriculture
Energy
Hedge Funds
Venture Capital
Real Estate
Real Assets
Information Technology
Private Equity
Artificial Intelligence
Technology
China
Europe
Capital Markets
Commercial Real Estate
Infrastructure
Emerging Markets





People also viewed













Pratik Patel
																	Institutional Investor in 
																
VIEW












Stephen Donahue, CFA
																	Institutional Investor in the United States
																
VIEW












Scott Leiter
																	Institutional Investor in the United States
																
VIEW












Sophie Liang
																	Institutional Investor in the United States
																
VIEW











Featured Investment Jobs


Analyst, Portfolio Management


Analyst, Infrastructure & Real Assets- German Speaking


Portfolio Manager, Public Assets


Intern, Macquarie Infrastructure & Real Assets (3-6 months)


Investment Analyst, Affordable Housing (Real Estate)






Profile is not verified
The information shown is sourced from public sources.
Is this you? Claim this profile.










































×







What do you want to suggest?









Name is mandatory!






Email is mandatory!







Enter a suggestion



Send





										Thanks for your submission. Trusted Insight is reviewing your message.
									
Close




















×

Reason for report




Why are you issuing this report?




Send Report
Cancel



































×







Sign Up


 Sign up with Google


OR










Enter your first name.






Enter your last name.







Enter your email address.









Please choose a password with a minimum of 5 characters











Sign Up



												By joining, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.

												Already a member? Login



















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












    Divesh Makan | Morgan Stanley & Co. | ZoomInfo.com


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















