



Jun Makihara of Philip Morris International Inc Board of Directors

















 





 



Philip Morris International Inc
 PM


OverviewExecutive CompensationInsider ActivityKey ExecutivesBoard of DirectorsCommittees
 


Board of Directors
                > Jun Makihara
            
Jun Makihara, Independent Director



Profile
Connections






Biography



    Mr. Makihara was employed at Goldman, Sachs & Co. from 1981 to 2000, during which time he was a General Partner for six years, working in New York, Los Angeles, and Tokyo. During his tenure in Tokyo, he was co-head of the Investment Banking Group and the Japanese Equities Group and also served as co-branch manager. Subsequently, he was Chairman of Neoteny Co., Ltd., a Japanese venture incubator until 2015. Other Directorships and Associations: Mr. Makihara is a director of Monex Group, Inc. and Shinsei Bank, Ltd. He is a trustee of the Protestant Episcopal Cathedral Foundation in Washington, D.C. and a board member of the Japan Society in New York. He also served on the board of RHJ International S.A. from 2005 to 2014.
    





Board Membership



Company Name
Board Member Since
Board Committees







Philip Morris International Inc
2014
AUDIT,BOARD,FINANCE,PRODUCT INNOVATION AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS







Jun Makihara is connected to 12 Board Members.See list of all Board Connections.

 


  














JUN MAKIHARA INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    JUN MAKIHARA INC.











Company number F93000001054
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 133694637
        

Company Type Foreign for Profit
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date 3/10/1997
        

Date Of Incorporation 2/25/1993
        

Principal Address
            85 BROAD STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10004
            


Mailing Address 85 BROAD STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10004
        
JUN MAKIHARA INC. Principals

President, Director
                Makihara Jun
                 


Address
                ARK MORI BLDG. 12-32 ALASAKA 1-CHOME, MINATO-KU, TOKYO 107,JAPAN
                 



Secretary
                Mchugh James B
                 


Address
                85 BROAD STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10004
                 



Vice President, President
                Stecher Esta E
                 


Address
                85 BROAD STREET, NEW YORK, NY
                 







Last Annual Reports

1997 2/20/1997
            

1997 2/20/1997
            

1996 8/1/1996
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name  (p)
        

Agent Address
                FL
                

JUN MAKIHARA INC. Events

1 WITHDRAWAL
            

filedDate 3/10/1997
            

Description
JUN MAKIHARA INC. has been set up 2/25/1993 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The JUN MAKIHARA INC. principal adress is 85 BROAD STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10004. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 85 BROAD STREET, NEW YORK, NY, 10004. 
The company`s registered agent is  FL.  
The company`s management are President, Director - Makihara Jun, Secretary - Mchugh James B, Vice President, President - Stecher Esta E. The last significant event in the company history is WITHDRAWAL which is dated by 3/10/1997. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 2/20/1997.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
JUNMAT ENTERPRISES, LLC
JUN MA TRAVEL AGENCY, LLC.
JUNMO, LLC
JUN MUSIC LLC
JUNNA'S PEPPER SAUCE
JUNNA TECHNOLOGICAL CORPORATION











    Jun Makihara | Neoteny Co. | ZoomInfo.com






Jun Makihara | Directors and Boards
























Skip to main content










Login
 Username *
 Password *


GO >
Forgot password?  Not a Subscriber? 

















Search form
Search











Toggle navigation






















 













Mr. Jun  MakiharaMakihara has been an advisor of Hakuhodo DY Holdings Inc., an advertising and media group, since 2005. He was with Goldman Sachs from 1981-2000, during which he served as co-branch manager of Goldman Sachs Japan Ltd.2014 Fourth QuarterAdded to: Philip Morris International Inc. - New York, NYPhilip Morris manufactures and sells cigarettes and other tobacco products. Revenues are $26 billion.















 















 










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





















Jun Makihara - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Jun Makihara
Board Member at Philip Morris International Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Jun Makihara? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jun Makihara's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jun Makihara's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jun Makihara's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jun Makihara through your network of contacts.
												








Jun Makihara's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Philip Morris International Inc.


Past
To view Jun Makihara's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
59

 
 


Jun Makihara's Biography



Professional Experience:
Mr. Makihara was employed at Goldman, Sachs & Co. from 1981 to 2000, during which time he was a General Partner for six years, working in New York, Los Angeles, and Tokyo. During his tenure in Tokyo, he was co-head of the Investment Banking Group and the Japanese Equities Group and also served as co-branch manager. Subsequently, he was Chairman of Neoteny Co., Ltd., a Japanese venture incubator until 2015.
 
Other Directorships and Associations:
Mr. Makihara is a director of Monex Group, Inc. and Shinsei Bank, Ltd. He is a trustee of the Protestant Episcopal Cathedral Foundation in Washington, D.C. and a board mem ...
(Read More)

			Professional Experience:
Mr. Makihara was employed at Goldman, Sachs & Co. from 1981 to 2000, during which time he was a General Partner for six years, working in New York, Los Angeles, and Tokyo. During his tenure in Tokyo, he was co-head of the Investment Banking Group and the Japanese Equities Group and also served as co-branch manager. Subsequently, he was Chairman of Neoteny Co., Ltd., a Japanese venture incubator until 2015.
 
Other Directorships and Associations:
Mr. Makihara is a director of Monex Group, Inc. and Shinsei Bank, Ltd. He is a trustee of the Protestant Episcopal Cathedral Foundation in Washington, D.C. and a board member of the Japan Society in New York. He also served on the board of RHJ International S.A. from 2005 to 2014.
 
PMI Board Committees:
Mr. Makihara is Chair of the Finance Committee and a member of the Audit and Product Innovation and Regulatory Affairs Committees.
 
Director Qualifications:
Mr. Makihara brings his deep experience in finance to his position as Chair of the Finance Committee, and the Board benefits from his entrepreneurial spirit and a thorough knowledge of business in Asia, one of the Company's most important segments.
		
Source: Philip Morris International Inc. on 03/23/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jun Makihara's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Jun Makihara. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jun Makihara's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jun Makihara's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jun Makihara through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Jun Makihara


















Jun Makihara's Connections (112)





Sign up now to view Jun Makihara's 112 connections »









Marc B. Lautenbach
President and Chief Executive Officer, Pitney Bowes Inc.









Jacek Olczak
Chief Financial Officer, Philip Morris International Inc.









Kalpana Morparia
Board Member, Philip Morris International Inc.









Harold Brown
Board Member, Philip Morris International Inc.









Andre Calantzopoulos
Chief Executive Officer, Philip Morris International Inc.









Marc S. Firestone
Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Philip Morris International Inc.









Matteo L. Pellegrini
Former President, Asia Region, Philip Morris International Inc.









Paul A. Volcker
Former Board Member, Prudential Financial, Inc.









Howard L. Stringer
Former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Representative Corporate Executive Officer, Sony Corporation









Peter G. Peterson
Former Co-Founder, Senior Chairman and Director, Blackstone








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Jun Makihara Inventions, Patents and Patent Applications - Justia Patents Search

































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing












                                    Patents by Inventor Jun Makihara
                                




                    Jun Makihara has filed for patents to protect the following inventions. This listing includes patent applications that are pending as well as patents that have already been granted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO).
                







Thermosensitive recording medium



Patent number:  8247347
                                            

Abstract:  The present invention presents a thermosensitive recording medium having excellent color development, image quality and preservation properties as well as excellent stamp receptivity, anti-scratching ability, printability and water blocking resistance. The present invention is a thermosensitive recording medium having a thermosensitive recording layer comprising at least a colorless or pale colored basic leuco dye and an electron accepting developing agent as a coating layer on a substrate, wherein at least an outermost layer among the thermosensitive recording layer and other optionally prepared coated layers contains rice starch particles.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        March 14, 2008
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        August 21, 2012
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Nippon Paper Industries Co., Ltd.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Ken Takagi, Jun Makihara, Akihito Ogino, Kenji Hirai, Makoto Hasegawa, Shin Suzuki, Takeshi Hirose
                            





Thermosensitive recording medium



Patent number:  8129307
                                            

Abstract:  The present invention provides a thermosensitive recording medium, which is excellent in stamping ability, anti-scratching ability, and water and plasticizer resistance of image area as well as in recording sensitivity, image quality and storage stability. The present invention is a thermosensitive recording medium having a thermosensitive recording layer containing at least a colorless or pale colored basic leuco dye and an electron accepting developing agent as a coating layer on a substrate, wherein at least an outermost layer among the thermosensitive recording layer and other optionally prepared coated layers contains powdered cellulose, wherein the powdered cellulose is prepared by a dry grinding process at ambient temperature.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        January 25, 2008
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        March 6, 2012
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Nippon Paper Industries Co., Ltd.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Jun Makihara, Akihito Ogino
                            





DATA VERIFICATION METHOD, DATA VERIFICATION DEVICE, AND DATA VERIFICATION PROGRAM



Publication number:  20100246978
                                            

Abstract:  A data verification method includes extracting a first graphic and a second graphic from a first circuit pattern, extracting a third graphic and a fourth graphic from a second circuit pattern, the second circuit pattern being in a layer different than a layer including the first circuit pattern; performing transformation on the first graphic; comparing the first graphic having undergone the transformation with the second graphic; performing the transformation on the third graphic; comparing the third graphic having undergone the transformation with the fourth graphic; when the first graphic having undergone the transformation matches the second graphic, and the third graphic having undergone the transformation matches the fourth graphic, performing grouping for the first and second graphics and setting the first graphic as a first representative graphic; and verifying a shape of the first circuit pattern based on the first representative graphic.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        March 30, 2010
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        September 30, 2010
                        

Applicant: 
                                                                        FUJITSU MICROELECTRONICS LIMITED
                                

Inventor: 
                                                                
                                Jun MAKIHARA
                            





Thermosensitive Recording Medium



Publication number:  20100099557
                                            

Abstract:  The present invention provides a thermosensitive recording medium, which is excellent in stamping ability, anti-scratching ability, and water and plasticizer resistance of image area as well as in recording sensitivity, image quality and storage stability. The present invention is a thermosensitive recording medium having a thermosensitive recording layer containing at least a colorless or pale colored basic leuco dye and an electron accepting developing agent as a coating layer on a substrate, wherein at least an outermost layer among the thermosensitive recording layer and other optionally prepared coated layers contains powdered cellulose, wherein the powdered cellulose is prepared by a dry grinding process at ambient temperature.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        January 25, 2008
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        April 22, 2010
                        

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Jun Makihara, Akihito Ogino
                            





THERMOSENSITIVE RECORDING MEDIUM



Publication number:  20100062935
                                            

Abstract:  The present invention presents a thermosensitive recording medium having excellent color development, image quality and preservation properties as well as excellent stamp receptivity, anti-scratching ability, printability and water blocking resistance. The present invention is a thermosensitive recording medium having a thermosensitive recording layer comprising at least a colorless or pale colored basic leuco dye and an electron accepting developing agent as a coating layer on a substrate, wherein at least an outermost layer among the thermosensitive recording layer and other optionally prepared coated layers contains rice starch particles.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        March 14, 2008
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        March 11, 2010
                        

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Ken Takagi, Jun Makihara, Akihito Ogino, Kenji Hirai, Makoto Hasegawa, Shin Suzuki, Takeshi Hirose
                            





Thermally-sensitive recording medium



Patent number:  7618922
                                            

Abstract:  A thermally-sensitive recording medium having a protecting layer formed on a thermally-sensitive recording layer containing a colorless or pale-colored electron-donating leuco dye and electron-accepting color-developing agent. The thermally-sensitive recording layer is formed on a substrate, and the protecting layer contains a resin that contains a carboxyl group, epichlorohydrin resin and modified polyamine/amide resin, and the thermally-sensitive recording medium exhibits sufficient resistant against water such as rain or humidity, and further is excellent in printing run-ability (head debris and sticking) and sensitivity.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        December 6, 2005
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        November 17, 2009
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Nippon Paper Industries Co., Ltd.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Akihito Ogino, Seiki Yoneshige, Junpei Natsui, Jun Makihara, Naoki Negishi
                            





Method and apparatus for measuring distance with graphic data



Publication number:  20080228439
                                            

Abstract:  A computer-implemented method for facilitating measurement of the distance between edges graphically shown on a display device according to graphic data. The method includes setting a ruler including a first end point and a second end point on the edges, calculating the distance between the first end point and the second end point, moving the ruler on the display device in response to an input of a coordinate, and calculating the distance between the first end point and the second end point for the moved ruler.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        March 11, 2008
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        September 18, 2008
                        

Applicant: 
                                                                        FUJITSU LIMITED
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Jun Makihara, Yoshio Ito
                            





Thermally Sensitive Recording Medium



Publication number:  20080139385
                                            

Abstract:  A thermally sensitive recording medium laminating a protecting layer on a thermally sensitive recording layer containing a colorless or pale colored electron donating leuco dye and electron accepting color developing agent, said thermally sensitive recording layer is formed on a substrate, and said protecting layer is comprising a resin that contains a carboxyl group, epichlorohydrin resin and modified polyamine/amide resin, and said thermally sensitive recording medium exhibits sufficient resistance against water such as rain or humidity, further excellent in printing run-ability (head debris and sticking) and sensitivity.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        December 6, 2005
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        June 12, 2008
                        

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Akihito Ogino, Seiki Yoneshige, Junpei Natsui, Jun Makihara, Naoki Negishi
                            





Dullish coated paper for printing



Patent number:  7208068
                                            

Abstract:  A dull coated printing paper that is bulky (low in density) having a density of 0.90 to 1.15 g/cm3 and yet offers excellent pliability, superior surface smoothness, high degree of print gloss and minimal small-scale gloss variations in the image area are obtained by forming a coating layer comprising a pigment and an adhesive on a base paper which contains an organic compound having an action to inhibit binding between pulp fibers and then carrying out calender treatment at a line pressure for the treatment of 50 to 150 kg/cm.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        December 26, 2002
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        April 24, 2007
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Nippon Paper Industries Co., Ltd.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Hideaki Nisogi, Jun Makihara, Yukiko Ohira, Hirokazu Morii
                            





Printing coated paper



Patent number:  7101459
                                            

Abstract:  A coated printing paper the product of whose basis weight, density, Young's modulus in the machine direction and breaking length in the machine direction is within the range of no less than 1.0×1021g2·N/m6 but not greater than 4.0×1021g2·N/m6, and which offers excellent pliability, superior print gloss in the image area regardless of lower white-paper gloss, minimal small-scale gloss variations in the image area, and excellent workability with the printing machinery, more particularly a matte coated paper, is provided.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        June 26, 2001
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        September 5, 2006
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Nippon Paper Industries Co., Ltd.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Hideaki Nisogi, Jun Makihara, Takehide Kasahara, Takashi Ochi, Hirokazu Morii, Hideki Fujiwara
                            





Layout device



Publication number:  20050138591
                                            

Abstract:  A layout device that reduces work. The layout device includes a storage unit for storing position information of patterns generated through layout designing. A display unit displays the patterns in accordance with a layout corresponding to the position information. An input unit enables a user to designate a pattern from one of the patterns displayed on the display unit as a marked pattern and enables the user to designate a hierarchical level of the hierarchical structure to which the marked pattern belongs as a reference level. A processing unit, connected to the storage unit, the display unit, and the input unit, obtains coordinates of the marked pattern using the position information of the patterns in the reference level that is stored in the storage unit and dumps the obtained coordinates to the display unit.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        December 17, 2004
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        June 23, 2005
                        

Applicant: 
                                                                        FUJITSU LIMITED
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Naoki Shirai, Junji Tomida, Jun Makihara
                            





Dullish coated paper for printing



Publication number:  20050016701
                                            

Abstract:  A dull coated printing paper that is bulky (low in density) having a density of 0.90 to 1.15 g/cm3 and yet offers excellent pliability, superior surface smoothness, high degree of print gloss and minimal small-scale gloss variations in the image area are obtained by forming a coating layer comprising a pigment and an adhesive on a base paper which contains an organic compound having an action to inhibit binding between pulp fibers and then carrying out calender treatment at a line pressure for the treatment of 50 to 150 kg/cm.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        December 26, 2002
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        January 27, 2005
                        

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Hideaki Nisogi, Jun Makihara, Yukiko Ohira, Hirokazu Morii
                            





Printing coated paper



Publication number:  20040045686
                                            

Abstract:  A coated printing paper the product of whose basis weight, density, Young's modulus in the machine direction and breaking length in the machine direction is within the range of no less than 1.0×1021g2·N/m6 but not greater than 4.0×1021g2·N/m6, and which offers excellent pliability, superior print gloss in the image area regardless of lower white-paper gloss, minimal small-scale gloss variations in the image area, and excellent workability with the printing machinery, more particularly a matte coated paper, is provided.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        September 12, 2003
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        March 11, 2004
                        

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Hideaki Nisogi, Jun Makihara, Takehide Kasahara, Takashi Ochi, Hirokazu Morii, Hideki Fujiwara
                            



 




Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                                                    1000
                                                



                                            Ask Question
                                        






Find a Lawyer













Lawyers - Get Listed Now!

Get a free directory profile listing










                    Justia Legal Resources
                



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                             © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions











JUN MAKIHARA INC - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



NEW YORK



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            JUN MAKIHARA INC
                                    



 





















J 


JUN MAKIHARA INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



85 BROAD ST NEW YORK, NY 10004
Get Directions



(212) 358-1776





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts ROBERT J KATZ







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Jun Makihara Inc was founded in 2001. Jun Makihara Inc specializes in Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.















    Emily Makihara on Prezi
CreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano
                Emily Makihara
            
                
                    
                        Emily Makihara is using Prezi to create and share presentations online.
                    
                
            
            ♥ Prezi?
            Sign up now, it's free!
        
            Prezis
        (3)
        
    Untitled Prezi
            
                by Emily Makihara on 27 October 2015
            
        ReusableWhat Makes Cephalopods the most Advance...
            
                by Emily Makihara on 8 June 2015
            
        ReusableUntitled Prezi
            
                by Emily Makihara on 8 June 2015
            
        ReusableProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactApps
                                English
                            
                                español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                Français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                italiano
                            
        © 2017 Prezi Inc. 
        Terms
