

Frederick J. Mancheski: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 23, 2017 7:38 PM ET

Company Overview of The Connecticut Hospice Inc



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Frederick J. Mancheski  Chairman Of The Board, The Connecticut Hospice IncAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships90--
Background

		Mr. Frederick J. Mancheski, also known as Fred, served as Chief Executive Officer of Echlin Inc. from 1969 to February 1997. In January 1963, Mr. Mancheski joined Echlin Manufacturing Company, a manufacturer and distributor of automotive parts as Vice President of Manufacturing and Engineering. He served as Vice President and General Manager at Echlin Inc. He served at Raytech Corporation. Mr. Mancheski began his career with the Timken Roller Bearing Company. He later ... joined McKinsey & Company, a management consulting firm. He serves as Director of Echlin Inc. as well as RB&W Corporation. He serves as Chairman of the Board at The Connecticut Hospice Inc. He served as Chairman of Echlin Inc. from 1969 to February 1997. Mr. Mancheski has been Director of Interroll Engineering West Inc. since September 1990. He served as a Board Observer and Director at FluGen, Inc. He holds BS, Mechanical Engineering from UW.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
----, -- --United StatesPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
1990-PresentDirectorInterroll Engineering West Inc.
Education
BS Wilfrid Laurier University
Other Affiliations
Interroll Engineering West Inc.Raytech CorporationWilfrid Laurier UniversityQuinnipiac UniversityFluGen, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact The Connecticut Hospice Inc, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Frederick J Mancheski - Las Vegas, NV | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Frederick J Mancheski in Las Vegas, NV


Frederick J Mancheski

                                                                           Intelius found that Frederick J Mancheski  is  a male between 80 and 90 years old from Las Vegas, NV.  We have connected them to
                16 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Fred J Mancheski


Get Report Now

Age

Frederick J Mancheski is in his 80s

Frederick Has Lived In

Las Vegas, NV
Canton, OH
Wallingford, CT

Frederick's Relatives

Judith Mancheski
Franc Mancheski
Amy Mancheski
Didi Mancheski







Frederick J Mancheski



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Professional Status
Position, Industry at The Timken Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Frederick? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Frederick, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Frederick J Mancheski
Get a Criminal Check on Frederick J Mancheski
Get a Public Record Report on Frederick J Mancheski
Get a People Search Report on Frederick J Mancheski


Frederick J Mancheski's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Frederick J Mancheski has lived as well as Frederick J Mancheski's phone numbers and email addresses.




Frederick J Mancheski Has Lived in 7 States
Nevada Address for Frederick J Mancheski


3111 B** A** D* 

Las Vegas, NV


Has Lived In

Las Vegas, NV
Canton, OH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Frederick J Mancheski

(203) ***-**** - North Haven, CT 
(203) ***-**** - Draper, UT 
(702) ***-**** - Draper, UT 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Frederick J Mancheski

m*******i@***.com


Get Email Report




Frederick J Mancheski's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Frederick J Mancheski's academic history.  Find out which schools Frederick J Mancheski attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Frederick J Mancheski received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Frederick J Mancheski Has Attended 4 Schools
Uw-madison Frederick J Mancheski has a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering               
Uw-madison                                             
Uw-madison School of Business                              Frederick J Mancheski has a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering               
 


Frederick J Mancheski's Professional Information
Information regarding Frederick J Mancheski's professional history.  Find out previous places Frederick J Mancheski has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Frederick J Mancheski Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: The Timken Company
               Title: Position, Industry
Company: Hospice Inc
               Title: Board Member
Frederick J Mancheski's Experience
Title: Position, Industry
               Company: The Timken Company
Job Details
               The Timken Company (NYSE: TKR; www.timken.com) engineers, manufactures and markets bearings, gear drives, belts, chain and related products, and offers a spectrum of powertrain rebuild and repair services. The leading authority on tapered roller bearings, Timken today applies its deep knowledge of metallurgy, tribology and mechanical power transmission across a variety of bearings and related systems to improve reliability and efficiency of machinery and equipment all around the world. The company's growing product and services portfolio features many strong industrial brands including Timken®, Fafnir®, Philadelphia Gear®, Carlisle®, Drives® and InterlubeTM. Known for its quality products and collaborative technical sales model, Timken posted $2.9 billion in sales in 2015. With 15,000 employees operating from 28 countries, Timken makes the world more productive and keeps industry in motion.
Title: Board Member
               Company: Hospice Inc
Job Details
               At Hospice of Southwest Ohio, we are dedicated to providing quality comfort care and support in meeting the medical, emotional, spiritual and psychological needs of our patients, families, caregivers, staff and community in a way that affirms life and supports choices in an environment of dignity and respect. HSWO's caring employees and volunteers are empowered to fulfill this vision…with every patient…every day.
Additional Professional Information on Frederick J Mancheski

 See Frederick J Mancheski's LinkedIn Profile



Frederick J Mancheski's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Frederick J Mancheski


Frederick J Mancheski's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Frederick J Mancheski's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Frederick Mancheski
Username Matches

                  FrederickMancheski
                  MancheskiFrederick
                  Frederick.Mancheski
                  Mancheski.Frederick
                  Frederick_Mancheski
                  Mancheski_Frederick
                  Frederick-Mancheski
                  Mancheski-Frederick
                  FMancheski
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
F Mancheski







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Frederick J. Mancheski, horoscope for birth date 21 July 1926, born in Stevens Point WI, with Astrodatabank biography - Astro-Databank

























Mancheski, Frederick J.

From Astro-Databank


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

 



Frederick J. Mancheskinatal chart (noon, no houses)natal chart English style (noon, no houses)




 Name 



Mancheski, Frederick J.
Gender:  M



 born on 
 21 July 1926


 Place 
 Stevens Point WI, USA, 44n31,  89w34 


 Timezone 
 CST h6w (is standard time)


 Data source 



Date w/o time



Rodden Rating X


Collector: Hewitt




 Astrology data 
   28°12'  

add Frederick J. Mancheski to 'my astro'




Biography
American mechanical engineer and CEO in charge of Echlin, an auto parts manufacturer and distributor.  Mancheski, known for his hard work and drive, has doubled the companies revenues in five years.  He has a BS degree in Mechanical Engineering.

Source Notes
Paul Hewitt collection

Categories
 Vocation : Engineer : Mechanical
 Vocation : Business : Top executive (CEO)
 Vocation : Business/Marketing : Product Marketing (Auto parts)
 Traits : Personality : Ambitious (Determined, hard worker)



 
						Retrieved from "http://www.astro.com/wiki/astro-databank/index.php?title=Mancheski,_Frederick_J.&oldid=37883"					
Categories: 1926 birthsBirthday 21 JulyBirthplace Stevens Point WI, USASun 28 CancerVocation : Engineer : MechanicalVocation : Business : Top executiveVocation : Business/Marketing : Product MarketingTraits : Personality : Ambitious 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Log in (for editors) 



Namespaces

Page
Discussion




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history





More

















Search



 







Navigation


Main pageAll pagesNew pagesRecent changesRandom pageHelpHelp externalto Astrodienst 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesSpecial pagesPrintable versionPermanent linkPage information 






 This page was last modified on 29 May 2002, at 00:00.
Content is available under these permissions. unless otherwise noted.


Privacy policy
About Astro-Databank
Disclaimers



 







   Frederick Mancheski | | ZoomInfo.com 




'Super Mario' Has a Super Headache - The New York Times





















































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Business Day|'Super Mario' Has a Super Headache







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search












Advertisement








Supported by



Business Day

'Super Mario' Has a Super Headache

By ANDREW ROSS SORKINSEPT. 25, 2005



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story









IN 1976, Mario J. Gabelli, then a red-headed 34-year-old research analyst, took one of his regular trips to Branford, Conn., to meet with Frederick J. Mancheski, then chairman and chief executive of Echlin Inc., an auto parts company he covered. But on that visit, Mr. Gabelli had something to sell: himself."He came in one day and said he was thinking of starting his own firm to manage money," Mr. Mancheski, now 79, recalled in a recent interview. "I told him I thought he had the know-how and he asked me if I'd be interested in investing in it. I was the first backer." He sent him a $50,000 check.Mr. Gabelli, now 63 with a shock of white hair, has gone on to become one of the nation's most successful and powerful mutual fund managers; his company, Gamco Investors, formerly Gabelli Asset Management, has huge stakes in some of the world's largest media companies, including Time Warner and Viacom. Barron's once listed him among the "world's greatest stock pickers." By following a value-investment philosophy not that different from Warren Buffett's, he has come to be known on Wall Street as "Super Mario."Mr. Gabelli made his name and fortune by being a vocal champion of shareholder rights, often railing in the press against companies to push them to follow his agenda. He has said he "got the idea from the Pilgrims of the 17th century, who would put you in the stocks when you committed a crime to serve your appropriate tour of duty and expose you to public ridicule."

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

But today his own $28 billion empire, based in Rye, N.Y., is under attack, accused of an assortment of corporate abuses. And his accuser is perhaps his unlikeliest foe: Mr. Mancheski. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





Although he is the second-largest investor in Mr. Gabelli's private holding company, Mr. Mancheski has filed suit against it, contending that Mr. Gabelli and his firm's directors "are guilty of looting the assets of the company, breaching their fiduciary duties to its shareholders and oppressing its minority shareholders."The suit offers a rare glimpse inside Mr. Gabelli's mutual fund kingdom, uncovering reams of previously confidential documents and highlighting other records that suggest his business may be run like so many of the companies that he has long criticized as disenfranchising shareholders.They show, among other things, that Mr. Gabelli has spun a complicated web of private and public businesses that he has used to pay himself and his sons hundreds of millions of dollars in salary and management fees. In some cases, the compensation goes far beyond what has ever been made public in the company's filings.It is certainly no secret that Mr. Gabelli, a graduate of Fordham University and Columbia Business School, is well paid. His publicly disclosed income for 2004 was $55 million -- "enormous by any standard," said Rachel Barnard, an analyst at Morningstar -- and in 2002, he took home $87 million in cash when the firm's net income was only $53.3 million.Nor is it a secret that outsiders have previously raised questions about his governance. Morningstar, while acknowledging that his company's stock has outperformed the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index by a wide margin since 1999, has nonetheless consistently given his funds a near-flunking "D" grade for stewardship. The low mark was based in part on Mr. Gabelli's lavish compensation and tight control over the business.But Mr. Mancheski's lawsuit, which was filed with David M. Perlmutter, another of the firm's original investors and a former lawyer for the company, takes the allegations much further. Of course, the goal of the lawsuit is to force Mr. Gabelli to pay the men tens of millions of dollars that they say they are owed. And the men, both of whom are already wealthy, may have been motivated to make some of the lawsuit's most strident accusations in hopes of being able to extract a generous settlement from Mr. Gabelli. Mr. Mancheski and Mr. Perlmutter own nearly 10 percent of Mr. Gabelli's private company.Mr. Gabelli declined to be interviewed for this article. A spokesman for him called the suit "tantamount to greenmail" and suggested that the men were trying to "reap huge additional gains at the expense of the other shareholders." Nonetheless, the judge overseeing the case, in State Supreme Court in Westchester County, has denied Mr. Gabelli's requests to have it dismissed. The case is expected to be tried later this year, unless a settlement is reached first.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

TRYING to understand Mr. Gabelli's empire is like trying to solve a complex jigsaw puzzle whose pieces have been scattered. There is the widely known publicly traded Gamco Investors, which houses the famous family of mutual funds that is the crown jewel of his business. Then there is a private company, called Gabelli Group Capital Partners, or G.G.C.P., that owns majority control of Gamco and operates several other ancillary investment businesses.Mr. Gabelli is the majority owner of G.G.C.P. and therefore also has majority control of Gamco. While Gamco reports its earnings, compensation for executives and other information to the public, G.G.C.P. does not. As a private company, it doesn't have to.As a result, investors in Gamco would never know, for instance, that Mr. Gabelli takes the equivalent of two salaries: one from Gamco and another from G.G.C.P., a curious idea since G.G.C.P.'s main business is, well, Gamco. Documents from the case show that beyond Mr. Gabelli's public salary at Gamco, he pays himself 20 percent of G.G.C.P.'s pretax revenue as a "management fee," which he shares with his sons Marc and Matthew, both of whom serve on G.G.C.P.'s board. The G.G.C.P. management fee alone has produced more than $20 million for Mr. Gabelli and his sons since 1999.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




In addition, Mr. Gabelli is the chairman and chief executive of another public company, called Lynch Interactive, a multimedia company that shares office spare with Gamco. Mr. Gabelli's son Marc is the chairman of the Lynch Corporation, the one-time parent of Lynch Interactive, a public company that shares office space with G.G.C.P. Filings show that Lynch Interactive and the Lynch Corporation have paid Mario Gabelli over $7 million since 1999.All of this raises a question: How can one person be in so many places at one time? To be sure, senior executives often have roles outside of their company on boards of other businesses or charities, but it is rare to see the same executive with the title of chief executive for three separate businesses, two of them publicly traded entities. According to Mr. Gabelli's employment contract with Gamco, he is required to spend "the substantial majority of his working time" operating that business.Mr. Gabelli's generous compensation poses a particular problem for Mr. Mancheski and Mr. Perlmutter. Both contend that as minority shareholders in G.G.C.P., they can only watch helplessly as Mr. Gabelli has paid himself handsomely with what they say is at least partly their money. While Mr. Mancheski accepts that he had agreed to Mr. Gabelli's initial pay formula, he questions its suitability for the leader of a company that has grown so large."If I had been advised in 1977 that Mr. Gabelli would pay himself 40 percent of gross revenues generated by him and 20 percent of the company's pretax revenue regardless of how successful the company became, how many additional executives and employees were hired, or how much money that formula produced in any one year, I would not have invested," Mr. Mancheski said in an affidavit. "Although such a compensation formula might have been appropriate for the chief executive of a start-up company with virtually no business, it is a wholly inappropriate formula for the chief executive of a mature and successful company."So why doesn't Mr. Mancheski just sell his stake in the business?That is the heart of his problem and, in turn, the basis of his case. He can't.The tension goes back to when Mr. Mancheski and Mr. Perlmutter first invested with Mr. Gabelli. At the time, there were very few conditions attached to the investments. Mr. Mancheski and Mr. Perlmutter say they believed that at some point they would be able to sell their shares for whatever they were worth or transfer them to members of their family. For more than two decades, neither man had any reason to sell his shares -- and Mr. Gabelli has been on a long hot streak.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

In 1999, Mr. Gabelli took his company public. It was supposed to be a huge payday for everyone. Mr. Mancheski's original investment in 1976 would have turned into nearly $100 million, if not more. But at the last minute, Mr. Gabelli restructured the offering so that only the company's mutual fund business would be taken public -- leaving the company's ancillary investment businesses remaining in the private company, and preventing its minority investors from being able to cash out.A review of the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission shows that Mr. Gabelli originally filed to take the entire private company public, which would have given all G.G.C.P. shareholders publicly traded stock. But then he changed the arrangement, transferring its operating businesses into a new subsidiary that then issued 20 percent of its stock to the public and 80 percent to G.G.C.P. The reorganization not only kept the company's minority shareholders like Mr. Mancheski from reaping the benefits of the I.P.O.; it also made it possible for G.G.C.P. to avoid having to make public disclosures.It is not clear whether the purpose of changing the structure of the offering was to disenfranchise Mr. Gabelli's original minority shareholders. Executives involved in the offering suggest that the offering was restructured, in part, for tax purposes and to make the company more attractive to new investors. Still, the byproduct of the restructured offering was to preclude G.G.C.P.'s shareholders from being able to sell their shares.While Mr. Mancheski and Mr. Perlmutter received nothing directly from the offering -- except for the theoretical increase in the value of the company -- Mr. Gabelli paid himself a $50 million bonus in cash. At the time of the offering, Goldman Sachs, which was underwriting it, refused to work on the project unless Mr. Gabelli lowered the formula for his compensation. The formula had called for Mr. Gabelli to be paid 20 percent of pretax profits. To placate Goldman, he dropped his demand to only 10 percent of pretax profits and took the $50 million one-time payment.IN 2003, Mr. Gabelli went to Mr. Mancheski's house for breakfast. Mr. Mancheski said he told Mr. Gabelli that he wanted to sell his shares and transfer others to his children and grandchildren as part of his estate planning. According to Mr. Mancheski, Mr. Gabelli had a surprise for him: he told him that he couldn't. Mr. Gabelli said Mr. Mancheski's shares were restricted and could not be sold or transferred without the approval of the board -- and being that he controlled the board, he was not approving their sale to anyone but the company.Mr. Mancheski was given two choices: he could sell his shares back to Mr. Gabelli, using a predetermined "book value" formula that Mr. Mancheski says would leave him with only about a third of the more than $100 million that he says his stake is worth, based on the share price of Gamco. Or he could hold on to them until he dies, at which time they are required to be sold back to Mr. Gabelli at the same price anyway. Neither choice is that appealing."Mario's a stubborn guy," Mr. Mancheski said. Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times




























Frederick J Mancheski, 71  - Kenner, LA | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 FM


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Frederick Mancheski
 Kenner, LA
 Age: 71 -
								03/00/1946








AKA:
                                                Fred Mancheskii, Fred Mancheski, Fredrick J Mancheski, Fred J Mancheski, Frederick J Mancheski













Work Info








                                    Single






Has Kids







                                    Republican Party









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Frederick










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











25*** **** Dr


Kenner, LA 70065







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Kenner
, LA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Kenner
, LA.
         is related to
                Anne Mancheski.
        















About & Contact Information


Frederick's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Kenner
, LA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Kenner
, LA.
         is related to
                Anne Mancheski.
        
Views & Opinions

Second Amendment Supporter






Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
25*** **** Dr
Kenner, LA
View Address


Past Address
2*** **** Dr




Kenner
, LA
View Address


Past Address
90*** **** 108




Kenner
, LA
View Address


Past Address
90*** **** Ave




Kenner
, LA
View Address







    Frederick may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Frederick's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Frederick may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Frederick may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Frederick may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Frederick may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Frederick may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Frederick's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Frederick may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Frederick may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Frederick's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Frederick Mancheski's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Frederick










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Frederick may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Frederick. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Frederick may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Frederick may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Frederick may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Frederick may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 AM

Anne Mancheski

                                            New Orleans, LA



 JM

Jeremy Mancheski

                                            Metairie, LA




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Frederick may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies










Find Another Frederick Mancheski






fm


Frederick Mancheski, 63 
Branford, CT



fm


Frederick Mancheski, 91 
North Haven, CT



fm


Frederick Mancheski, 91 
Captiva, FL




                                View More
                            














A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Frederick build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Frederick Mancheski
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Frederick's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Frederick have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Frederick
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Frederick

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Frederick

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Frederick?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Frederick Mancheski?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Frederick 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Frederick .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Frederick Mancheski
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Frederick Mancheski's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Frederick's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Frederick Mancheski











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












�
Send a message to  Frederick



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Frederick Mancheski











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Sun Jul 23 16:38:07 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 







   Frederick Mancheski | Gamco Investors Inc. | ZoomInfo.com



Mancheski Frederick J  - Current Holdings - Fintel.io

































Mancheski Frederick J 







Current Holdings (from 13F, 13D)


InvestorMancheski Frederick J 
Current Positions0


Mancheski Frederick J  has disclosed 0 total holdings in their latest SEC filings.
        
        
            
                This investor has not filed a 13F, which indicates it has under $100M in Assets Under Management (AUM).
            
        
        
            This investor has filed 2 activist 13D filings recently, which suggests it
            takes an active role in influencing management.

        
        
        
        
            Mancheski Frederick J 's top industries are
            
                "Security And Commodity Brokers, Dealers, Exchanges, And Services" (sic 62)
                
                
            .
        
    

Overview
SEC Filings
13D/13G
Predictive Value









All Mancheski Frederick J  holdings are listed in the following table.
                This data is sourced from 13D/13G, and 13F filings. Green rows indicate new positions. Red rows indicate closed positions.



Add This Fundto your dashboard



This is a list of 13D and 13G filings made since the last quarterly 13F report (if any).



File DateFormSecurity

PrevShares
CurrentShares
Change(Percent)
Prev Value(x$1000)
Current Value(x$1000)
Change(Percent)




2017‑01‑11
SC 13D/A
AC.WD / Associated Capital Group, Inc.

*

0






2016‑11‑30
SC 13D/A
GBL$ / Gamco Investors, Inc.

*


















Fintel IR - Find the Right Investors for Your Company, Instantly!
        Fintel IR combines the comprehensive Fintel ownership database with machine learning to
        provide advanced tools to make investor outreach fast and easy.
        Learn more now!

















Become a power user!

 Join our private investing channel!
Request Membership





























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




