


Mangrove Partners :: Mangrove :: Welcome






















Home
About UsOverviewStrategy
Team
Contact
Information
Investor Letters
Mangrove Information
Fund Information







Mangrove Partners is a value-oriented investment manager. Our investment objective is to organically compound net worth while minimizing the chances of a permanent loss of capital.






The Mangrove Name
Mangroves are a shrub and tree species that are remarkably tough. Most live on muddy soil, but some also grow on sand, peat, and coral rock. They live in water up to 100 times saltier than most other plants can tolerate. Growing where land and water meet, mangroves bear the brunt of ocean-borne storms and hurricanes. Similarly, Mangrove Partners seeks to be resilient in its hostile environment, the financial markets.
 
Login











Forgot Password? | Request Access













					© 2017 Mangrove Partners. All rights reserved.   Legal Information   Privacy Policy









Mangrove Partners :: Mangrove :: Team






















Home
About UsOverviewStrategy
Team
Contact
Information
Investor Letters
Mangrove Information
Fund Information









Team
Nathaniel August
Jeffrey Kalicka
Philip Lee
Brian Steck
Ward Dietrich
 

Team


Nathaniel AugustPresident and Portfolio Manager
Nathaniel August is the founder and President of Mangrove Partners. Prior to founding Mangrove, Mr. August was a Director at White Eagle Partners, a Senior Analyst at Brahman Capital Partners, an Investment Analyst at K Capital Partners, and an Analyst at Goldman Sachs in the Principal Investment Area. Mr. August received his bachelor’s degree from Brown University.


Jeffrey KalickaPartner, Senior Analyst
Mr. Kalicka joined the Investment Manager at its founding in 2010. Prior to joining the Investment Manager, Mr. Kalicka spent four years with Highmount Capital LLC (“Highmount”), a private wealth management firm, where he directed the investment research process for all in-house managed equity accounts and was a member of the asset allocation team. Prior to Highmount, Mr. Kalicka was an Investment Analyst with Aria Partners GP LLC (“Aria”), the general partner of a long/short equity hedge fund. While at Aria, Mr. Kalicka helped launch Aria Select Consumer Fund LP. Mr. Kalicka received a Bachelors of Arts in Economics from American University.


Philip LeePartner, Senior Analyst
Mr. Lee joined the Investment Manager in June 2011. Prior to joining the Investment Manager, Mr. Lee was a Senior Analyst at Brightpoint Capital Partners (“Brightpoint”), the management company of a long/short hedge fund of H.I.G. Capital LLC (“H.I.G.”), a global private investment firm. While at Brightpoint, Mr. Lee worked directly with the co-founder and Manager Partner of H.I.G. to identify investment opportunities in the equities market. From 2009 to 2010, Mr. Lee was an Investment Analyst at Overland Park Capital LLC, the management company to a dedicated consumer fund inside Millennium Management LLC (“Millennium”). Mr. Lee joined Millennium after working with Nathaniel August on the European investing team at Brahman from 2005 to 2008. Prior to Brahman, Mr. Lee was an Investment Associate at Citadel Investment Group from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Lee received a Bachelor of Sciences in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania/The Wharton School, Summa Cum Laude, and was a member of the Joseph Wharton Scholars Program.


Brian SteckPartner, Senior Analyst
Mr. Steck joined the Investment Manager in June 2011. Through early 2011, Mr. Steck managed The Laurel Capital Group, LLC, the general partner of a hedge fund he founded in 2009. From 2006 until 2008, Mr. Steck was Head of US Equities at Tisbury Capital where he built and managed a team focused on event- and fundamentally-driven investment opportunities. From 2000 until 2005, Mr. Steck was a partner at K Capital where he focused on European and U.S. opportunities that included special situations, merger arbitrage, deep value and shareholder activism. While at K Capital, Mr. Steck hired and worked closely with Mr. August on many investment opportunities. Prior to K Capital, Mr. Steck spent 10 years at UBS and its predecessors Swiss Bank Corporation and O’Connor & Associates, where he focused on equity derivative trading and risk management, built equity derivative and event-driven client businesses and was Global Co-Head of Equity Hedge Fund Coverage. Mr. Steck received a Bachelor’s of Science, with highest honors, from University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign.


Ward DietrichPartner, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
Mr. Dietrich joined the Investment Manager in April 2011. Prior to joining the Investment Manager, Mr. Dietrich spent 13 years with Madison Capital Management, LLC (“Madison”), an alternative investment firm that specializes in distressed, real estate and special situations investing, where he was most recently a Principal, Investment Committee Member and its Chief Financial Officer. During his tenure at Madison, Mr. Dietrich’s responsibilities included accounting, finance and tax; compliance; marketing, investor relations and communications; developing and structuring funds and separate accounts; evaluating, managing, analyzing and structuring investments; and various tax, legal and business/product development projects. Mr. Dietrich received a Masters of Business Administration from New York University, Stern School of Business, in finance and marketing, and a Bachelors of Professional Studies from Pratt Institute.









					© 2017 Mangrove Partners. All rights reserved.   Legal Information   Privacy Policy









Mangrove Partners :: Mangrove :: Welcome






















Home
About UsOverviewStrategy
Team
Contact
Information
Investor Letters
Mangrove Information
Fund Information







Mangrove Partners is a value-oriented investment manager. Our investment objective is to organically compound net worth while minimizing the chances of a permanent loss of capital.






The Mangrove Name
Mangroves are a shrub and tree species that are remarkably tough. Most live on muddy soil, but some also grow on sand, peat, and coral rock. They live in water up to 100 times saltier than most other plants can tolerate. Growing where land and water meet, mangroves bear the brunt of ocean-borne storms and hurricanes. Similarly, Mangrove Partners seeks to be resilient in its hostile environment, the financial markets.
 
Login











Forgot Password? | Request Access



Please login to view this page.









					© 2017 Mangrove Partners. All rights reserved.   Legal Information   Privacy Policy










How Mangrove Built a Successful Hedge Fund - Barron's





































































 







 



 








Asia Edition
U.S. Edition



 

Subscribe
Log In






Home

Magazine

This Week's Edition
Past Editions
New: Cartoons



Daily

All Coverage
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Up & Down Wall St. Daily
Getting Technical
Striking Price Daily
Wall Street's Best Minds
Read This, Spike That
Stocks to Watch Today
Asia Stocks to Watch
Income Investing
Tech Trader Daily
Focus on Funds
Emerging Markets
Q&A
Video Center



Investing Ideas

Overview
Barron's Picks & Pans
Mutual Funds / ETFs
Hedge Funds
Stocks Center
Commodities Center
Bonds Center
Options Center
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Stock Alert
Inside Scoop
Ahead of the Crowd
Focus on Funds
Stocks to Watch Today
Barron's Roundtable



Advisor Center

Overview
Top 100 Advisors
Top 100 Women Advisors
Top 100 Independent Advisors
Top 1,200 Advisors
Advisor Profiles



Market Data

Market Data Center
Market Lab
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
Stock Grader
Stock & Fund Tables
Barron's 400



PENTA

Penta Magazine
Penta Daily
Penta Archives



Barron's NEXT





 









 




		Fund of Information
	
How to Build a Hedge Fund
Tiny Mangrove Partners defied the odds against success with a strong performance and an understanding of what institutional investors want.


 







By

Michael Shari

 Biography




 




May 25, 2013


Launching a new hedge fund has always been difficult, and even more so since the financial crisis. More funds are closing down than starting up these days, and most of the failures are small operations with short histories, says Daniel Celeghin, a partner at Casey, Quirk and Associates, which advises asset managers. Because investors have become "more educated and more paranoid" since the 2008 crash, he notes, they gravitate toward "the perception of safety" in large hedge funds that boast long track records. Of the $15.3 billion that investors poured into hedge funds during the first three months...
	      




 


Get The Full Story

Subscribe
		  or  
		 Log In


 


 




Want to participate in the discussion?



Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access.


Powered by Livefyre

 



 








 


Most Popular


1.
General Electric: ‘Quite Materially Wrong’


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



2.
Surprise, Surprise? Dow Gains 100 Points as Fed Day Looms


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



3.
Dividend-Paying Stocks That Beat the Market


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



4.
AMD Vaults 10%: CEO Su Says Expect Another Semi-Custom Project in 2018


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



5.
Did Donald Trump Just Reveal an Apple Secret?


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



See Full List




Latest Market Videos


1




3 Cheap Growth Stocks for Any Market



2




Shopping Around for Better Savings Rates



3




Would You Get Groceries From Amazon?




 




 
































 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P. - Company Profile










































 The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P.
                        

Active













Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P. Overview
  The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P. filed as a Foreign Limited Partnership in the State of New York on Wednesday, March 3, 2010 and is approximately seven years old, according to public records filed with New York Department of State. A corporate filing is called a foreign filing when an existing corporate entity files in a state other than the state they originally filed in. This does not necessarily mean that they are from outside the United States. 




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P.
    













Corporate Filings for The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P.








New York Department of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Foreign Limited Partnership                                



                                    Status:
                                

Active




                                    State:
                                

                                    New York
                                



                                        Foreign State:
                                    

Delaware                                    



                                        County:
                                    

                                        New York
                                    



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    3918951
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Wednesday, March 3, 2010
                                    



                                        DOS Process
                                    

                                        Att Nathaniel August
                                    



                                        Source Record
                                    


                                            NY DOS
                                            










Corporate Notes









Source
Date
Type
Note








                                        3/3/2010
                                    

                                        Name History/Actual
                                    

                                        The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P.
                                    










Advertisements










Source







New York Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Wednesday, June 1, 2016
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P..
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P. and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




1
                    Corporate Records

                



                                NY

2010
Foreign Limited Partnership
                            





                Source
            





                        New York Department of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Mangrove Equity Partners































 

















































 





















The Ideal Partners for Liquidity and Growth



View Our Story



 




 










Owners & Management Teams
Mangrove enjoys a long history of partnering with owners and management teams to achieve their goals.

Learn More







Operating Partners
Three of the seven principals at Mangrove are seasoned operators themselves. We speak the same language and have the internal resources and experience to help operators purchase leading companies.

Learn More







Intermediaries
Timely response, experience in a vast range of industries, performance when faced with complexity, and a partner-like attitude in all dealings make Mangrove a valuable partner to intermediaries.

Learn More







Independent Equity Sponsors
Mangrove helps independent equity sponsors get their deals done and has the operating experience to help build shareholder value beyond what the commodity of cash can provide.

Learn More




 

About Us


Mangrove Equity Partners, LP is a Tampa, Florida-based lower middle-market private equity firm. Mangrove has 100+ years collective reputation as effective, fair, flexible, and honorable partners to company owners and managers.


From our captive equity funds, we sponsor owners and operators in management buy-outs, management buy-ins, majority recapitalizations, family succession recaps, and industry consolidations.
We have the financial resources and deal experience to efficiently close transactions. We also have substantial operating experience and a collaborative approach to build value at the companies with whom we partner. Mangrove is the ideal partner for liquidity and growth for companies in our target size range.
What makes Mangrove different is the full measure of what we bring to our portfolio partners: character, experience, ability, and the desire to help our portfolio partners prosper.


Criteria
Candidates should feature a diverse customer base, meaningful growth prospects (through either internal growth or through add-on acquisitions), and should enjoy strong and defensible market share in their regional or national marketplace. 


Learn More
 


 


 
 


Meet Our Team
The Mangrove team has completed over 135 deals in 60+ industries. What sets us apart, however, is our balance of transactional experience, operational depth, and a healthy positive culture. 


Our Team
 


 


 
 


News
Stay up to date with Mangrove Equity partner’s developments on our site’s news section, learn more about how we work with and for our clients through case studies.


Learn More
 


 


 
 
 

Portfolio

The Mangrove team has invested in 60+ industries over our respective careers, which coupled with our broad operating experience allows us to get up to speed on any industry quickly.





Porfolio

All
Manufacturing
Service
Distribution
Current
Recent Past


All
Manufacturing
Service
Distribution
Current
Recent Past




 














 













































 



 Mangrove Partners Delivers Letter To Board Of Directors Of Home Loan Servicing Solutions, Ltd. 
         










    










 






 











 









Mangrove Partners Delivers Letter To Board Of Directors Of Home Loan Servicing Solutions, Ltd. Urging Termination Of HLSS's Relationship With Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC

		  Outlines HLSS's Opportunity to Generate Significant Value for Shareholders by Forcing Servicing Transfers Away from OcwenAnnounces Intention to Nominate a Slate of Directors to the HLSS Board for Election at the Company's 2015 Annual Meeting
		

Feb 09, 2015, 10:00 ET
		  		  								
						 from   Mangrove Partners 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, Feb. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Mangrove Partners Master Fund, Ltd., a significant shareholder of Home Loan Servicing Solutions, Ltd. (Nasdaq:   HLSS), today announced it has delivered a letter to the members of HLSS's Board of Directors. 
The full text of the letter follows and has been posted to www.freeHLSS.com: 
The Board of Directors
Home Loan Servicing Solutions, Ltd.
c/o Intertrust Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited
190 Elgin Avenue
George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9005
Cayman Islands
CC:  Michael Lubin, Corporate Secretary
Dear Members of the Board:
We are writing you in response to your letter dated February 5, 2015 ("Response"). Based on the latest publicly available shareholdings list, The Mangrove Partners Master Fund, Ltd. ("Mangrove Partners") is one of the ten largest shareholders of Home Loan Servicing Solutions, Ltd. ("HLSS" or the "Company"). As we expressed in our February 2, 2015 letter, we believe it is imperative for the Company to exercise its contractual rights to terminate its relationship with Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC ("Ocwen") without delay. We believe that continuing to expose HLSS to Ocwen-related risks by leaving the Ocwen relationship intact constitutes a dereliction of your duty to the Company and a grave risk to all shareholders. Your Response was inadequate. As a result, it is our intention to nominate a slate of replacement directors for election this year because time is not the Company's friend and you as the Board are showing no signs of taking concrete action to protect shareholders in this serious situation.  
We believe that there have been multiple Termination Events under the documents governing HLSS's purchase of Rights to MSRs ("RMSRs") from Ocwen. Pursuant to each sale supplement governing HLSS's purchase of RMSRs from Ocwen, a Termination Event is defined as "the occurrence of any one or more of the following events…(e) Seller [Ocwen] fails to maintain residential primary servicer ratings for subprime loans of at least 'Average' by Standard & Poor's Rating Services…'SQ3' by Moody's Investors Service, Inc ("Moody's")…and 'RPS4+' and 'RSS4+' by Fitch Ratings." A Termination Event therefore occurred on January 29, 2015, when Moody's downgraded Ocwen's servicer quality (SQ) assessments to SQ3- from SQ3 and as a special servicer of residential mortgage loans to SQ3- from SQ3. Another Termination Event occurred on February 4, 2015, when Fitch Ratings downgraded Ocwen's residential primary servicer rating for Subprime product to "RPS4" from "RPS3." Section 6.13 of the sales supplements specifies that "(i)n the case that any Termination Event occurs with respect to any Servicing Agreement… [Ocwen] shall, upon HLSS's written direction to such effect, use commercially reasonable efforts to transfer the Servicing Rights relating to any affected Servicing Agreement to a third party servicer identified by HLSS." Importantly, Section 6.13 of the sales supplements then proceeds to state that "HLSS shall be entitled to receive all proceeds of such transfer" (emphasis added).
We believe that there are compelling reasons why HLSS should immediately begin the process of exercising its rights to direct Ocwen to transfer the servicing rights to one or more different servicers. Most importantly, servicing transfers will isolate HLSS from the risks of an ongoing relationship with Ocwen. A number of these risks were outlined in our prior letter to you. You are no doubt aware that Moody's downgraded HLSS's corporate family rating from Ba3 to B2 on October 21, 2014, citing HLSS's "reliance on Ocwen" as the primary reason for the downgrade. Additionally, we remind you that the California Department of Business Oversight threatened to suspend Ocwen's servicing license multiple times during 2014. It is our belief that HLSS's continued affiliation with Ocwen is an unacceptable risk and contrary to the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. We believe that restructuring HLSS's servicing counterparty relationships would be a significant positive development for the Company in the current operating environment and would be viewed positively by all of the Company's lending relationships. Transferring servicing would give HLSS the opportunity to engage with servicers that have greater servicing stability, better management oversight, stronger relationships with regulators, and higher ratings.
In addition to shielding HLSS shareholders from Ocwen-related risks, we believe that a transfer of the servicing rights will create significant value for HLSS and its shareholders. While our valuation work shows a range of potential values, we believe that a reasonable estimate of the value created by transferring the servicing rights would be between $8 and $13 per share of incremental value to HLSS.  Based on the Company's book value on September 30, 2014, this represents an increase in book value of between 44% and 72%. In addition, we believe the Company's stock is currently trading at a discounted multiple due to the Company's close ties to Ocwen. Once the Company ends its association with Ocwen, we see no reason why the Company would not return to trading at its historic multiple of between 120% and 130% of book value. In a reasonable scenario, this would give shareholders a value of between $31 and $40 per share. We have included our analysis of the value available to HLSS with a servicing transfer in the appendix to this letter.
Although you may be concerned that HLSS's exercise of its rights to force servicing transfers could create further instability at Ocwen, Mangrove Partners believes that Ocwen's cash flows would only be affected after the servicing transfers are completed. Likewise, while the servicing transfers away from Ocwen would likely cause Ocwen to turn loss-making and give rise to multiple covenant breaches in Ocwen's credit facility pursuant to section 6.07(a) and 6.07(b) of the Ocwen Senior Secured Term Loan Facility Agreement dated February 15, 2013, these breaches would occur only after substantially all servicing transfers requested by HLSS had been completed. As such, any ensuing Ocwen default would be irrelevant to HLSS and the Company's remaining exposure to Ocwen would be de minimis. 
We urge you to fulfill your fiduciary duty to act in the best interest of the Company by causing the Company to exercise its contractual rights to force a transfer of the servicing rights. In doing so, the Board can and should insulate HLSS from further Ocwen risk and create substantial value for the Company and its shareholders. Your Response's vague reassurances and legal boilerplate did nothing to ease Mangrove Partners' increasing and justified concerns about the direction of the Company. To be clear, we are not looking for you to make selective disclosure to us—we are looking for you to take prudent action to protect the Company and shareholder interests. Accordingly, until such time as the Company announces it has entered into definitive agreements to transfer the servicing rights away from Ocwen pursuant to competitive processes conducted by top-tier advisors, it is our intention to bring new leadership to the Board by nominating a highly qualified slate of directors this week.
Sincerely,
Nathaniel August
President and Portfolio Manager
Mangrove Partners
VALUATION APPENDIX
1. Ocwen profits as servicer on MSRs for which HLSS funds advances. 
Ocwen acts as servicer for all of the RMSRs that HLSS owns. We believe that Ocwen earns significant profits from this relationship. Our analysis of the value accruing to Ocwen as servicer for HLSS RMSRs is below and assumes that Ocwen's profitability on agency and non-agency MSR are equal as a percentage of UPB serviced. We note that Ocwen management has indicated that agency servicing is significantly less profitable than non-agency servicing and that Ocwen intends to exit its agency servicing business.











3 months 


9 months 



($ in millions)






09/30/14


09/30/14



Total servicing segment revenue




$485


$1,527



Total segment operating expenses (ex. interest)


(314)


(920)



Servicing segment income from operations


$171


$607



Add:  MSR fair value adjustment




9


51



Add:  Transaction and transition expenses




8


40



Add:  Segment legal & regulatory charges




20


22



Less:  Mangrove Partners est. overhead allocation


(10)


(30)



Normalized servicing income from operations


$198


$689
















Less:  Servicing fees remitted to HLSS




($94)


($287)



Less:  Other match funded liability interest


(15)


(47)



OCN servicing earnings after advance financing costs


$90


$355



OCN annualized servicing earnings ("EBIT")


359


473
















OCN total MSR UPB at quarter end




$411,280


$411,280



HLSS RMSR UPB at quarter end




165,524


165,524



HLSS UPB as % OCN UPB






40.2%


40.2%
















OCN annualized EBIT attributable to HLSS UPB


$145


$190



Valuation multiple






4.00x


4.00x



Value of OCN EBIT from HLSS UPB




$578


$762



% of HLSS UPB serviced by OCN




0.349%


0.460%
















HLSS shares outstanding (in millions)




71


71



Value of OCN servicing per HLSS share




$8.14


$10.73

In a servicing transfer, we believe that the earnings Ocwen currently generates from the MSRs that HLSS has the right to transfer would be worth over $8 in incremental value per HLSS share.  We have benchmarked our valuation against what HLSS has indicated it believes Ocwen earns on this relationship. On June 11, 2013, HLSS indicated in a lender presentation that Ocwen earns a contribution profit of 36 bps of UPB as servicer on HLSS RMSRs. As shown below, this suggests that our valuation of Ocwen's servicing relationship with HLSS is less than 1x its contribution profit to Ocwen in our low case. We believe this reflects the conservatism embedded in our valuation.



($ in millions)











Ocwen subservicing fee % of UPB






0.230%



Add:  Ancillary fees % UPB








0.180%



Less:  Incremental expenses % UPB






(0.050%)



Contribution of Ocwen subservicing % UPB




0.360%
















September 30, 2014 HLSS RMSR UPB






$165,524



Implied contribution margin to Ocwen






596














2. Clean up call rights. 
On a December 22, 2014 conference call, Ocwen stated that it owns call rights: "(A)s the servicer of almost $200 billion of UPB of private label mortgages…we estimate that we will execute approximately $5 billion of calls over the next two years and they could be worth two to three points of profit to [Ocwen]." Since these clean up call rights belong to the servicer of the private label mortgages, their value should accrue to HLSS as part of the price it receives in a transfer of the MSRs.



($ millions) 








Amount 



Ocwen non-agency servicing UPB at 9/30




$171,998



HLSS RMSR UPB at 9/30






165,524



HLSS UPB % OCN UPB






96.2%














Ocwen serviced in-the-money clean up call UPB


$5,000



% that HLSS is entitled to






96.2%



UPB that HLSS is entitled to






$4,812














HLSS clean up call profit - Low %




2.0%



HLSS clean up call profit - Low $




$96



Value of clean-up call rights per HLSS share – Low


$1.36














HLSS clean up call profit - High %




3.0%



HLSS clean up call profit - High $




$144



Value of clean-up call rights per HLSS share – High


$2.03

Based on the guidance given by Ocwen's management, it is Mangrove Partners' opinion that the clean up call rights to which HLSS is entitled could be worth at least $1-2 per share, taking into consideration only those clean up call rights that were in-the-money as of December 2014.
3. Altisource Portfolio Solutions, S.A. ("ASPS") profits from Ocwen's non-agency portfolio. 
In January 2015, ASPS provided estimates of potential Technology and Mortgage Services pre-tax income it expects to generate from Ocwen's existing non-GSE portfolio. We believe that substantially all of this pre-tax income is generated from Ocwen's non-agency portfolio. HLSS owns the RMSRs to over 96% of Ocwen's non-agency servicing portfolio. A third party servicer to which HLSS transfers servicing could derive significant value from performing the services that ASPS is currently performing, and we believe that HLSS could be compensated for this in the sale price of the servicing rights. Our estimate of the value another servicer could realize from the cash flows that ASPS forecast in its recent presentation is presented below.



($ in millions)




2015


2016


2017


2018


2019



Segment pre-tax income ("PTI")


$205


$174


$152


$131


$113



Less:  Mangrove Partners est. G&A


(35)


(35)


(35)


(35)


(35)



Adjusted PTI




$170


$139


$117


$96


$78




















HLSS UPB % OCN non-GSE UPB


96.2%


96.2%


96.2%


96.2%


96.2%



ASPS PTI attributable to HLSS


$164


$134


$113


$92


$75



Less:  Taxes


35.0%


(57)


(47)


(39)


(32)


(26)



Net income - Approximates FCF


$106


$87


$73


$60


$49



Terminal value (4x 2019 Net income)








195



Cash flows for discounting


$106


$87


$73


$60


$244




















Discount rate


15.0%













Discounted cash flows




$99


$71


$52


$37


$130



Cumulative discounted cash flows










$388



HLSS shares outstanding at 9/30/14 (in millions)






71



Value per HLSS share












$5.47

Based on ASPS's projections, the cash flows that a buyer of the MSRs could realize may be worth over $5 per HLSS share. Although this value would likely be divided between HLSS and the MSR purchaser, it may also be conservative because it excludes earnings related to mortgage charge-off collection services that would likely be valuable to another servicer.
4. Transaction comparable. 
In January 2014, Ocwen agreed to acquire a primarily private label mortgage servicing portfolio from Wells Fargo with total principal balance of $39 billion (the "Wells Fargo Portfolio"). The agreed-upon purchase price was $2.7 billion, including $280 million for the MSR, $115 million for deferred servicing fees, and $2.3 billion for outstanding servicing advances. Although this transaction was not consummated, it serves as a point of reference for the value HLSS could receive in a sale to a third party.



Wells Fargo transaction valuation



($ millions) 






Amount 



Total UPB to be acquired




$39,000












MSR purchase price




$280



% of UPB to be acquired (deal multiple)


0.718%












Advance for deferred servicing fees


$115



% of UPB to be acquired




0.295%












Outstanding servicing advances


$2,300



% of UPB to be acquired




5.897%





















HLSS potential MSR valuation





($ millions) 






Amount 



HLSS RMSR UPB at 9/30/2014


$165,524



x Wells Fargo deal multiple




0.718%



Implied fair value of MSR assets


$1,188












Less:  HLSS RMSR carrying value


(619)



Potential gain to HLSS




$569












÷ HLSS shares outstanding at 9/30/14


71



Value per HLSS share




$8.02

We note that this analysis does not take into account the cost of capital associated with deferred servicing fees that Ocwen agreed to pay up front, nor the difference in servicing advance requirements between the Wells Fargo Portfolio and the RMSRs that HLSS currently owns. Servicing advances as a percentage of HLSS's RMSR UPB stood at 3.685% at September 30, 2014, compared to servicing advances as a percentage of UPB in the Wells Fargo Portfolio of 5.897%. Also, the HLSS portfolio is entirely private label, whereas over 8% of the UPB associated with the Wells Fargo Portfolio was Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac servicing. This suggests that based on a comparable transaction analysis, HLSS's exercise of its right to transfer servicing away from Ocwen could result in a gain to HLSS shareholders well in excess of $8 per share. This gain would represent an increase of approximately 45% to HLSS's September 30, 2014 book value per share.
5. HLSS's RMSRs are valued on its balance sheet using assumptions that are more conservative than realized performance. 
A servicing transfer that results in the sale of MSRs that HLSS finances is likely to result in a significant gain to HLSS.















Actual 


Actual 











Wtd. 


3 months 


9 months 



Valuation input


Low 


High 


Average 


09/30/14


09/30/14



Prepayment speeds


12%


28%


18%


10%


10%



Delinquency rates


15%


35%


25%


19%* 


19%* 



 * represents non-performing loans and real estate as a % of total residential assets serviced at 9/30/14

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE PARTICIPANTS
The Mangrove Partners Master Fund, Ltd. ("Mangrove"), together with the other participants named herein, intends to make a preliminary filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") of a proxy statement and accompanying proxy card to be used to solicit votes for the election of a slate of director nominees at the 2015 annual meeting of shareholders of Home Loan Servicing Solutions, Ltd. (the "Company").
MANGROVE STRONGLY ADVISES ALL SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER PROXY MATERIALS AS THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION.  SUCH PROXY MATERIALS WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO CHARGE ON THE SEC'S WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV.  IN ADDITION, THE PARTICIPANTS IN THIS PROXY SOLICITATION WILL PROVIDE COPIES OF THE PROXY STATEMENT WITHOUT CHARGE UPON REQUEST.  
The participants in the proxy solicitation are anticipated to be Mangrove, The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P. ("Mangrove LP"), Mangrove Partners Fund (Cayman), Ltd. ("Mangrove Fund Cayman"), Mangrove Partners, Mangrove Capital and Nathaniel August (collectively, the "Participants").
As of the date hereof, Mangrove owned 1,655,719 shares of the Company's Common Stock. As the two controlling shareholders of Mangrove, each of Mangrove LP and Mangrove Fund Cayman may be deemed the beneficial owner of the shares of Common Stock of the Company owned by Mangrove. Mangrove Partners is the investment manager of each of Mangrove, Mangrove LP and Mangrove Fund Cayman. Mangrove Capital is the general partner of Mangrove LP. Mr. August is the Director of each of Mangrove Partners and Mangrove Capital. By virtue of these relationships, each of Mangrove Partners, Mangrove Capital and Mr. August may be deemed to beneficially own the shares of Common Stock of the Company owned by Mangrove.
About Mangrove Partners
Mangrove Partners is a value-oriented investment manager. Its investment objective is to organically compound net worth while minimizing the chances of a permanent loss of capital. Its goal is to generate positive returns from both long and short investments as opposed to employing a relative value or market hedging strategy.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
The information herein contains "forward-looking statements." Specific forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and include, without limitation, words such as "may," "will," "expects," "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "estimates," "projects," "targets," "forecasts," "seeks," "could," "should" or the negative of such terms or other variations on such terms or comparable terminology. Similarly, statements that describe our objectives, plans or goals are forward-looking. Our forward-looking statements are based on our current intent, belief, expectations, estimates and projections regarding the Company and projections regarding the industry in which it operates. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that are difficult to predict and that could cause actual results to differ materially. Accordingly, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results and actual results may vary materially from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements.
www.mangrovepartners.com
 
 SOURCE  Mangrove Partners  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.mangrovepartners.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Mar 15, 2016, 09:25 ET
Preview: Mangrove Announces Intention to Commence Tender Offer for up to 3,000,000 Shares of Common Stock of Asta Funding, Inc.













Mar 22, 2011, 08:30 ET
Preview: Mangrove Partners Notes CPEX Stock Trading Above Offer Price






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 9:32 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview



645 Madison Avenue14th FloorNew York, NY 10022United States



Phone: 212-897-9535

Fax: 212-897-9534








Key Executives for The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P.


The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Buyback

			      January 9, 2017
			    
Asta Funding, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Mangrove Partners :: Mangrove :: Privacy Policy






















Home
About UsOverviewStrategy
Team
Contact
Information
Investor Letters
Mangrove Information
Fund Information









 
Privacy Policy
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PRIVACY AND CERTAIN INFORMATION SHARING
This Privacy Policy explains the manner in which Mangrove Partners (the “Investment Manager”) and Mangrove Capital (the “General Partner” and, collectively with the Investment Manager, the “Company Entities” and sometimes referred to as “we” or “us”) collect, utilize and maintain nonpublic personal information about investors in The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P. (the “U.S. Fund”), The Mangrove Partners Fund (Cayman), Ltd. (the “Cayman Fund”) and The Mangrove Partners Master Fund, Ltd. (the “Master Fund” and, together with the U.S. Fund and the Cayman Fund, each singly a “Fund Entity” a collectively, the “Fund Entities”), as required under U.S. Federal legislation. There may be additional rights under other laws that apply to you. 
	The Company Entities recognize the importance of protecting your personal and financial information when you visit our website located at www.MangrovePartners.com (“Website”) or when you submit information to any of the Company Entities in connection with your investments in any of the Fund Entities. The following information is provided to help you understand the information collection practices at the Website and by the Company Entities and the Fund Entities through other means, such as your submission of subscription documentation to the Company Entities. By visiting the Website, submitting subscription documentation or transacting other business with the Company Entities, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy as it may be modified. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website and notify the Company Entities immediately by calling 212 897-9535 or by email to info@MangrovePartners.com.
	Changes to this Privacy Policy
	The Company Entities reserve the right to change, modify, add, remove or revoke this Privacy Policy at any time, in whole or in part, for any reason. Such change shall be effective immediately upon posting on the Website. We suggest that you review the Privacy Policy on the Website periodically for changes. The current version of this Privacy Policy can be accessed from the link on our homepage (www.MangrovePartners.com), or at the bottom of our other Website pages. You also acknowledge that the obligation of the Company Entities and the Fund Entities to deliver this Privacy Policy at least annually shall be deemed satisfied by the posting of this Privacy Policy on the Website.
Collection and Use of Investor Information
	The Company Entities, the Fund Entities and SS&C Technologies, Inc., an unaffiliated entity that serves as administrator to the Fund Entities (the “Administrator”), collect personal information about Fund Entity investors through the following sources:

Subscription forms, investor questionnaires and other information provided by the investor in writing, in person, by telephone, electronically or by any other means.  This information includes name, address, email address, US social security number, nationality, employment information, and financial and investment qualifications such as assets and income;
Investors’ transactions with the Company Entities, the Fund Entities and the Administrator, including account balances, investments and redemptions;
The Website; and
Online searches conducted by the Administrator to fulfill our anti-money laundering and “know-your-customer” obligations.

The personally identifiable information you submit to the Company Entities is used only to determine whether you will be admitted as a Fund Entity investor, to determine whether a Fund Entity will accept a further investment from an existing Fund Entity investor, to service your account and/or to provide you with information on the Company Entities and the Fund Entities. We will not sell, share or rent your personally identifiable information to others in contravention of this Privacy Policy. Please contact us by email or telephone as specified below to update your account information whenever such information ceases to be complete or accurate.
Additionally, if you access parts of the Website that are password protected, then (a) once you submit your password and enter, the Website will recognize who you are and collect all information that you submit, including all electronic information (including all transaction information), and (b) any information collected about you from the Website may be associated with other identifying information that we have about you.
We generally record certain usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to our Website. This information may include the websites that you access immediately before and after your visit to our Website, the Internet browser you are using and your Internet Protocol (IP) address. If we use such data at all it will be on an aggregate basis, and we will not disclose to third parties any information that could be used to identify you personally.
Cookies: Cookies are small text files that are stored in your computer's memory and hard drive when you visit certain web pages. They are used to enable websites to function or to provide information to the owners of a website. Cookies help us to provide customized services and information. We use or may in the future use cookies on the Website for the following purposes:

Analytical purposes: Analytical cookies allow us to recognize, measure and track visitors to the Website. This helps us to improve and develop the way the Website works, for example, by determining whether site visitors can find information easily, or by identifying the aspects of the site that are of the most interest to them.
Usage preferences: Some of the cookies on the Website are activated when visitors to our sites make a choice about their usage of the site. Our Website then ‘remembers' the settings preferences of the user concerned. This allows us to tailor aspects of the site to the individual user.
Terms and conditions: We use or may in the future use cookies on the Website to record when a site visitor has seen a policy, such as this one, or provided consent, such as consent to the terms and conditions on our Website. This helps to improve the user's experience of the site – for example, it avoids a user from repeatedly being asked to consent to the same terms.
Session management: The software that runs the Website uses cookies for technical purposes needed by the internal workings of our servers. For instance, we use or may in the future use cookies to distribute requests among multiple servers, authenticate users and determine what features of the site they can access, verify the origin of requests, keep track of information about a user's session and determine which options or pages to display in order for the site to function.

To make full use of the Website, your computer or mobile device will need to accept cookies, as the site will not function properly without them. In addition, cookies are required in order to provide you with personalized features on the Website.
Local Flash Storage: We may include content on the Website designed for display using Adobe Flash Player, such as animations, videos and tools. Local flash storage (often referred to as "Flash cookies") can be used to help improve your experience as a user. Flash storage is retained on your device in much the same way as standard cookies, but is managed directly by your Flash software.
If you wish to disable or delete information stored locally in Flash, please see the documentation for your Flash software, located at www.adobe.com.  Please note that, if you disable Flash cookies, some site functionality may not work.
Third party cookies: When you visit the Website, you may receive cookies that are set by third parties.  These may include cookies set by Google, Unica, Forsee, Wall Street on Demand, Morningstar, Media Mind and/or Flurry.  These cookies are used for the purposes described in the bullet points above.  We do not control the setting of these third party cookies, so we suggest you might wish to check the third party websites for more information about their use of cookies and how to manage them.
Amending cookie preferences: You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, notify you when a cookie is set, or delete cookies that have already been set. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on our Website. In addition, a number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously.
The site www.allaboutcookies.org includes instructions for managing cookies on many commonly used browsers, or you may consult the vendor documentation for your specific software.
Privacy Preferences: The Website may contain information, including P3P privacy policies ("Privacy Preference Information"), intended to work with your selected privacy preferences. While we have tried to make such Privacy Preference Information included within the Website conform to this full-text of this Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy is the definitive statement of the privacy policies and practices for the Website.
Service Providers: We may use internal or external service providers to operate our Website and employ other persons to perform work on our behalf, such as sending postal mail and e-mail. These persons may have access to the personally identifiable information you submit through the Website, but only for the purpose of performing their duties. These personnel are not permitted to use your personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
Except as described above, the Company Entities, the Fund Entities and the Administrator do not obtain nonpublic personal information about Fund Entity investors from any other source.
Disclosure of Nonpublic Personal Information
	The Company Entities, the Fund Entities and the Administrator do not disclose nonpublic personal information about Fund Entity investors to nonaffiliated third parties or to affiliated entities, except as permitted by U.S. law or the consent of Fund Entity investors.  For example, the Company Entities, the Fund Entities and the Administrator may share nonpublic personal information in the following situations:

To respond to a subpoena or court order, judicial process or regulatory authorities;
To protect against fraud, unauthorized transactions (such as money laundering), claims or other liabilities;
To service providers in connection with the administration and servicing of the Fund Entities and the Company Entities, which may include attorneys, accountants, auditors, or other professionals;
To service or process Fund Entity transactions; and
Upon consent of a Fund Entity investor to release such information, including authorization to disclose such information to persons acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity on behalf of the Fund Entity investor.

Each Fund Entity investor has the right to opt out of the disclosure of its nonpublic personal information to persons who are not affiliated with the Company Entities. If you wish to do so, please contact us immediately by calling 212 897-9535 or by email to info@mangrovepartners.com. We will honor your opt out election until you revoke it.
Protection of Investor Information
	The Company Entities and the Fund Entities maintain safeguards that comply with U.S. Federal standards to protect investor information.  The Company Entities and the Fund Entities restrict access to the personal and account information of Fund Entity investors to those persons who need to know such information in the course of their job responsibilities.  Third parties with which the Company Entities or the Fund Entities share investor information must agree to follow appropriate standards of security and confidentiality.
E-mail and Marketing
	The Company Entities and the Fund Entities do not sell investor e-mail addresses, and do not provide your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes. The Company Entities and the Fund Entities will not send you e-mail messages without first receiving your permission, unless it relates to servicing your account or unless you have consented to receiving electronic delivery of fund documents. We recommend that you do not send us any individual personal information via nonsecure methods of correspondence, including via public electronic communication channels, such as Internet e-mail, which are generally not secure.
Business Transfers
	If all or some of the business, stock or assets of the Company Entities are acquired or merged with another business entity, we will share all or some of your information with this entity to continue to provide service to you. You will receive notice of such an event and the new entity will inform you of any changes to the practices in this Privacy Policy. If the new entity wishes to make additional use of your information, you may decline such use at such time.
Children's Privacy
	Although the Website is not targeted toward children, we are concerned about the safety and privacy of children who use the Internet. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information without verifiable parental consent, we will use our best efforts to remove such information from our files. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information without verifiable parental consent, he or she should contact us immediately.
Third Party Websites
	The Company Entities may establish links between the Website and one or more websites operated by third parties. The Company Entities have no control over any such other websites, the contents therein or the products/services offered. Your access to and use of such linked websites is governed by the terms of use and privacy policies of those sites, and shall be at your own risk. The Company Entities and the Fund Entities disclaim responsibility for the privacy policies and customer information practices of third-party internet websites hyperlinked from our Website.
Security
	No data transmission over the internet can be 100% secure, so the Company Entities cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you submit to us on the Website.
Contact Us
	If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy related practices, or if you would like a copy of the Company Entities' Regulation S-P privacy policy, please contact us.






					© 2017 Mangrove Partners. All rights reserved.   Legal Information   Privacy Policy






