


Mangrove Partners :: Mangrove :: Team






















Home
About UsOverviewStrategy
Team
Contact
Information
Investor Letters
Mangrove Information
Fund Information









Team
Nathaniel August
Jeffrey Kalicka
Philip Lee
Brian Steck
Ward Dietrich
 

Team


Nathaniel AugustPresident and Portfolio Manager
Nathaniel August is the founder and President of Mangrove Partners. Prior to founding Mangrove, Mr. August was a Director at White Eagle Partners, a Senior Analyst at Brahman Capital Partners, an Investment Analyst at K Capital Partners, and an Analyst at Goldman Sachs in the Principal Investment Area. Mr. August received his bachelor’s degree from Brown University.


Jeffrey KalickaPartner, Senior Analyst
Mr. Kalicka joined the Investment Manager at its founding in 2010. Prior to joining the Investment Manager, Mr. Kalicka spent four years with Highmount Capital LLC (“Highmount”), a private wealth management firm, where he directed the investment research process for all in-house managed equity accounts and was a member of the asset allocation team. Prior to Highmount, Mr. Kalicka was an Investment Analyst with Aria Partners GP LLC (“Aria”), the general partner of a long/short equity hedge fund. While at Aria, Mr. Kalicka helped launch Aria Select Consumer Fund LP. Mr. Kalicka received a Bachelors of Arts in Economics from American University.


Philip LeePartner, Senior Analyst
Mr. Lee joined the Investment Manager in June 2011. Prior to joining the Investment Manager, Mr. Lee was a Senior Analyst at Brightpoint Capital Partners (“Brightpoint”), the management company of a long/short hedge fund of H.I.G. Capital LLC (“H.I.G.”), a global private investment firm. While at Brightpoint, Mr. Lee worked directly with the co-founder and Manager Partner of H.I.G. to identify investment opportunities in the equities market. From 2009 to 2010, Mr. Lee was an Investment Analyst at Overland Park Capital LLC, the management company to a dedicated consumer fund inside Millennium Management LLC (“Millennium”). Mr. Lee joined Millennium after working with Nathaniel August on the European investing team at Brahman from 2005 to 2008. Prior to Brahman, Mr. Lee was an Investment Associate at Citadel Investment Group from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Lee received a Bachelor of Sciences in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania/The Wharton School, Summa Cum Laude, and was a member of the Joseph Wharton Scholars Program.


Brian SteckPartner, Senior Analyst
Mr. Steck joined the Investment Manager in June 2011. Through early 2011, Mr. Steck managed The Laurel Capital Group, LLC, the general partner of a hedge fund he founded in 2009. From 2006 until 2008, Mr. Steck was Head of US Equities at Tisbury Capital where he built and managed a team focused on event- and fundamentally-driven investment opportunities. From 2000 until 2005, Mr. Steck was a partner at K Capital where he focused on European and U.S. opportunities that included special situations, merger arbitrage, deep value and shareholder activism. While at K Capital, Mr. Steck hired and worked closely with Mr. August on many investment opportunities. Prior to K Capital, Mr. Steck spent 10 years at UBS and its predecessors Swiss Bank Corporation and O’Connor & Associates, where he focused on equity derivative trading and risk management, built equity derivative and event-driven client businesses and was Global Co-Head of Equity Hedge Fund Coverage. Mr. Steck received a Bachelor’s of Science, with highest honors, from University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign.


Ward DietrichPartner, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
Mr. Dietrich joined the Investment Manager in April 2011. Prior to joining the Investment Manager, Mr. Dietrich spent 13 years with Madison Capital Management, LLC (“Madison”), an alternative investment firm that specializes in distressed, real estate and special situations investing, where he was most recently a Principal, Investment Committee Member and its Chief Financial Officer. During his tenure at Madison, Mr. Dietrich’s responsibilities included accounting, finance and tax; compliance; marketing, investor relations and communications; developing and structuring funds and separate accounts; evaluating, managing, analyzing and structuring investments; and various tax, legal and business/product development projects. Mr. Dietrich received a Masters of Business Administration from New York University, Stern School of Business, in finance and marketing, and a Bachelors of Professional Studies from Pratt Institute.









					© 2017 Mangrove Partners. All rights reserved.   Legal Information   Privacy Policy









Mangrove Partners :: Mangrove :: Welcome






















Home
About UsOverviewStrategy
Team
Contact
Information
Investor Letters
Mangrove Information
Fund Information







Mangrove Partners is a value-oriented investment manager. Our investment objective is to organically compound net worth while minimizing the chances of a permanent loss of capital.






The Mangrove Name
Mangroves are a shrub and tree species that are remarkably tough. Most live on muddy soil, but some also grow on sand, peat, and coral rock. They live in water up to 100 times saltier than most other plants can tolerate. Growing where land and water meet, mangroves bear the brunt of ocean-borne storms and hurricanes. Similarly, Mangrove Partners seeks to be resilient in its hostile environment, the financial markets.
 
Login











Forgot Password? | Request Access













					© 2017 Mangrove Partners. All rights reserved.   Legal Information   Privacy Policy









Mangrove Partners :: Mangrove :: Team






















Home
About UsOverviewStrategy
Team
Contact
Information
Investor Letters
Mangrove Information
Fund Information









Team
Nathaniel August
Jeffrey Kalicka
Philip Lee
Brian Steck
Ward Dietrich
 

Team


Nathaniel AugustPresident and Portfolio Manager
Nathaniel August is the founder and President of Mangrove Partners. Prior to founding Mangrove, Mr. August was a Director at White Eagle Partners, a Senior Analyst at Brahman Capital Partners, an Investment Analyst at K Capital Partners, and an Analyst at Goldman Sachs in the Principal Investment Area. Mr. August received his bachelor’s degree from Brown University.


Jeffrey KalickaPartner, Senior Analyst
Mr. Kalicka joined the Investment Manager at its founding in 2010. Prior to joining the Investment Manager, Mr. Kalicka spent four years with Highmount Capital LLC (“Highmount”), a private wealth management firm, where he directed the investment research process for all in-house managed equity accounts and was a member of the asset allocation team. Prior to Highmount, Mr. Kalicka was an Investment Analyst with Aria Partners GP LLC (“Aria”), the general partner of a long/short equity hedge fund. While at Aria, Mr. Kalicka helped launch Aria Select Consumer Fund LP. Mr. Kalicka received a Bachelors of Arts in Economics from American University.


Philip LeePartner, Senior Analyst
Mr. Lee joined the Investment Manager in June 2011. Prior to joining the Investment Manager, Mr. Lee was a Senior Analyst at Brightpoint Capital Partners (“Brightpoint”), the management company of a long/short hedge fund of H.I.G. Capital LLC (“H.I.G.”), a global private investment firm. While at Brightpoint, Mr. Lee worked directly with the co-founder and Manager Partner of H.I.G. to identify investment opportunities in the equities market. From 2009 to 2010, Mr. Lee was an Investment Analyst at Overland Park Capital LLC, the management company to a dedicated consumer fund inside Millennium Management LLC (“Millennium”). Mr. Lee joined Millennium after working with Nathaniel August on the European investing team at Brahman from 2005 to 2008. Prior to Brahman, Mr. Lee was an Investment Associate at Citadel Investment Group from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Lee received a Bachelor of Sciences in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania/The Wharton School, Summa Cum Laude, and was a member of the Joseph Wharton Scholars Program.


Brian SteckPartner, Senior Analyst
Mr. Steck joined the Investment Manager in June 2011. Through early 2011, Mr. Steck managed The Laurel Capital Group, LLC, the general partner of a hedge fund he founded in 2009. From 2006 until 2008, Mr. Steck was Head of US Equities at Tisbury Capital where he built and managed a team focused on event- and fundamentally-driven investment opportunities. From 2000 until 2005, Mr. Steck was a partner at K Capital where he focused on European and U.S. opportunities that included special situations, merger arbitrage, deep value and shareholder activism. While at K Capital, Mr. Steck hired and worked closely with Mr. August on many investment opportunities. Prior to K Capital, Mr. Steck spent 10 years at UBS and its predecessors Swiss Bank Corporation and O’Connor & Associates, where he focused on equity derivative trading and risk management, built equity derivative and event-driven client businesses and was Global Co-Head of Equity Hedge Fund Coverage. Mr. Steck received a Bachelor’s of Science, with highest honors, from University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign.


Ward DietrichPartner, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
Mr. Dietrich joined the Investment Manager in April 2011. Prior to joining the Investment Manager, Mr. Dietrich spent 13 years with Madison Capital Management, LLC (“Madison”), an alternative investment firm that specializes in distressed, real estate and special situations investing, where he was most recently a Principal, Investment Committee Member and its Chief Financial Officer. During his tenure at Madison, Mr. Dietrich’s responsibilities included accounting, finance and tax; compliance; marketing, investor relations and communications; developing and structuring funds and separate accounts; evaluating, managing, analyzing and structuring investments; and various tax, legal and business/product development projects. Mr. Dietrich received a Masters of Business Administration from New York University, Stern School of Business, in finance and marketing, and a Bachelors of Professional Studies from Pratt Institute.









					© 2017 Mangrove Partners. All rights reserved.   Legal Information   Privacy Policy









Mangrove Partners :: Mangrove :: Welcome






















Home
About UsOverviewStrategy
Team
Contact
Information
Investor Letters
Mangrove Information
Fund Information







Mangrove Partners is a value-oriented investment manager. Our investment objective is to organically compound net worth while minimizing the chances of a permanent loss of capital.






The Mangrove Name
Mangroves are a shrub and tree species that are remarkably tough. Most live on muddy soil, but some also grow on sand, peat, and coral rock. They live in water up to 100 times saltier than most other plants can tolerate. Growing where land and water meet, mangroves bear the brunt of ocean-borne storms and hurricanes. Similarly, Mangrove Partners seeks to be resilient in its hostile environment, the financial markets.
 
Login











Forgot Password? | Request Access



Please login to view this page.









					© 2017 Mangrove Partners. All rights reserved.   Legal Information   Privacy Policy










Mangrove Capital Partners | Home












































News - Mangrove Equity Partners


























 







































 























Posted December 8, 2016 by Mangrove Equity Partners & filed under General Announcements.
Phillip Marks Joins the Mangrove Equity Team


Mangrove Equity Partners is pleased to announce the addition of Phillip Marks to our team.
Phillip is a graduate of the University of Florida. His passion for lower middle market companies and niche industries was spawned through his work with myriad private companies, focusing on their human capital management. 
Phillip is an inveterate sports hound, which in his early career led him to work as a sportscaster and producer.
At Mangrove, Phillip works closely with Glenn Oken in identifying appropriate investment opportunities, and advancing them through Mangrove’s new deal process.
As a reminder, Mangrove is an uncommonly experienced and active lower middle market private equity fund. Our four man internal operating team has a stellar track record of adding meaningful value to portfolio companies and helping Mangrove to be chosen by owner/operators, given their backgrounds and the value that they bring.
 (more…)





Posted October 12, 2016 by Mangrove Equity Partners & filed under Portfolio News.
Mangrove Acquires Concut in Support of Dixie Diamond


Mangrove Equity Partners is pleased to announce the acquisition of Concut, Inc. in support of Mangrove’s portfolio company, Dixie Diamond Manufacturing

Concut is a Kent, WA based designer, manufacturer, and specialty provider of diamond saw blades, core bits, and equipment. The strategic value of adding Concut to Dixie Diamond Manufacturing includes:

The investment doubled the size of Dixie
The addition of yet another strong, long-respected brand name in the industry
Establishes a strong presence in the pacific northwest, west coast, and rocky mountain regions to complement Dixie Diamond’s dominance in the eastern U.S.
Affords Dixie and Concut the ability to better serve our customers through fulfillment of orders from either our west coast or east coast facilities
Revenue synergies through product cross-selling opportunities
Provides entry into the new end market of products for the grinding and grooving of concrete 

Mangrove Equity Partners: More Than the Commodity of Cash. The Mangrove team works hard to be your go-to private equity fund in the lower middle market by leveraging our extensive experience (135 deals across 60 industries) to make decisions and get deals done. 
 (more…)





Posted September 14, 2016 by Mangrove Equity Partners & filed under General Announcements.
Mangrove to Make Non-Control Investments


Over the past 27 years, we have heard from investment banking/intermediary friends who feel a profound need in the market for a seasoned private equity partner who is willing to invest in minority positions in smaller companies while bringing the kind of meaningful operating assistance that Mangrove’s four-man internal operating team brings to our majority investing.
Accordingly, Mangrove will now invest in both majority and minority stakes in mature, profitable companies with meaningful competitive advantages and stable cashflow.
 (more…)





Posted April 4, 2016 by Mangrove Equity Partners & filed under Portfolio News.
Computer Aided Technologies in the Acquisition of MCAD Technologies



Mangrove Equity Partners is pleased to announce our recent partnership with Computer Aided Technology, LLC (“CATI”) and MCAD Technologies, Inc (“MCAD”), to create one of the nation’s largest value added resellers of SolidWorks 3D computer aided design software and Stratasys 3D printers. 
The combination of CATI and MCAD created the nation’s only SolidWorks/Stratasys VAR covering all four Continental U.S. time zones.
Highlights of Mangrove’s partnering with these companies include:

Supported CATI and our portfolio partners through the add-on acquisition of MCAD, increasing the company’s EBITDA by 60% within 6 months of our partnership. 
The add-on was non-dilutive of CATI management’s ownership, and expanded CATI’s geographic reach and customer industry diversification.
Our majority recapitalization with CATI evidenced Mangrove’s flexibility, as we supported the plans of one owner/manager to retire, while allowing other owner/managers to continue running the business with the support of Mangrove’s four-person internal operating team. 
Closed and facilitated financing despite extreme supplier concentration inherent in the industry, having built strong relations with the suppliers.

Mangrove Equity Partners: More Than the Commodity of Cash. The Mangrove team works hard to be your go-to private equity fund in the lower middle market by leveraging our extensive experience (132 deals across 59 industries) to make decisions quickly and get deals done. 
 (more…)





Posted January 27, 2016 by Mangrove Equity Partners & filed under Portfolio News.
Mangrove – 2015 A Great Year


2015: A Great Year

An NFL team narrowly missed a perfect season (congrats friends in Charlotte).
Presidential debates became the latest version of reality TV (to entertain and horrify).
Mangrove Equity Partners closed six highly attractive acquisitions in spite of a very competitive environment.

In 2015, the Mangrove team was pleased to partner with three new platform companies and their management teams while supporting existing portfolio companies through three add-on acquisitions.
These transactions reflected Mangrove’s geographic reach throughout the U.S. and Canada; we completed deals in Atlanta, Chicago, Cleveland, Detroit, Denver, and Las Vegas. In some cases, the add-ons were as large as their respective platform companies.
 (more…)







Search for:


  Recent Posts 

Phillip Marks Joins the Mangrove Equity Team


Mangrove Acquires Concut in Support of Dixie Diamond


Mangrove to Make Non-Control Investments


Computer Aided Technologies in the Acquisition of MCAD Technologies


Mangrove – 2015 A Great Year


 Categories 
General Announcements

Portfolio News










 













































 



 Mangrove Partners Delivers Letter To Board Of Directors Of Home Loan Servicing Solutions, Ltd. 
         










    










 






 











 









Mangrove Partners Delivers Letter To Board Of Directors Of Home Loan Servicing Solutions, Ltd. Urging Termination Of HLSS's Relationship With Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC

		  Outlines HLSS's Opportunity to Generate Significant Value for Shareholders by Forcing Servicing Transfers Away from OcwenAnnounces Intention to Nominate a Slate of Directors to the HLSS Board for Election at the Company's 2015 Annual Meeting
		

Feb 09, 2015, 10:00 ET
		  		  								
						 from   Mangrove Partners 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, Feb. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Mangrove Partners Master Fund, Ltd., a significant shareholder of Home Loan Servicing Solutions, Ltd. (Nasdaq:   HLSS), today announced it has delivered a letter to the members of HLSS's Board of Directors. 
The full text of the letter follows and has been posted to www.freeHLSS.com: 
The Board of Directors
Home Loan Servicing Solutions, Ltd.
c/o Intertrust Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited
190 Elgin Avenue
George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9005
Cayman Islands
CC:  Michael Lubin, Corporate Secretary
Dear Members of the Board:
We are writing you in response to your letter dated February 5, 2015 ("Response"). Based on the latest publicly available shareholdings list, The Mangrove Partners Master Fund, Ltd. ("Mangrove Partners") is one of the ten largest shareholders of Home Loan Servicing Solutions, Ltd. ("HLSS" or the "Company"). As we expressed in our February 2, 2015 letter, we believe it is imperative for the Company to exercise its contractual rights to terminate its relationship with Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC ("Ocwen") without delay. We believe that continuing to expose HLSS to Ocwen-related risks by leaving the Ocwen relationship intact constitutes a dereliction of your duty to the Company and a grave risk to all shareholders. Your Response was inadequate. As a result, it is our intention to nominate a slate of replacement directors for election this year because time is not the Company's friend and you as the Board are showing no signs of taking concrete action to protect shareholders in this serious situation.  
We believe that there have been multiple Termination Events under the documents governing HLSS's purchase of Rights to MSRs ("RMSRs") from Ocwen. Pursuant to each sale supplement governing HLSS's purchase of RMSRs from Ocwen, a Termination Event is defined as "the occurrence of any one or more of the following events…(e) Seller [Ocwen] fails to maintain residential primary servicer ratings for subprime loans of at least 'Average' by Standard & Poor's Rating Services…'SQ3' by Moody's Investors Service, Inc ("Moody's")…and 'RPS4+' and 'RSS4+' by Fitch Ratings." A Termination Event therefore occurred on January 29, 2015, when Moody's downgraded Ocwen's servicer quality (SQ) assessments to SQ3- from SQ3 and as a special servicer of residential mortgage loans to SQ3- from SQ3. Another Termination Event occurred on February 4, 2015, when Fitch Ratings downgraded Ocwen's residential primary servicer rating for Subprime product to "RPS4" from "RPS3." Section 6.13 of the sales supplements specifies that "(i)n the case that any Termination Event occurs with respect to any Servicing Agreement… [Ocwen] shall, upon HLSS's written direction to such effect, use commercially reasonable efforts to transfer the Servicing Rights relating to any affected Servicing Agreement to a third party servicer identified by HLSS." Importantly, Section 6.13 of the sales supplements then proceeds to state that "HLSS shall be entitled to receive all proceeds of such transfer" (emphasis added).
We believe that there are compelling reasons why HLSS should immediately begin the process of exercising its rights to direct Ocwen to transfer the servicing rights to one or more different servicers. Most importantly, servicing transfers will isolate HLSS from the risks of an ongoing relationship with Ocwen. A number of these risks were outlined in our prior letter to you. You are no doubt aware that Moody's downgraded HLSS's corporate family rating from Ba3 to B2 on October 21, 2014, citing HLSS's "reliance on Ocwen" as the primary reason for the downgrade. Additionally, we remind you that the California Department of Business Oversight threatened to suspend Ocwen's servicing license multiple times during 2014. It is our belief that HLSS's continued affiliation with Ocwen is an unacceptable risk and contrary to the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. We believe that restructuring HLSS's servicing counterparty relationships would be a significant positive development for the Company in the current operating environment and would be viewed positively by all of the Company's lending relationships. Transferring servicing would give HLSS the opportunity to engage with servicers that have greater servicing stability, better management oversight, stronger relationships with regulators, and higher ratings.
In addition to shielding HLSS shareholders from Ocwen-related risks, we believe that a transfer of the servicing rights will create significant value for HLSS and its shareholders. While our valuation work shows a range of potential values, we believe that a reasonable estimate of the value created by transferring the servicing rights would be between $8 and $13 per share of incremental value to HLSS.  Based on the Company's book value on September 30, 2014, this represents an increase in book value of between 44% and 72%. In addition, we believe the Company's stock is currently trading at a discounted multiple due to the Company's close ties to Ocwen. Once the Company ends its association with Ocwen, we see no reason why the Company would not return to trading at its historic multiple of between 120% and 130% of book value. In a reasonable scenario, this would give shareholders a value of between $31 and $40 per share. We have included our analysis of the value available to HLSS with a servicing transfer in the appendix to this letter.
Although you may be concerned that HLSS's exercise of its rights to force servicing transfers could create further instability at Ocwen, Mangrove Partners believes that Ocwen's cash flows would only be affected after the servicing transfers are completed. Likewise, while the servicing transfers away from Ocwen would likely cause Ocwen to turn loss-making and give rise to multiple covenant breaches in Ocwen's credit facility pursuant to section 6.07(a) and 6.07(b) of the Ocwen Senior Secured Term Loan Facility Agreement dated February 15, 2013, these breaches would occur only after substantially all servicing transfers requested by HLSS had been completed. As such, any ensuing Ocwen default would be irrelevant to HLSS and the Company's remaining exposure to Ocwen would be de minimis. 
We urge you to fulfill your fiduciary duty to act in the best interest of the Company by causing the Company to exercise its contractual rights to force a transfer of the servicing rights. In doing so, the Board can and should insulate HLSS from further Ocwen risk and create substantial value for the Company and its shareholders. Your Response's vague reassurances and legal boilerplate did nothing to ease Mangrove Partners' increasing and justified concerns about the direction of the Company. To be clear, we are not looking for you to make selective disclosure to us—we are looking for you to take prudent action to protect the Company and shareholder interests. Accordingly, until such time as the Company announces it has entered into definitive agreements to transfer the servicing rights away from Ocwen pursuant to competitive processes conducted by top-tier advisors, it is our intention to bring new leadership to the Board by nominating a highly qualified slate of directors this week.
Sincerely,
Nathaniel August
President and Portfolio Manager
Mangrove Partners
VALUATION APPENDIX
1. Ocwen profits as servicer on MSRs for which HLSS funds advances. 
Ocwen acts as servicer for all of the RMSRs that HLSS owns. We believe that Ocwen earns significant profits from this relationship. Our analysis of the value accruing to Ocwen as servicer for HLSS RMSRs is below and assumes that Ocwen's profitability on agency and non-agency MSR are equal as a percentage of UPB serviced. We note that Ocwen management has indicated that agency servicing is significantly less profitable than non-agency servicing and that Ocwen intends to exit its agency servicing business.











3 months 


9 months 



($ in millions)






09/30/14


09/30/14



Total servicing segment revenue




$485


$1,527



Total segment operating expenses (ex. interest)


(314)


(920)



Servicing segment income from operations


$171


$607



Add:  MSR fair value adjustment




9


51



Add:  Transaction and transition expenses




8


40



Add:  Segment legal & regulatory charges




20


22



Less:  Mangrove Partners est. overhead allocation


(10)


(30)



Normalized servicing income from operations


$198


$689
















Less:  Servicing fees remitted to HLSS




($94)


($287)



Less:  Other match funded liability interest


(15)


(47)



OCN servicing earnings after advance financing costs


$90


$355



OCN annualized servicing earnings ("EBIT")


359


473
















OCN total MSR UPB at quarter end




$411,280


$411,280



HLSS RMSR UPB at quarter end




165,524


165,524



HLSS UPB as % OCN UPB






40.2%


40.2%
















OCN annualized EBIT attributable to HLSS UPB


$145


$190



Valuation multiple






4.00x


4.00x



Value of OCN EBIT from HLSS UPB




$578


$762



% of HLSS UPB serviced by OCN




0.349%


0.460%
















HLSS shares outstanding (in millions)




71


71



Value of OCN servicing per HLSS share




$8.14


$10.73

In a servicing transfer, we believe that the earnings Ocwen currently generates from the MSRs that HLSS has the right to transfer would be worth over $8 in incremental value per HLSS share.  We have benchmarked our valuation against what HLSS has indicated it believes Ocwen earns on this relationship. On June 11, 2013, HLSS indicated in a lender presentation that Ocwen earns a contribution profit of 36 bps of UPB as servicer on HLSS RMSRs. As shown below, this suggests that our valuation of Ocwen's servicing relationship with HLSS is less than 1x its contribution profit to Ocwen in our low case. We believe this reflects the conservatism embedded in our valuation.



($ in millions)











Ocwen subservicing fee % of UPB






0.230%



Add:  Ancillary fees % UPB








0.180%



Less:  Incremental expenses % UPB






(0.050%)



Contribution of Ocwen subservicing % UPB




0.360%
















September 30, 2014 HLSS RMSR UPB






$165,524



Implied contribution margin to Ocwen






596














2. Clean up call rights. 
On a December 22, 2014 conference call, Ocwen stated that it owns call rights: "(A)s the servicer of almost $200 billion of UPB of private label mortgages…we estimate that we will execute approximately $5 billion of calls over the next two years and they could be worth two to three points of profit to [Ocwen]." Since these clean up call rights belong to the servicer of the private label mortgages, their value should accrue to HLSS as part of the price it receives in a transfer of the MSRs.



($ millions) 








Amount 



Ocwen non-agency servicing UPB at 9/30




$171,998



HLSS RMSR UPB at 9/30






165,524



HLSS UPB % OCN UPB






96.2%














Ocwen serviced in-the-money clean up call UPB


$5,000



% that HLSS is entitled to






96.2%



UPB that HLSS is entitled to






$4,812














HLSS clean up call profit - Low %




2.0%



HLSS clean up call profit - Low $




$96



Value of clean-up call rights per HLSS share – Low


$1.36














HLSS clean up call profit - High %




3.0%



HLSS clean up call profit - High $




$144



Value of clean-up call rights per HLSS share – High


$2.03

Based on the guidance given by Ocwen's management, it is Mangrove Partners' opinion that the clean up call rights to which HLSS is entitled could be worth at least $1-2 per share, taking into consideration only those clean up call rights that were in-the-money as of December 2014.
3. Altisource Portfolio Solutions, S.A. ("ASPS") profits from Ocwen's non-agency portfolio. 
In January 2015, ASPS provided estimates of potential Technology and Mortgage Services pre-tax income it expects to generate from Ocwen's existing non-GSE portfolio. We believe that substantially all of this pre-tax income is generated from Ocwen's non-agency portfolio. HLSS owns the RMSRs to over 96% of Ocwen's non-agency servicing portfolio. A third party servicer to which HLSS transfers servicing could derive significant value from performing the services that ASPS is currently performing, and we believe that HLSS could be compensated for this in the sale price of the servicing rights. Our estimate of the value another servicer could realize from the cash flows that ASPS forecast in its recent presentation is presented below.



($ in millions)




2015


2016


2017


2018


2019



Segment pre-tax income ("PTI")


$205


$174


$152


$131


$113



Less:  Mangrove Partners est. G&A


(35)


(35)


(35)


(35)


(35)



Adjusted PTI




$170


$139


$117


$96


$78




















HLSS UPB % OCN non-GSE UPB


96.2%


96.2%


96.2%


96.2%


96.2%



ASPS PTI attributable to HLSS


$164


$134


$113


$92


$75



Less:  Taxes


35.0%


(57)


(47)


(39)


(32)


(26)



Net income - Approximates FCF


$106


$87


$73


$60


$49



Terminal value (4x 2019 Net income)








195



Cash flows for discounting


$106


$87


$73


$60


$244




















Discount rate


15.0%













Discounted cash flows




$99


$71


$52


$37


$130



Cumulative discounted cash flows










$388



HLSS shares outstanding at 9/30/14 (in millions)






71



Value per HLSS share












$5.47

Based on ASPS's projections, the cash flows that a buyer of the MSRs could realize may be worth over $5 per HLSS share. Although this value would likely be divided between HLSS and the MSR purchaser, it may also be conservative because it excludes earnings related to mortgage charge-off collection services that would likely be valuable to another servicer.
4. Transaction comparable. 
In January 2014, Ocwen agreed to acquire a primarily private label mortgage servicing portfolio from Wells Fargo with total principal balance of $39 billion (the "Wells Fargo Portfolio"). The agreed-upon purchase price was $2.7 billion, including $280 million for the MSR, $115 million for deferred servicing fees, and $2.3 billion for outstanding servicing advances. Although this transaction was not consummated, it serves as a point of reference for the value HLSS could receive in a sale to a third party.



Wells Fargo transaction valuation



($ millions) 






Amount 



Total UPB to be acquired




$39,000












MSR purchase price




$280



% of UPB to be acquired (deal multiple)


0.718%












Advance for deferred servicing fees


$115



% of UPB to be acquired




0.295%












Outstanding servicing advances


$2,300



% of UPB to be acquired




5.897%





















HLSS potential MSR valuation





($ millions) 






Amount 



HLSS RMSR UPB at 9/30/2014


$165,524



x Wells Fargo deal multiple




0.718%



Implied fair value of MSR assets


$1,188












Less:  HLSS RMSR carrying value


(619)



Potential gain to HLSS




$569












÷ HLSS shares outstanding at 9/30/14


71



Value per HLSS share




$8.02

We note that this analysis does not take into account the cost of capital associated with deferred servicing fees that Ocwen agreed to pay up front, nor the difference in servicing advance requirements between the Wells Fargo Portfolio and the RMSRs that HLSS currently owns. Servicing advances as a percentage of HLSS's RMSR UPB stood at 3.685% at September 30, 2014, compared to servicing advances as a percentage of UPB in the Wells Fargo Portfolio of 5.897%. Also, the HLSS portfolio is entirely private label, whereas over 8% of the UPB associated with the Wells Fargo Portfolio was Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac servicing. This suggests that based on a comparable transaction analysis, HLSS's exercise of its right to transfer servicing away from Ocwen could result in a gain to HLSS shareholders well in excess of $8 per share. This gain would represent an increase of approximately 45% to HLSS's September 30, 2014 book value per share.
5. HLSS's RMSRs are valued on its balance sheet using assumptions that are more conservative than realized performance. 
A servicing transfer that results in the sale of MSRs that HLSS finances is likely to result in a significant gain to HLSS.















Actual 


Actual 











Wtd. 


3 months 


9 months 



Valuation input


Low 


High 


Average 


09/30/14


09/30/14



Prepayment speeds


12%


28%


18%


10%


10%



Delinquency rates


15%


35%


25%


19%* 


19%* 



 * represents non-performing loans and real estate as a % of total residential assets serviced at 9/30/14

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE PARTICIPANTS
The Mangrove Partners Master Fund, Ltd. ("Mangrove"), together with the other participants named herein, intends to make a preliminary filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") of a proxy statement and accompanying proxy card to be used to solicit votes for the election of a slate of director nominees at the 2015 annual meeting of shareholders of Home Loan Servicing Solutions, Ltd. (the "Company").
MANGROVE STRONGLY ADVISES ALL SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER PROXY MATERIALS AS THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION.  SUCH PROXY MATERIALS WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO CHARGE ON THE SEC'S WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV.  IN ADDITION, THE PARTICIPANTS IN THIS PROXY SOLICITATION WILL PROVIDE COPIES OF THE PROXY STATEMENT WITHOUT CHARGE UPON REQUEST.  
The participants in the proxy solicitation are anticipated to be Mangrove, The Mangrove Partners Fund, L.P. ("Mangrove LP"), Mangrove Partners Fund (Cayman), Ltd. ("Mangrove Fund Cayman"), Mangrove Partners, Mangrove Capital and Nathaniel August (collectively, the "Participants").
As of the date hereof, Mangrove owned 1,655,719 shares of the Company's Common Stock. As the two controlling shareholders of Mangrove, each of Mangrove LP and Mangrove Fund Cayman may be deemed the beneficial owner of the shares of Common Stock of the Company owned by Mangrove. Mangrove Partners is the investment manager of each of Mangrove, Mangrove LP and Mangrove Fund Cayman. Mangrove Capital is the general partner of Mangrove LP. Mr. August is the Director of each of Mangrove Partners and Mangrove Capital. By virtue of these relationships, each of Mangrove Partners, Mangrove Capital and Mr. August may be deemed to beneficially own the shares of Common Stock of the Company owned by Mangrove.
About Mangrove Partners
Mangrove Partners is a value-oriented investment manager. Its investment objective is to organically compound net worth while minimizing the chances of a permanent loss of capital. Its goal is to generate positive returns from both long and short investments as opposed to employing a relative value or market hedging strategy.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
The information herein contains "forward-looking statements." Specific forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and include, without limitation, words such as "may," "will," "expects," "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "estimates," "projects," "targets," "forecasts," "seeks," "could," "should" or the negative of such terms or other variations on such terms or comparable terminology. Similarly, statements that describe our objectives, plans or goals are forward-looking. Our forward-looking statements are based on our current intent, belief, expectations, estimates and projections regarding the Company and projections regarding the industry in which it operates. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that are difficult to predict and that could cause actual results to differ materially. Accordingly, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results and actual results may vary materially from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements.
www.mangrovepartners.com
 
 SOURCE  Mangrove Partners  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.mangrovepartners.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Mar 15, 2016, 09:25 ET
Preview: Mangrove Announces Intention to Commence Tender Offer for up to 3,000,000 Shares of Common Stock of Asta Funding, Inc.













Mar 22, 2011, 08:30 ET
Preview: Mangrove Partners Notes CPEX Stock Trading Above Offer Price






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 



How Mangrove Built a Successful Hedge Fund - Barron's





































































 







 



 








Asia Edition
U.S. Edition



 

Subscribe
Log In






Home

Magazine

This Week's Edition
Past Editions
New: Cartoons



Daily

All Coverage
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Up & Down Wall St. Daily
Getting Technical
Striking Price Daily
Wall Street's Best Minds
Read This, Spike That
Stocks to Watch Today
Asia Stocks to Watch
Income Investing
Tech Trader Daily
Focus on Funds
Emerging Markets
Q&A
Video Center



Investing Ideas

Overview
Barron's Picks & Pans
Mutual Funds / ETFs
Hedge Funds
Stocks Center
Commodities Center
Bonds Center
Options Center
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Stock Alert
Inside Scoop
Ahead of the Crowd
Focus on Funds
Stocks to Watch Today
Barron's Roundtable



Advisor Center

Overview
Top 100 Advisors
Top 100 Women Advisors
Top 100 Independent Advisors
Top 1,200 Advisors
Advisor Profiles



Market Data

Market Data Center
Market Lab
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
Stock Grader
Stock & Fund Tables
Barron's 400



PENTA

Penta Magazine
Penta Daily
Penta Archives



Barron's NEXT





 









 




		Fund of Information
	
How to Build a Hedge Fund
Tiny Mangrove Partners defied the odds against success with a strong performance and an understanding of what institutional investors want.


 







By

Michael Shari

 Biography




 




May 25, 2013


Launching a new hedge fund has always been difficult, and even more so since the financial crisis. More funds are closing down than starting up these days, and most of the failures are small operations with short histories, says Daniel Celeghin, a partner at Casey, Quirk and Associates, which advises asset managers. Because investors have become "more educated and more paranoid" since the 2008 crash, he notes, they gravitate toward "the perception of safety" in large hedge funds that boast long track records. Of the $15.3 billion that investors poured into hedge funds during the first three months...
	      




 


Get The Full Story

Subscribe
		  or  
		 Log In


 


 




Want to participate in the discussion?



Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access.


Powered by Livefyre

 



 








 


Most Popular


1.
Surprise, Surprise? Dow Gains 100 Points as Fed Day Looms


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



2.
General Electric: ‘Quite Materially Wrong’


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



3.
Dividend-Paying Stocks That Beat the Market


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



4.
General Electric: There Goes the Band-Aid


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



5.
Did Donald Trump Just Reveal an Apple Secret?


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



See Full List




Latest Market Videos


1




Would You Get Groceries From Amazon?



2




Citi Ups the Ante in Premium Credit Card



3




Barron's Bounce: Meaty Gains for Leucadia




 




 























RED MANGROVE PARTNERS, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    RED MANGROVE PARTNERS, LLC











Company number L13000175308
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 12/19/2013
        

Principal Address
            12123 COLLIERS RESERVE DRIVE, NAPLES, 34110
            


Mailing Address 12123 COLLIERS RESERVE DRIVE, NAPLES, FL, 34110
        
RED MANGROVE PARTNERS, LLC Principals

M, G, R, M
                Chatfield Ken
                 


Address
                12123 COLLIERS RESERVE DRIVE, NAPLES, FL, 34110
                 



M, G, R, M
                Chatfield Jennifer
                 


Address
                12123 COLLIERS RESERVE DRIVE, NAPLES, FL, 34109
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name ALLEN               TODD          B (p)
        

Agent Address
                6714 SLOANE PLACE, NAPLES, FL, 34109
                

RED MANGROVE PARTNERS, LLC Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/23/2016
            

Description
RED MANGROVE PARTNERS, LLC has been set up 12/19/2013 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The RED MANGROVE PARTNERS, LLC principal adress is 12123 COLLIERS RESERVE DRIVE, NAPLES, 34110. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 12123 COLLIERS RESERVE DRIVE, NAPLES, FL, 34110. 
The company`s registered agent is ALLEN               TODD          B 6714 SLOANE PLACE, NAPLES, FL, 34109.  
The company`s management are M, G, R, M - Chatfield Ken, M, G, R, M - Chatfield Jennifer. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/23/2016. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
REDMAN, HINES & NORMAN, P.L.
REDMAN HOMES, INC.
REDMAN HOME TEAM LLC
REDMAN HUNT CLUB, INC.
RED-MAN, INC.
REDMAN INDUSTRIES, INC.













Mangrove Equity Partners, LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 12:54 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Mangrove Equity Partners, LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Mangrove Equity Partners, LP is a private equity firm specializing in management buyouts, management buy-ins, add-on acquisition, majority recapitalizations, family succession recapitalizations, industry consolidations in lower middle market companies and minority stakes in mature, profitable companies. The firm invests in select under performers as well. It prefers to invest in service companies, manufacturers, and value-added distributors. Within manufacturing it focuses on industrial product manufacturing and consumer product manufacturing including test and measurement equipment; high margin consumables and disposables; specialty chemicals or formulated products; defense; aerospace; perf...
Mangrove Equity Partners, LP is a private equity firm specializing in management buyouts, management buy-ins, add-on acquisition, majority recapitalizations, family succession recapitalizations, industry consolidations in lower middle market companies and minority stakes in mature, profitable companies. The firm invests in select under performers as well. It prefers to invest in service companies, manufacturers, and value-added distributors. Within manufacturing it focuses on industrial product manufacturing and consumer product manufacturing including test and measurement equipment; high margin consumables and disposables; specialty chemicals or formulated products; defense; aerospace; performance automotive aftermarket; hunting, fishing, etc.; health and fitness products; adventure related sporting goods like camping, kayaking, climbing, etc.; medical related products not tied to medicare/medicaid; and other esoteric enthusiast sport niches. Within industrial services it focuses on erosion and corrosion prevention, non-disruptive testing, technical cleaning in industrial environments, maintenance and repair services, and other service niches. The firm typically invests in companies headquartered in the United States and Canada. It seeks to invest between $10 million and $50 million in companies with revenues between $8 million and $100 million and EBITDA between $2 million and $10 million. The firm prefers to invest in distribution companies with EBITDA margins greater than 10 percent. Mangrove Equity Partners, LP was founded in 2007 and is based in Tampa, Florida.
Detailed Description


101 South Franklin StreetSuite 205Tampa, FL 33602United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 813-868-4500

Fax: 813-224-0922

www.mangroveequity.com







Key Executives for Mangrove Equity Partners, LP




Mr. Glenn B. Oken


      	Managing Director
      








Mr. Matt E. Young


      	Managing Director
      








Mr. J. Hunter Reichert


      	Managing Director
      








Mr. Roger Bates


      	Operating Partner
      








Mr. Barry Korthuis CPA


      	Operating Partner
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      September 6, 2016
			    
Westland Technologies, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Mangrove Equity Partners, LP, please visit www.mangroveequity.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Mangrove Partners                                                                                                        - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Investment offices, Nec



Unit Investment Trusts



                            Mangrove Partners
                                    



 





















M 


Mangrove Partners                                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



645 MADISON AVE FL 14 NEW YORK, NY 10022
Get Directions



(646) 589-7000
www.mangrovepartners.com                                                                                





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,426,300.00
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Unit Investment Trusts
 Contacts Nathaniel August                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Mangrove Partners                                                                                                        was founded in 2010. Mangrove Partners                                                                                                        specializes in Unit Investment Trusts. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.






















Industries - Mangrove Equity Partners
























 










































 

























General Characteristics
 

Non-commodity
Strong barriers to entry
Often some engineering content
Typically diverse and esoteric channels of distribution
Minimally cyclical
Less subject to commodity price swings
Strong, defensible market share





Industrial Product Manufacturing
 

Mission critical (got to have vs. want to have)
Typically not solely tied to major capital expenditures
Positive to have a service component or potential thereof
Often products with higher levels of engineering content and/or customization
Examples:

Test & measurement equipment
High margin consumables & disposables
Specialty chemicals or formulated products
Defense (not closely tied to headcount)
Aerospace (for stable platforms)







Consumer Product Manufacturing
 

Enthusiast driven customer base
Non-commodity orientation
Diverse customer base (low concentration to big box retailers)
Not fad or fashion oriented
Examples:

Performance automotive aftermarket
Hunting, fishing, etc.
Health and fitness products
Adventure related sporting goods (camping, kayaking, climbing, etc.)
Medical related products (not tied to Medicare/Medicaid)
Other esoteric enthusiast sport niches







Industrial Services
 

Mission critical
Often services that preserve or maintain valuable fixed assets and/or improve the efficiency or quality of customers operations
Often performed in the field
Strong safety record is often a requirement
Technical know-how required (not everybody with a truck can compete)
Examples:

Erosion and corrosion prevention
Non-disruptive testing
Technical cleaning in industrial environments
Maintenance and repair services
Other service niches with high value-add, saving customers time and money







Distribution
 

Higher than average margins evidencing strong value-add (typically > 10% EBITDA margins)




 View Our Portfolio

 Contact Us












 





























