


Medtech Products, Inc. - Close Out Letter 11/6/14






























































  

Quick Links: Skip to main page content
Skip to Search
Skip to Topics Menu
Skip to Section Content Menu
Skip to Common Links








































								U.S. Food & Drug Administration
							

 







A to Z Index
Follow FDA
En Español





Enter Search terms

















 


 





Home
Food
Drugs
Medical Devices
Radiation-Emitting Products
Vaccines, Blood & Biologics
Animal & Veterinary
Cosmetics
Tobacco Products


 



 
 

Inspections, Compliance, Enforcement, and Criminal Investigations



















Home
Inspections, Compliance, Enforcement, and Criminal Investigations
Compliance Actions and Activities

Warning Letters

2014













Section Contents Menu
Compliance Actions and Activities
Warning Letters
2014



 

 




 



Medtech Products, Inc. - Close Out Letter 11/6/14
  Department of Health and Human Services  New York District Food & Drug Administration158-15 Liberty Avenue Jamaica, NY 11433 November 6, 2014Matthew M. Mannelly, CEOMedtech Products, Inc.660 White Plains RoadTarrytown, NY 10591Dear Mr. Mannelly:The Food and Drug Administration has completed an evaluation of your firm’s corrective actions in response to our Warning Letter issued on September 19, 2013. Based on our evaluation of your written responses, it appears that you have addressed the violations contained in this Warning Letter. Future FDA inspections and regulatory activities will further assess the adequacy and sustainability of these corrections.This letter does not relieve you or your firm from the responsibility of taking all necessary steps to assure sustained compliance with the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and its implementing regulations or with other relevant legal authority. The Agency expects you and your firm to maintain compliance and will continue to monitor your state of compliance. This letter will not preclude any future regulatory action should violations be observed during a subsequent inspection or through other means. Sincerely,/S/LCDR Frank Verni, RPhCompliance OfficerFDA – New York District 
       
      
        -
      





 

 
 














	Page Last Updated: 11/12/2014


	Note: If you need help accessing information in different file formats, see Instructions for Downloading Viewers and Players.
   Language Assistance Available: Español | 繁體中文 | Tiếng Việt | 한국어 | Tagalog | Русский | العربية | Kreyòl Ayisyen | Français | Polski | Português | Italiano | Deutsch | 日本語 | فارسی | English








Accessibility
Contact FDA
Careers
FDA Basics
FOIA
No FEAR Act
Site Map
Nondiscrimination
Website Policies










U.S. Food and Drug Administration

							10903 New Hampshire Avenue 
							Silver Spring, MD 20993 
							Ph. 1-888-INFO-FDA (1-888-463-6332)
Contact FDA














For Government
For Press






Combination Products
Advisory Committees
Science & Research
Regulatory Information
Safety
Emergency Preparedness
International Programs
News & Events
Training and Continuing Education
Inspections/Compliance
State & Local Officials
Consumers
Industry
Health Professionals
FDA Archive






 



Links on this page:









 











Matthew M. Mannelly: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 9:39 AM ET
Healthcare Providers and Services

Company Overview of Medtech Products, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Matthew M. Mannelly  Chief Executive Officer, Medtech Products, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships60--
Background

		Mr. Matthew M. Mannelly, also known as Matt, serves as the Chief Executive Officer at Medtech Products, Inc. Mr. Mannelly served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. and Prestige Brands Inc. from September 3, 2009 to June 1, 2015. He has extensive experience in consumer products, packaged goods, sports and fitness, and apparel. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Cannondale Bicycle Corporation. He served as the President ... of Cannondale Corporation from 2003 to September 2008 and its Chief Executive Officer from 2005 to September 2008. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Cannondale Sports Group. Under his leadership, Cannondale experienced tremendous growth for five consecutive years, including the acquisition of SUGOI Performance Apparel, ultimately resulting in the successful sale of Cannondale to Dorel. He served as the President of Paxar Corporation. He has been an Independent Director at Performance Sports Group Ltd. since October 2013. He served as a Director of Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. and Prestige Brands Inc. from September 3, 2009 to June 1, 2015. He holds a BS in Economics from Boston College and an MBA degree in Marketing from University of North Carolina.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
90 North BroadwayIrvington, New York 10533United StatesPhone: 914-524-6810Fax: 914-524-6815
Board Members Memberships
2009-PresentDirectorPrestige Brands, Inc.2013-PresentIndependent DirectorOld PSG Wind-down Ltd.
Education
BS Boston CollegeMBA University of North Carolina
Other Affiliations
Paxar CorporationCB Liquidation Corp.Dorel Industries Inc.Boston CollegeOld PSG Wind-down Ltd.University of North CarolinaPrestige Brands Holdings, Inc.Prestige Brands, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Medtech Products, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












    Matthew Mannelly | Performance Sports Group Ltd. | ZoomInfo.com


Management Secrets of Top Westchester CEOs: Matthew M. Mannelly, CEO of Prestige Brands in Irvington - 914INC. - Q2 2012 - Westchester, NY





























































Home

More








Edit ModuleShow Tags













Edit ModuleEdit Module





 






Subscribe
Digital Edition
Give a Gift
Customer Service













914INC. / Q2 2012 / Management Secrets of Top Westchester CEOs: Matthew M. Mannelly, CEO of Prestige Brands in Irvington 








Management Secrets of Top Westchester CEOs: Matthew M. Mannelly, CEO of Prestige Brands in Irvington











				 




	“I hate consensus,” declares Matthew M. Mannelly, 54, CEO of Prestige Brands. “We’re not here to build consensus. If we build consensus, it will take us forever.”

	The impatient CEO of the fast-growing consumer products company says he prefers collaboration. “When you collaborate,” he explains, “you gather the points of view of everyone, then whoever is the right decision maker makes the decision. Get the right people collaborating, and you’ll come up with the right answer.”

	There have been plenty of right answers for Prestige since Mannelly came on board in 2009. Sales that year were under $300 million. After divesting a few lagging products, repositioning others, and making some substantial acquisitions, sales for the 2013 fiscal year are projected to exceed $600 million from products like Chloraseptic, Compound W, Efferdent, PediaCare, Dramamine, and newly acquired brands like Beano, Ecotrin, Tagamet, and Sominex. The company outsources manufacturing, but does all product development, marketing, and sales in-house with a 100-person staff (soon to be larger) in Irvington. “We have kind of a plug-and-play model when we bring a brand into the company,” Mannelly says. “That’s not to say we don’t learn something new with every acquisition. Once you think you know everything, you should quit.”

	Mannelly also condemns the b-school dogma that says mature brands should not be promoted, just milked for cash. “There is always a new, better, or different way to grow your business,” he says. “For a brand like Chloraseptic, you can introduce a new flavor, a new bottle, or a new dispenser. You take your cues from the consumer on how to improve the brand.”

	As this article was going to press, Mannelly faced an unexpected challenge. Genomma Lab Internacional, based in Mexico, made an unsolicited takeover offer for Prestige, which, in turn, promptly adopted a poison pill defense while its board considers its options. Stay tuned.






 
 




 

 






Edit Module


Edit ModuleShow Tags

Related Stories









Yonkers Mayor Mike Spano Appoints New Director of Sustainability









TaSH Creates a Communal Farm-to-Table Haven









6 Ways Walking Will Put Your Mind at Ease 









Hudson Valley Beer Trail 









Donuts Worth Driving For









A ‘Haven’ for Pizza Lovers









Sips Near Sails









A Taste of Twin Farms





Edit Module







Edit Module

















































Matthew Mannelly - Latest News (UK)















UK Corporate Information













COMPANIES
DIRECTORS












HomeCompany SearchDirector Search












HomeCompany SearchDirector SearchCompany by Zip Code










Matthew Mannelly
, , Tarrytown, New York, 10591


OVERVIEW - Matthew MannellyLATEST NEWS







Matthew Mannelly - Latest News


Medtech Products Inc.www.dandb.com • Friday 30 June 2017Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile. Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their ...
New England Jr. Section Championships 12, 14, 16, 18 Level 3tennislink.usta.com • Friday 30 June 2017Adams, Bryan Cheshire, CT 78'Court/Yellow Ball - B14s, 78'Court/Yellow Ball - B14d(Donaldson, Jared) Barnhart, Christopher Longmeadow, MA 78'Court/Yellow Ball - B18s, 78'Court/Yellow Ball - B18d(Lee, Justin) Barnhart, James Longmeadow, MA 78'Court/Yellow ...






Prestige Brands, Inc. INSIDERS ON Board MembersBloomberg • Monday 19 June 2017The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence ...
Cannondale Bicycle Corpwww.chamberofcommerce.com • Wednesday 07 June 2017Cannondale Bicycle Corp is located at the address 16 Trowbridge Dr in Bethel, Connecticut 06801. They can be contacted via phone at (203) 749-7000 for pricing, hours and directions. Cannondale Bicycle Corp has an annual sales volume of 100M+. .For more ...
Medtech Products Inc.buzzfile.com • Wednesday 31 May 2017Medtech Products, which also operates under the name New Skin, is located in Tarrytown, New York. This organization primarily operates in the Soap and other Detergents business / industry within the Chemicals and Allied Products sector. This organization ...
What a difference a year makes.thefreelibrary.com • Friday 28 April 2017WE'RE NOT OUT of the woods yet. Consumer sentiment is bad, housing is still a mess and Wall Street is gyrating violently every day ... and then there's that spill in the Gulf that needs to be cleaned up and who knows how much that will cost or who exactly ...
People Search Report on Ryan P Mannelly in New Canaan, CTwww.intelius.com • Monday 06 February 2017Information regarding Ryan P Mannelly's professional history. Find out previous places Ryan P Mannelly has worked as well as dates employed. The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit ...
Performance Sports Group Mails Definitive Proxy Materials And Sends Letter To ShareholdersThe Street • Monday 15 August 2016Five private equity firms are reviewing Performance Sports Group's books to see if they want to make offers for the bankrupt sporting goods company ahead of a late-January deadline. Performance Sports Group (PSG) stock was trading sharply higher Friday ...
Performance Sports Group Announces Voting Results From 2015 Annual and Special Meeting of ShareholdersMarketwired • Wednesday 14 October 2015NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Oct 14, 2015) - Performance Sports Group Ltd. (NYSE: PSG) (TSX: PSG) ("Performance Sports Group" or the "Company"), announced today the results of matters voted on at the Company's annual and special meeting (the "Meeting") of ...
PARK PRESIDIO CAPITAL Is The Latest 13F Q1 2015 Filleroctafinance.com • Friday 22 May 2015As shown in this SEC filing the active investment manager increased its stakes in Hub Group Inc (HUBG) by 13% to $32.03 million, Nielsen N V (NLSN) by 21% to $32.80 million, Priceline Grp Inc (PCLN) by 30% to $34.93 million, Schwab Charles Corp New (SCHW ...
Prestige Brands profit beats after acquisitionsMarket Watch • Thursday 14 May 2015The "results reflect continued strengthening of consumption trends across our core [over-the-counter] and international brands," said Chief Executive Matthew Mannelly. Mr. Mannelly said "the momentum positions the Company well as we enter fiscal 2016."
CFOs on the Move: Week Ending May 1CFO • Friday 01 May 2015He succeeds Matthew Mannelly, who is retiring. A search for a new finance chief is under way. Richard Weller has been named to lead the finance function at Wesco Aircraft Holdings, effective May 4. He replaces Gregory Hann, who retired on March 31.
Prestige Brands Announces Ron Lombardi to Succeed Matt Mannelly as President and Chief Executive Officerworldpressonline.com • Wednesday 22 April 2015Mannelly, President and Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors, will retire effective June 1, 2015. Following his retirement, the Board of Directors has appointed Ron Lombardi, Chief Financial Officer, to succeed Mr. Mannelly as ...
Prestige Brands Holdings Inc.: Prestige Brands Announces Ron Lombardi to Succeed Matt Mannelly as President and Chief Executive OfficerThe Wall Street Transcript • Wednesday 22 April 2015-Company Expects to Achieve Upper End of Previously Announced Fourth Fiscal Quarter and Year End 2015 Revenue and adjusted EPS Outlook- TARRYTOWN, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr. 22, 2015-- Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:PBH) announced today that Matthew ...
Prestige Brands Visits Doctors To Cure Slumping Monistat Salesbioportfolio.com • Sunday 08 February 2015Within medicine, nutrition (the study of food and the effect of its components on the body) has many different roles. Appropriate nutrition can help prevent certain diseases, or treat others. In critically ill patients, artificial feeding by tubes need t...
Love It? Check the LabelNew York Times • Tuesday 03 February 2015In bicycles, too, Schwinn and Huffy have decamped to Asia, leaving high-end specialty companies like Trek and Cannondale alone making bikes in this country, where there is “a greater sense of craft and small scale,” said Matthew Mannelly,the chief ...
Prestige Brands Holdings' (PBH) CEO Matthew Mannelly on Q2 2015 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptSeeking Alpha • Thursday 06 November 2014Ronald M. Lombardi - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Analysts Joseph Altobello Frank A. Camma - Sidoti & Company, Inc. Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Prestige Brands Holdings Second Quarter Fiscal 2015 Earnings ...
East Village wine bar | Total Body bankruptcy | Stinky Bklyn hits ChelseaCrain's New York Business • Wednesday 28 May 2014Prestige Brands Holdings (PBH) Matthew Mannelly, president, chief executive and board member, sold 69,424 shares of common stock at prices ranging from $33.23 to $33.31 on May 20, in a transaction worth $2,308,263. He now indirectly holds 98,366 shares.
Prestige Brands to buy Insight Pharmaceuticals for $750 mnDomain-b • Saturday 26 April 2014Monistat will become the Company's largest and its first $100 million brand,'' said, Matthew Mannelly, CEO of Prestige. ''The acquisition is expected to boost Prestige's annual revenues to approximately $800 million, bringing us closer to our stated goal ...
Teachers, partner to sell Insight Pharmaceuticals for $750-millionGlobe and Mail • Friday 25 April 2014“In the last five years, our proven management team has led a dramatic transformation of our company into a diversified OTC health-care products company with a portfolio of iconic brands,” Prestige chief executive Matthew Mannelly said. “The ...






Teachers and SPC sign deal to sell drug company Insight PharmaceuticalsCanadian Business • Friday 25 April 2014“In the last five years, our proven management team has led a dramatic transformation of our company into a diversified OTC health-care products company with a portfolio of iconic brands,” Prestige chief executive Matthew Mannelly said. “The ...
Prestige Brands vs. Church & Dwight: Where Should You Invest?The Motley Fool • Thursday 24 April 2014Chief executive officer Matthew Mannelly explained, "There were a combination of ... Philip is an avid investor and writer. He contributes to The Motley Fool and Seeking Alpha. You can follow Philip on Twitter @philsags. Allow push notifications to help ...
Prestige Brands vs. Church & Dwight: Where Should You Invest?AOL • Thursday 24 April 2014Management has attributed much of the weakness to three unforeseen problems. Chief executive officer Matthew Mannelly explained, "There were a combination of things that came together that has affected our business in the short term. And those things are ...
Australia : OTC oral rehydration product Hydralyte in Australia to be purchased by Prestige [TendersInfo (India)]nfvzone.com • Friday 18 April 2014Prestige CEO Matthew Mannelly said that the company is happy with the acquisition of Hydralyte in the Australia and New Zealand markets. Mannelly said, "Hydralyte is a strong, strategic addition to our portfolio. It is a high growth, market-leading OTC ...
Prestige to acquire OTC oral rehydration product Hydralyte in AustraliaPBR • Wednesday 16 April 2014Prestige CEO Matthew Mannelly said the company is happy with the acquisition of Hydralyte in the Australia and New Zealand markets. "Hydralyte is a strong, strategic addition to our portfolio. It is a high growth, market-leading OTC brand with a name ...
Chief Executive Magazine Honors 100 Elite Mid-Market Companiesprnewswire.com • Thursday 16 January 2014GREENWICH, Conn., Jan. 16, 2014 /PRNewswire/ --Chief Executive magazine today recognized the Mid-Market Elite -- 100 exceptional companies with revenue between $10 million and $1 billion. "The Middle Market often gets overlooked, in the shadows of big ...
Chief Executive Magazine Honors 100 Elite Mid-Market Companieschiefexecutive.net • Thursday 16 January 2014GREENWICH, Conn., Jan. 16, 2014 /PRNewswire/ – Chief Executive magazine today recognized the Mid-Market Elite — 100 exceptional companies with revenue between $10 million and $1 billion. “The Middle Market often gets overlooked, in the shadows of ...
Prestige Brands named to Fortune's list of 100 fastest-growing companiesDrug Store News • Tuesday 24 September 2013TARRYTOWN, N.Y. — Fortune has named Prestige Brands as one of its 100 fastest-growing ... and remain aggressive and disciplined in the M&A market,” stated Matthew Mannelly, CEO. “The successful execution of this strategy worked to create the results ...
Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (PBH): Should We Buy This Healthcare Stock After Its Recent Spike?INSIDER MONKEY • Wednesday 17 July 2013Matthew Mannelly, Prestige Brands’ CEO, is bullish about the acquisition. He mentioned that the acquisition would give the company a platform for growth in the Asia Pacific region with a product portfolio that complements Prestige Brands’ OTC product ...
PRESTIGE BRANDS (UK) LIMITEDbeta.companieshouse.gov.uk • Tuesday 10 July 2012View PDF ( Director's details changed for Ronald Lombardi on 13 March 2013 - link opens in a new window ) (2 pages) 13 Mar 2013 CH01 Director's details changed for Matthew Mannelly on 13 March 2013 View PDF ( Director's details changed for Matthew Mannelly ...
GSK to sell US consumer brands to Prestige for $660mHealthcare GLOBAL • Wednesday 21 December 2011The company’s shares have risen to $11.3, an increase of 20 percent. Commenting on the acquisition, the CEO of Prestige, Matthew Mannelly, said: “The signing of these agreements with GSK is a transformational event for Prestige Brands. “It fulfills ...
GSK sells part of consumer products operationFinancial Times • Tuesday 20 December 2011Matthew Mannelly, chief executive officer of Prestige Brands ... the pharmaceutical group’s new chief financial officer, has been advising on the deal. GSK refused to comment on the continuing disposal discussions.
GSK sells North American brands to PrestigeReuters • Tuesday 20 December 2011For Prestige, based in Irvington, New York, the deal with GSK marks the biggest acquisition in its history and will be "transformational" for the company, according to Chief Executive Matthew Mannelly. Finance head Ron Lombardi said Prestige would use a ...
Prestige Brands to buy 17 OTC brands from GSKchaindrugreview.com • Tuesday 20 December 2011Matthew Mannelly, chief executive officer of Prestige Brands, noted that the deal marks the biggest acquisition in the company’s history. The transactions are slated to close in the first half of 2012, pending regulatory approval and other closing ...
Prestige appoints new VP operationsChain Store Age • Friday 04 March 2011“[Hennessey’s] background in over-the-counter consumer products is a terrific match for our company,” stated Prestige president and CEO Matthew Mannelly. “As we continue to grow and become even more customer and consumer focused in OTC, [Hennessey ...
Prestige Brands To Buy Dramamine For $76 Million From J&J's McNeilih.advfn.com • Thursday 16 December 2010The company--known for brands including Chloraseptic, Little Remedies and Allergen Block--expects to "quickly and smoothly integrate Dramamine and drive growth through enhanced brand support," according to Chief Executive Matthew Mannelly. Last month ...
Ron Lombardi Named CFO for Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc.TMCnet.com • Thursday 02 December 2010Ron Lombardi has been named Chief Financial Officer for Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PBH), a consumer products ... In making the announcement, Matthew Mannelly, President and CEO for Prestige Brands said, "Ron is a results-oriented financial ...
UPDATE 2-Prestige Brands to buy rival, boost OTC presenceReuters • Monday 20 September 2010"We will continue to focus on execution against our core business and building the brands, and we will also continue to seek additional brand acquisitions that meet the criteria," Prestige CEO Matthew Mannelly said on a call with analysts. Prestige has ...
Prestige Brands agrees to acquire Blacksmith Brands stock for $190 millionNews-Medical • Monday 20 September 2010These three scale brands compete in attractive categories we know well, and they provide a clear path for shareholder value creation through increased brand support and line extensions," said Matthew Mannelly, Prestige Brands Chief Executive Officer.
Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. Names Timothy J. Connors as Chief Marketing Officereuroinvestor.com • Monday 19 April 2010products marketer of OTC products, where he served as Vice President, Marketing and prior to that, as Director, Sales and Marketing. Mr. Connors joins Prestige with a strong background in both marketing and sales for larger consumer products companies such ...






Prestige Brands appoints new general counsel and secretaryCosmetics Design • Tuesday 06 April 2010“[Eric’s] broad base of experience in consumer products and SEC law will serve the Company and its shareholders well as we move forward," said president and CEO Matthew Mannelly. Klee previously held the position of associate general counsel at ...
Prestige Sells Three Shampoo Brandshappi.com • Friday 30 October 2009"The successful sale of these businesses allows us to increase focus on our two larger segments, over-the-counter healthcare and household cleaning products, to enhance shareholder value," said Matthew Mannelly, company president and chief executive ...
Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. Sells Three Shampoo Brands to Ultimark ProductsThe Auto Chanel • Thursday 29 October 2009“The successful sale of these businesses allows us to increase focus on our two larger segments, over-the-counter healthcare and household cleaning products, to enhance shareholder value,” said Matthew Mannelly, President and CEO. Prestige ...
Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. Announces Appointment of Matthew Mannelly as Chief Executive Officercosmetics.specialchem.com • Friday 04 September 2009IRVINGTON, N.Y. -- Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. announced the appointment of Matthew Mannelly as its President and Chief Executive Officer and his election to the Company's Board of Directors. Mr. Mannelly will begin his duties on Thursday, September 3 ...
Prestige Brands (PBH) Names New President, CEO; Completes Staff Reduction Program; Reaffirms OutlookStreetInsider • Thursday 03 September 2009Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PBH) today announced the appointment of Matthew Mannelly as its President and CEO and his election to the Company's Board of Directors. Mr. Mannelly will begin his duties on Thursday, September 3, 2009. The Company ...
Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. Announces Appointment of Matthew Mannelly as Chief Executive OfficerBusiness Wire • Thursday 03 September 2009IRVINGTON, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE-PBH) today announced the appointment of Matthew Mannelly as its President and Chief Executive Officer and his election to the Company’s Board of Directors. Mr. Mannelly will begin his ...
Love it Check the labelFinancial Express • Monday 10 September 2007In bicycles, too, Schwinn and Huffy have decamped to Asia, leaving high-end specialty companies like Trek and Cannondale alone making bikes in this country, where there is a greater sense of craft and small scale, said Matthew Mannelly, the chief executive ...
Hats off to the class of 2007Nevada Appeal • Tuesday 19 June 2007Philip Matthew Mannelly, Kyle Matthew Mannschreck, Jesse Anthony Marcotte, Antonio Salvador Maresca, Christopher Earl Margrave, Allison Nicole Marlow, Andrew Jack Martin, Julie Ann Martin, Edwin Alexander Martinez, Jesus David Martinez, Bonnie Ann Matheson ...






Site2Corp - United Kingdom (UK)
Company Search
Director Search
Company By Zip Code
Insights
Company Statistics

Help
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy

Looking for Companies In ?


India (IN)
United Kingdom (UK)




Copyright © 2016 Site2Corp
















Matthew Mannelly - Director Information (UK)















UK Corporate Information













COMPANIES
DIRECTORS












HomeCompany SearchDirector Search












HomeCompany SearchDirector SearchCompany by Zip Code










Matthew Mannelly
, , Tarrytown, New York, 10591


OVERVIEW - Matthew MannellyLATEST NEWS









Matthew Mannelly



Matthew Mannelly was Born in October, 1957 (60 years old)  a resident of , , Tarrytown, New York, 10591 (United States Of America) having Usa nationality and was first ever appointed as Director in Prestige Brands Uk Limited on Thursday 03 September 2009 and as per the records from Registrar of Companies last appointment was in Clear Eyes Pharma Limited as Director on Tuesday 16 December 2014 and currently holding positions as Director Matthew Mannelly was appointed in over 2 companies and currently holding positions in over 0 Companies.













Prestige Brands Uk Limited



Address


                                    46 High Street, Yatton, Bristol, , BS49 4HJ
                                



Standard Industry Classification (SIC)


                                    Wholesale of pharmaceutical goods (46460)
                                


Company Status

active




Appointment


RESIGNED
                                    Thursday 03 September 2009 to Monday 01 June 2015
                                    
                                


Association
Matthew Mannelly is associated with Prestige Brands Uk Limited since Thursday 03 September 2009 as Director


View Full Profile of Prestige Brands Uk Limited >









Clear Eyes Pharma Limited



Address


                                    46 High Street, Yatton, Bristol, , BS49 4HJ
                                



Standard Industry Classification (SIC)


                                    Wholesale of pharmaceutical goods (46460)
                                


Company Status

active




Appointment


RESIGNED
                                    Tuesday 16 December 2014 to Monday 01 June 2015
                                    
                                


Association
Matthew Mannelly is associated with Clear Eyes Pharma Limited since Tuesday 16 December 2014 as Director


View Full Profile of Clear Eyes Pharma Limited >





Matthew Mannelly - Latest News


Medtech Products Inc.www.dandb.com • Friday 30 June 2017Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile. Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their ...
New England Jr. Section Championships 12, 14, 16, 18 Level 3tennislink.usta.com • Friday 30 June 2017Adams, Bryan Cheshire, CT 78'Court/Yellow Ball - B14s, 78'Court/Yellow Ball - B14d(Donaldson, Jared) Barnhart, Christopher Longmeadow, MA 78'Court/Yellow Ball - B18s, 78'Court/Yellow Ball - B18d(Lee, Justin) Barnhart, James Longmeadow, MA 78'Court/Yellow ...
Prestige Brands, Inc. INSIDERS ON Board MembersBloomberg • Monday 19 June 2017The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence ...
Cannondale Bicycle Corpwww.chamberofcommerce.com • Wednesday 07 June 2017Cannondale Bicycle Corp is located at the address 16 Trowbridge Dr in Bethel, Connecticut 06801. They can be contacted via phone at (203) 749-7000 for pricing, hours and directions. Cannondale Bicycle Corp has an annual sales volume of 100M+. .For more ...


View All News Articles >






Site2Corp - United Kingdom (UK)
Company Search
Director Search
Company By Zip Code
Insights
Company Statistics

Help
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy

Looking for Companies In ?


India (IN)
United Kingdom (UK)




Copyright © 2016 Site2Corp








MATTHEW M MANNELLY - COLORADO SPRINGS, CO - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CO



COLORADO SPRINGS



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            MATTHEW M MANNELLY
                                    



 





















M 


MATTHEW M MANNELLY
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4735 BROADLAKE VW COLORADO SPRINGS, CO 80906
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $86,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts MATTHEW M MANNELLY







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Matthew M Mannelly is located at 4735 Broadlake Vw in Colorado Springs and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2006. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. Announces Appointment of Matthew Mannelly as Chief Executive Officer




















































coatings.specialchem.com


adhesives.specialchem.com


omnexus.specialchem.com


cosmetics.specialchem.com


polymer-additives.specialchem.com


specialchem4bio.com


specialchem.com





Login

Forgot password?



No account? Register for free




Welcome back, 
My Profile

My Interests

My Subscriptions

My Courses & Tutorials


Logout





The Universal Selection Source: Cosmetics Ingredients




All types
Author
CAS Number
Documents
INCI
News
Patents
Products
Supplier
Trade name











Universal Selector





Supplier Listing





Innovation Resources







Open Innovation





Open Requests


Participate


About Open Innovation










A global specialty chemicals manufacturer has developed new polyamide elastomer grades and is looking for applications and partners that may value the properties of this technology...


Read More




A global specialty chemicals manufacturer has developed new polyamide elastomer grades and is looking for applications and partners that may value the properties of this technology...


Read More




A global specialty chemicals manufacturer has developed new polyamide elastomer grades and is looking for applications and partners that may value the properties of this technology...


Read More




A global specialty chemicals manufacturer has developed new polyamide elastomer grades and is looking for applications and partners that may value the properties of this technology...


Read More




A global cosmetic ingredients manufacturer has developed a unique 100% natural and ready-to-use Oil Gel Premix enabling formulators to create multiple different end-products like g...


Read More







Video Tutorials 



All Tutorials (26) 



Cosmetics Courses & Trainings 



Check Upcoming Courses (14) 


Start an On-Demand Course (112) 










Next Course
FTIR Made Easy for Better Identification of Plastics
Aug 29, 2017


More info and registration




Next Course
UV/ EB Coatings: Optimizing Curing in Practice
Aug 30, 2017


More info and registration




Next Course
Cosmetic Claim Substantiation: Why and How ?
Sep 5, 2017


More info and registration







Tech Resources



Tech Library


Selection Guides


Latest Patents


Formulations


Webinars & Videos





News & Community



News


Industry Events


Subscribe to our Newsletters









Channels







Channels




Decorative Cosmetics



Hair Care



in-cosmetics 




Natural/ Organic



Skin Care



Sun Care





More Channels



Perfume & Fragrances




Toiletries



Show all Channels







Register







Register for free






Find 160,000+ Product Technical Datasheets in our Universal Selectors


Access expert knowledge for a richer and faster product selection (Online Courses, Selection Guides, Articles…)






Stay up-to-date with industry and product news thanks to newsletters and alerts


Join 500,000+ registered members. One-time registration to access multiple industries!






It only takes 2 minutes




Continue



















Home
News
Prestige Brands Holdings Inc Announces Appointment of Matthew Mannelly as Chief Executive Office 4391



Print
Send

Share












Industry News



Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. Announces Appointment of Matthew Mannelly as Chief Executive Officer



Published on 2009-09-04. Author :
SpecialChem












IRVINGTON, N.Y. -- Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. announced
the appointment of Matthew Mannelly as its President and Chief Executive
Officer and his election to the Company's Board of Directors. Mr.
Mannelly will begin his duties on Thursday, September 3, 2009.
Mr. Mannelly comes to Prestige Brands with extensive
experience in packaged goods, sports, fitness, and apparel for world class
consumer brand names including Cannondale®, Nike®, Quaker Oats®,
Gatorade® and the U.S. Olympic Committee.
"We are pleased to welcome Matt, who brings an impressive portfolio
of industry experience and brand building success to our team," said
Gary Costley, Prestige's Lead Director. "We are confident in
Matt's abilities to grow our business and drive profitable and disciplined
growth for our company in the years to come."
The Company confirmed that Mark Pettie, formerly the Company's Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, had left the Company effective September
2, 2009. Mr. Costley indicated that Mr. Pettie's resignation followed
recent discussions with the Board regarding Mr. Pettie's and the
Board's divergent views about the Company's strategic direction
during the current economic climate, following which Mr. Pettie decided
to step down from his posts. "We thank Mark for his contributions
during his tenure with our company," Mr. Costley continued. "We
wish him well in his future endeavors."
Prestige also announced today the completion of a staff reduction program
which has eliminated approximately 10% of the Company's workforce
and is expected to deliver approximately $2 million in ongoing annual
cost reductions. Included in the final phase of this across-the-board
staff reduction program were a number of senior-level positions including
a Chief Marketing Officer, VP-Human Resources, and Controller. "We
believe that these staff reductions, while painful from a personal standpoint,
will result in a more efficient organization in the future" continued
Mr. Costley.
Finally, the Company announced that revenues for the July-August period
were on target with internal expectations.
About Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc.
Based in Irvington, New York, Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. is a marketer
and distributor of brand name over-the-counter healthcare, personal care
and household cleaning products sold throughout the U.S., Canada, and
in certain international markets. Key brands include Compound W® wart
remover, Chloraseptic® sore throat treatments, New-Skin® liquid
bandage, Clear Eyes® and Murine® eye and ear care products, Little
Remedies® pediatric over-the-counter products, The Doctor's®
NightGuard dental protector, Cutex® nail polish remover, Comet®
and Spic and Span® household cleaners, and other well-known brands.
Forward-Looking Statements
Note: This news release contains "forward-looking statements"
within the meaning of the federal securities laws and is intended to qualify
for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements"
generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology
such as "assumptions," "target," "guidance,"
"outlook," "plans," "projection," "may,"
"will," "would," "expect," "intend,"
"estimate," "anticipate," "believe, "potential,"
or "continue" (or the negative or other derivatives of each
of these terms) or similar terminology. The "forward-looking statements"
include, without limitation, statements regarding the statements regarding
expected savings resulting from the reported staff reductions. These statements
are based on management's estimates and assumptions with respect to future
events and financial performance and are believed to be reasonable, though
are inherently uncertain and difficult to predict. Actual results could
differ materially from those projected as a result of certain factors,
including the uncertain economic environment and future corporate needs.
A discussion of other factors that could cause results to vary is included
in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K and other periodic and other
reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Source: Prestige Brands
Holdings, Inc. 


  


External links 



Know how to Select the Right Surfactant for your Emulsions 
Get Insider Knowledge to Better Select your Additives & Solve your Cosmetics Formulation Issues...





Be the first to comment on "Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. Announces Appointment of Matthew Mannelly as Chief Executive Officer"










Leave a comment







Want to comment? Please, simply login or register.






Login

No Account yet? Register for freeForgot Password ?






Comment *





Rate this Content 

















Your email address and name will not be published
submitting a comment or rating implies your acceptance to SpecialChem Terms & Conditions


















Subscribe to newsletters

Product Newsletter

Weekly

Industry News

Weekly

Tech Solutions & Innovations Newsletter

Monthly


Subscribe














Quick Navigation


Marketing services

Online courses

Program analytics

Become an expert

About us

Careers

Contact us






Stay connected
Subscribe to our Newsletters


Subscribe

Follow us  on LinkedIn
Follow us  on Twitter
Subscribe to our  Youtube channel





Copyright © SpecialChem 2017 | Visit www.specialchem.com
Terms and Conditions | Cookie policy






Back to Top




