

Peyton Manning vs. Tom Brady Endorsements: Who's No. 1 In Commercial Appeal?
































































  U.S.EditionsAustralia EditionChina EditionIndia EditionItaly EditionJapan EditionSingapore EditionUnited KingdomUnited States Jul 26, 1:42 PM GMT  Subscribe  Search     Search     

 Sports  Peyton Manning vs. Tom Brady Endorsements: Who's No. 1 In Commercial Appeal? By  Thomas Barrabi  @TBarrabi   On 10/31/14 AT 5:11 PM             Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning (18) and New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) shake hands after the 2013 AFC championship playoff football game at Sports Authority Field at Mile High.   Photo: Reuters/Matthew Emmons-USA TODAY Sports   Within the lines of the gridiron, Peyton Manning and Tom Brady are as accomplished as pro quarterbacks come. As the two stars match up once again this Sunday in a marquee clash, both bring Super Bowl titles, passing records and near-certain locks on Hall of Fame enshrinement.Yet in another competition, one measured in endorsement dollars secured, Manning is the clear leader. With his classic good looks and supermodel wife, Brady earned some $7 million through endorsement deals last year, according to Forbes -- far less than the $12 million taken home by Manning, who out-earned every other NFL player.The gap indicates nothing about qualitative differences on the field and everything about how starpower translates into endorsement deals, say people who make their living moving product. Brady and Manning both rank as icons in American life, yet Manning brings something demonstrably more valuable -- an ability to project regular-guy cred and a sense of humor about himself.  “Peyton Manning seems like a guy you want to grab a beer with at a sports bar and talk football all day. He seems like an approachable guy,” said Tom O’Grady, a sports branding expert and chief creative officer at Gameplan Creative. “[Brady] has a little more of a ‘Hollywood’ persona, even though he’s playing in New England. If L.A. ever got a team, he’d be a great Los Angeles quarterback.”Brady has endorsement deals with Uggs, Movado watches and Glaceau Smartwater, premium brands that aim to sell to the guy in the luxury box. The affable Manning appears in commercials for Papa John’s pizza (in fact, Manning purchased 21 Papa John's locations in Colorado), DirecTV, Buick and Nationwide, which aim for the fan sitting in the bleachers. And there are many, many more fans sitting in the bleachers than in the luxury box.“Those are mainstream brands that are somewhat a reflection of Peyton. I would assume that he’s probably more comfortable supporting brands like those, just because of who he is. Those are just extensions of his own character,” O’Grady said. “The agencies have used that kind of next-door, ‘can I grab your hedgecutters?’ type of approach and he sells it very well.”“I just can’t see Peyton Manning wearing a set of Ugg boots.”Conversely, the same attributes that make it difficult for Brady to seem relatable to the common man make him the perfect pitchman for luxury products. Brady and his associates have limited his visibility, focusing on brands that establish the Patriots star as the embodiment of class. This selectivity detracts from Brady’s mass appeal but bolsters the perception that a Brady-endorsed item is a prestigious item.Gisele Bundchen’s presence may also play a role in Brady’s business decisions. The quarterback’s glamorous wife, a former Victoria’s Secret Angel, has been the world’s highest-paid model for the last eight years, with lucrative endorsements that include deals with H&M, Chanel and countless other high-fashion brands. In 2014, she joined Brady in endorsing Under Armour, a company that is pushing to compete with Nike at the pinnacle of the sports apparel industry.“They seem to feed off one another in that respect,” O’Grady said. “They’ve got this quasi-connected brand, the husband and wife thing. It’s a modern day Joe DiMaggio-Marilyn Monroe thing. There’s a certain kind of star chemistry to that, and maybe Tom’s very comfortable in those shoes.”Brady’s approach to endorsement deals is also more sustainable, argues Allen Adamson, North America region chairman at Landor Associates. A sports performance company like Gatorade will lose interest in Manning once he’s out of football, but Brady will be able to sell watches long after he retires. Manning’s willingness to promote Papa John’s discount pizza deals or wear a wig in a faux-music video could hinder his ability to go “off-market” to promote a higher-end product, Adamson said.“You have to make a choice. If you’re going to go for the premier, premium brands, you have to stay there and be that,” he said. “The minute you cross over and try to do everyday brands, you won’t be appealing anymore to the prestige brands. Manning may be making more money in the short-term, but it’s a very long game.”But for now, the quarterbacks' strategies could hardly be working better. In pursuing their off-field ventures, Brady and Manning have each established marketable personas that satisfy their unique dispositions -- and made a ton of money in the process.“If they were competing for the same products off the field, they probably wouldn’t be as successful,” O’Grady said. “It’s almost like Peyton’s like, ‘you stay out of my category, I’ll stay out of your category and we’ll both make a lot of money.’”







 

Most Read



The NewsletterExclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily.SubscribeRelated Stories Manning-Brady Rivalry Stays Interesting Manning Rips Broncos Scoreboard Operator Over Antics

Recommended



  BusinessKaspersky Antivirus Is Now Freely Available Globally The company has been testing its free antivirus in select regions for one and a half years. TechnologyScientists Find Some Of Mars' Youngest Volcanoes Could Have Supported Life Mars’ Olympus Mons is the solar system’s largest volcano. WorldThe Hidden Lives Of Queer People In The Military It has been argued that homosexuality threatens military cohesion and morale. NationalTrump Attacks Lisa Murkowski On Twitter Trump uses his Twitter account as carrot and stick.





 













Sports | International Business Times














































  U.S.EditionsAustralia EditionChina EditionIndia EditionItaly EditionJapan EditionSingapore EditionUnited KingdomUnited States Jul 26, 9:19 AM EDT  Subscribe  Search     Search      

 Sports  James Denies Reports That He Wants Irving Traded By Anthony Riccobono LeBron James says he isn't pushing for the Cleveland Cavaliers to trade Kyrie Irving. Kyrie Is The Key For Cleveland To Upset Golden State Free Agency Of LeBron, CP3, Carmelo Could Shake Up NBA  After Brief Lull, Boxing Has Big Upcoming Fights By Bobby Ilich Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor highlight what is expected to be an entertaining stretch for boxing. Odds Favor Mayweather KO Over McGregorMore StoriesYanks, A's Discussing Gray By Anthony Riccobono on 07/25/17 AT 3:49 PM The New York Yankees and Oakland Athletics continue to talk about a trade involving Sonny Gray.After Brief Lull, Boxing Has Big Upcoming Fights By Bobby Ilich on 07/25/17 AT 1:06 PM Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor highlight what is expected to be an entertaining stretch for boxing.James Denies Reports That He Wants Irving Traded By Anthony Riccobono on 07/25/17 AT 1:01 PM LeBron James says he isn't pushing for the Cleveland Cavaliers to trade Kyrie Irving.Alabama, Ohio State Lead College Football Playoff Favorites By Anthony Riccobono on 07/25/17 AT 11:33 AM The usual suspects are among the favorites to reach this year's four-team College Football Playoff.Cavs Looking To Trade Irving  By Anthony Riccobono on 07/25/17 AT 9:40 AM The situation between Kyrie Irving and LeBron James will likely be resolved with a trade.Derrick Rose Takes Meeting With Cleveland Cavaliers By Joe Difazio on 07/24/17 AT 3:42 PM Could Derrick Rose be playing with Lebron James Next year?Carmelo Could Have Interest In OKC By Anthony Riccobono on 07/24/17 AT 2:50 PM The Oklahoma City Thunder reportedly have a chance to trade for Carmelo Anthony.Kyrie Wants Out Of Cleveland Because Of LeBron By Anthony Riccobono on 07/24/17 AT 12:42 PM LeBron James is reportedly the reason why Kyrie Irving wants to be traded from the Cleveland Cavaliers.Jordan Spieth Wins The British Open  By Andrew N. White on 07/23/17 AT 5:53 PM Jordan Spieth is crowned the winner of the 2017 British Open, can he be the youngest career grand slam winner over Tiger Woods?Irving Looking To Leave Cavs By Bobby Ilich on 07/21/17 AT 6:23 PM After a career season, Kyrie Irving is interested in a deal out of Cleveland, sources told ESPN.UFC Fight Night: Weidman vs. Gastelum Betting Odds, Fight Card By Anthony Riccobono on 07/21/17 AT 1:53 PM UFC Fight Night: Weidman vs. Gastelum features four bouts on the main card.Portland Still Not An Option For Carmelo By Anthony Riccobono on 07/21/17 AT 11:44 AM The Portland Trail Blazers have the assets to acquire Carmelo Anthony in a trade, but he needs to approve a deal.Red-Hot Dodgers Consider Bullpen Upgrade By Bobby Ilich on 07/20/17 AT 6:23 PM The Los Angeles Dodgers have the best record in baseball but may still want to upgrade their roster.Odds Favor Mayweather KO Over McGregor By Anthony Riccobono on 07/20/17 AT 2:12 PM Floyd Mayweather will probably knock out Conor McGregor in their Aug. 26 super-fight.James' Short List Might Begin And End With Lakers By Bobby Ilich on 07/20/17 AT 11:17 AM LeBron James may leave Cleveland as a free agent for the second time.Porzingis Reportedly Unhappy With Knicks  By Anthony Riccobono on 07/20/17 AT 11:16 AM The New York Knicks reportedly have to repair their relationship with Kristaps Porzingis.Rumors Suggest Lesnar Is Eyeing UFC Return By Anthony Riccobono on 07/20/17 AT 9:14 AM There are rumors that Brock Lesnar is trying to fight in the UFC just a few months after SummerSlam 2017.WATCH: Mick Fanning Rescued From Shark In South Africa By Andrew N. White on 07/19/17 AT 7:59 PM Professional surfer Mick Fanning was rescued from a shark while surfing in South African waters.Betting Public, Others Think McGregor Can Upset Mayweather By Anthony Riccobono on 07/19/17 AT 2:49 PM There's a large percentage of people that think Conor McGregor can actually beat Floyd Mayweather.Magic Johnson Believes Ball Has Bright Future  By Andrew N. White on 07/19/17 AT 1:48 PM Magic Johnson was impressed by Lonzo Ball's 2017 Summer League performance.PagesNext 

Most Read



  















	Peyton Manning & Tom Brady Dual Signed Pro Football	
































































HomeNFL Football MemorabiliaDenver BroncosBroncos Autographed FootballsPeyton ManningPRODUCT ID: 6085674 















Peyton Manning & Tom Brady Dual Signed Pro Football 
													(
														View all Peyton Manning
													)
												

















Need helpunderstandingthis product?








 Click Image to Zoom
								



































 







$2,499.99









 Best Price Guarantee!







Free Shipping






																					Ships same day if ordered by 1pm EST
										
																			






Qty: 


																		1
																

																		2
																



Add To Cart






Yes, Add a Display Case!


					Only  $79.99

Showcase & Protect Your Investment
UV Coating Prevents Signature Damage
Furniture-Grade Solid Wood Base
































Description
																					This football has been personally hand-signed by Tom Brady and Peyton Manning. It is officially licensed by the National Football League and comes with an individually numbered, tamper-evident hologram from TRISTAR and Fanatics Authentic. To ensure authenticity, the hologram can be reviewed online. This process helps to ensure that the product purchased is authentic and eliminates any possibility of duplication or fraud.
										
																						 Comes fully certified with Certificate of Authenticity and tamper-evident hologram. Also backed by SportsMemorabilia.com's Authenticity Guarantee.
																														


										LOADING . . .
 
 






People Who Viewed This Item Also Viewed










				 Peyton Manning Indianapolis Colts Autographed Riddell Replica Helmet
			 


				 
																		$649.99

						
						











				 Indianapolis Colts Peyton Manning Autographed Riddell Mini Helmet
			 


				 
																		$399.99

						
						











				 Peyton Manning Denver Broncos Autographed Duke Football
			 


				 
																		$549.99

						
						











				 Peyton Manning Indianapolis Colts Autographed Riddell Replica Helmet with
			 


				 
																		$749.99

						
						











				 Peyton Manning Indianapolis Colts Autographed Riddell Mini Helmet with SB
			 


				 
																		$499.99

						
						





































  Authenticity Guarantee




Fast & Free Shipping on Most Items






Rewards


Help





My Account



















															New Customer? Start Here















0
  $0.00



						Your cart is empty.
					



Added to your cart
	




































Call us
800.689.2001







Live Chat









NFL



Signed Photos
Signed Footballs
Signed Helmets
Signed Jerseys
Signed Mini Helmets
View All



NFL TEAMS

Arizona Cardinals
Atlanta Falcons
Baltimore Colts
Baltimore Ravens
Buffalo Bills
Carolina Panthers


Chicago Bears
Cincinnati Bengals
Cleveland Browns
Dallas Cowboys
Denver Broncos
Detroit Lions


Green Bay Packers
Houston Texans
Indianapolis Colts
Jacksonville Jaguars
Kansas City Chiefs
Los Angeles Chargers


Los Angeles Raiders
Los Angeles Rams
Miami Dolphins
Minnesota Vikings
New England Patriots
New Orleans Saints


New York Giants
New York Jets
Oakland Raiders
Philadelphia Eagles
Pittsburgh Steelers
San Diego Chargers


San Francisco 49ers
Seattle Seahawks
St. Louis Rams
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Tennessee Titans
Washington Redskins



MOST POPULAR NFL PLAYERS

View All Players
Aikman, Troy
Beckham Jr., Odell
Bell, Le'Veon
Bradshaw, Terry
Brady, Tom


Brees, Drew
Brown, Antonio
Brown, Jim
Bryant, Dez
Butkus, Dick
Charles, Jamaal


Ditka, Mike
Elway, John
Green, A.J.
Gronkowski, Rob
Harris, Franco
Irvin, Michael


Jackson, Bo
Johnson, Calvin
Jones, Julio
Kelly, Jim
Lacy, Eddie
Luck, Andrew


Lynch, Marshawn
Manning, Eli
Manning, Peyton
Marino, Dan
Matthews, Clay
Montana, Joe


Namath, Joe
Payton, Walter
Peterson, Adrian
Revis, Darrelle
Rice, Jerry
Riggins, John


Rodgers, Aaron
Roethlisberger, Ben
Romo, Tony
Ryan, Matt
Sanders, Barry
Sanders, Deion


Sayers, Gale
Sherman, Richard
Smith, Emmitt
Starr, Bart
Staubach, Roger
View All Players





MLB



Signed Photos
Signed Baseballs
Signed Hats & Helmets
Signed Jerseys
Signed Bats
View All



MLB TEAMS

Arizona Diamondbacks
Atlanta Braves
Baltimore Orioles
Boston Red Sox
Brooklyn Dodgers
California Angels


Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Cincinnati Reds
Cleveland Indians
Colorado Rockies
Detroit Tigers


Florida Marlins
Houston Astros
Kansas City Royals
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
Los Angeles Dodgers
Miami Marlins


Milwaukee Braves
Milwaukee Brewers
Minnesota Twins
Montreal Expos
New York Giants (Baseball)
New York Mets


New York Yankees
Oakland Athletics
Philadelphia Phillies
Pittsburgh Pirates
San Diego Padres
San Francisco Giants


Seattle Mariners
St. Louis Cardinals
Tampa Bay Rays
Texas Rangers
Toronto Blue Jays
Washington Nationals



MOST POPULAR MLB PLAYERS

View All Players
Aaron, Hank
Arrieta, Jake
Banks, Ernie
Bench, Johnny
Berra, Yogi


Brett, George
Bryant, Kris
Bumgarner, Madison
Cabrera, Miguel
Carpenter, Matt
Correa, Carlos


deGrom, Jacob
DiMaggio, Joe
Donaldson, Josh
Ford, Whitey
Gehrig, Lou
Griffey, Jr., Ken


Harper, Bryce
Harvey, Matt
Hernandez, Felix
Jackson, Reggie
Jeter, Derek
Jones, Chipper


Kershaw, Clayton
Koufax, Sandy
Maddux, Greg
Mantle, Mickey
Maris, Roger
Mattingly, Don


Mays, Willie
McCutchen, Andrew
Munson, Thurman
Musial, Stan
Ortiz, David
Piazza, Mike


Posey, Buster
Pujols, Albert
Ripken Jr., Cal
Rivera, Mariano
Rizzo, Anthony
Robinson, Brooks


Rose, Pete
Ruth, Babe
Ryan, Nolan
Seaver, Tom
Smith, Ozzie
View All Players





NBA



Signed Photos
Signed Basketballs
NBA Plaques & Collages
Signed Jerseys
Trading Cards
View All



NBA TEAMS

Atlanta Hawks
Boston Celtics
Brooklyn Nets
Charlotte Hornets
Chicago Bulls
Cleveland Cavaliers


Dallas Mavericks
Denver Nuggets
Detroit Pistons
Golden State Warriors
Houston Rockets
Indiana Pacers


Los Angeles Clippers
Los Angeles Lakers
Memphis Grizzlies
Miami Heat
Milwaukee Bucks
Minnesota Timberwolves


New Jersey Nets
New Orleans Pelicans
New York Knicks
Oklahoma City Thunder
Orlando Magic
Philadelphia 76ers


Phoenix Suns
Portland Trail Blazers
Sacramento Kings
San Antonio Spurs
Seattle Supersonics
Toronto Raptors


Utah Jazz
Washington Wizards



MOST POPULAR NBA PLAYERS

View All Players
Abdul-Jabbar, Kareem
Anthony, Carmelo
Barkley, Charles
Baylor, Elgin
Bird, Larry


Bryant, Kobe
Butler, Jimmy
Chamberlain, Wilt
Cousins, DeMarcus
Curry, Stephen
Davis, Anthony


Duncan, Tim
Durant, Kevin
Erving, Julius
Ewing, Patrick
George, Paul
Griffin, Blake


Harden, James
Irving, Kyrie
Iverson, Allen
James, LeBron
Johnson, Magic
Jordan, Michael


Leonard, Kawhi
Lillard, Damian
Love, Kevin
Malone, Karl
Miller, Reggie
Noah, Joakim


Nowitzki, Dirk
O'Neal, Shaquille
Okafor, Jahlil
Olajuwon, Hakeem
Paul, Chris
Pippen, Scottie


Robertson, Oscar
Rondo, Rajon
Rose, Derrick
Russell, Bill
Russell, D'Angelo
Thomas, Isiah


Thompson, Klay
Towns, Karl-Anthony
Wall, John
West, Jerry
Westbrook, Russell
View All Players





NHL



Signed Photos
Signed Pucks
Plaques & Collages
Signed Jerseys
Trading Cards
View All



NHL TEAMS

Anaheim Ducks
Arizona Coyotes
Atlanta Thrashers
Boston Bruins
Buffalo Sabres
Calgary Flames


Carolina Hurricanes
Chicago Blackhawks
Colorado Avalanche
Columbus Blue Jackets
Dallas Stars
Detroit Red Wings


Edmonton Oilers
Florida Panthers
Los Angeles Kings
Minnesota Wild
Montreal Canadiens
Nashville Predators


New Jersey Devils
New York Islanders
New York Rangers
Ottawa Senators
Philadelphia Flyers
Pittsburgh Penguins


Quebec Nordiques
San Jose Sharks
St. Louis Blues
Tampa Bay Lightning
Toronto Maple Leafs
Vancouver Canucks


Washington Capitals
Winnipeg Jets



MOST POPULAR NHL PLAYERS

View All Players
Benn, Jamie
Bossy, Mike
Bourque, Ray
Brodeur, Martin
Chara, Zdeno


Crosby, Sidney
Datsyuk, Pavel
Esposito, Phil
Esposito, Tony
Giroux, Claude
Gretzky, Wayne


Hall, Taylor
Howe, Gordie
Hull, Bobby
Hull, Brett
Iginla, Jarome
Johnson, Tyler (NHL)


Kane, Patrick
Karlsson, Erik
Keith, Duncan
Kessel, Phil
Kopitar, Anze
Lafleur, Guy


Lemieux, Mario
Lundqvist, Henrik
MacKinnon, Nathan
Malkin, Evgeni
McDavid, Connor
Messier, Mark


Modano, Mike
Nash, Rick
Orr, Bobby
Ovechkin, Alex
Parise, Zach
Perry, Corey


Price, Carey
Quick, Jonathan
Rask, Tuukka
Roy, Patrick
Sakic, Joe
Seguin, Tyler


Selanne, Teemu
St. Louis, Martin
Stamkos, Steven
Subban, P.K.
Tarasenko, Vladimir
View All Players





COLLEGE



Signed Photos
Signed Footballs
Signed Helmets
Signed Jerseys
Signed Mini Helmets
View All



COLLEGE TEAMS

Alabama Crimson Tide
Arkansas Razorbacks
Auburn Tigers
Baylor Bears
Clemson Tigers
Connecticut Huskies


Duke Blue Devils
Florida Gators
Florida State Seminoles
Georgia Bulldogs
Kansas Jayhawks
Kentucky Wildcats


Louisville Cardinals
LSU Tigers
Miami Hurricanes
Michigan State Spartans
Michigan Wolverines
NC State Wolfpack


Nebraska Cornhuskers
North Carolina Tar Heels
Notre Dame Fighting Irish
Ohio State Buckeyes
Oklahoma Sooners
Oklahoma State Cowboys


Ole Miss Rebels
Oregon Ducks
Penn State Nittany Lions
South Carolina Gamecocks
Stanford Cardinal
Tennessee Volunteers


Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
UCLA Bruins
USC Trojans
Washington Huskies
West Virginia Mountaineers



MOST POPULAR COLLEGE PLAYERS

View All Players
Bowden, Bobby
Bryant, Bear
Cannon, Billy
Cassady, Hopalong
Fields, Devonte


Griffin, Archie
Holtz, Lou
Howard, Desmond
Knight, Bobby
Krzyzewski, Mike
Laettner, Christian


Meyer, Urban
Miles, Les
Paterno, Joe
Ruettiger, Rudy
Saban, Nick
Smith, Dean


Spurrier, Steve
Summitt, Pat
Tebow, Tim
Walker, Herschel
Ward, Charlie
Wooden, John


View All Players





MORE SPORTS


 

											Tennis
										



											Golf
										



											Boxing
										



											Soccer
										




 

											NASCAR
										



											UFC
										



											Wrestling
										



											Extreme Sports
										




 

											Olympic
										



											Horse Racing
										







CASES



NFL Cases
MLB Cases
NBA Cases
NHL Cases




NCAA Cases
NASCAR Cases
Boxing Cases
Golf Cases




Tennis Cases
Other Cases
All Cases







GAME-USED



NFL Game-Used
MLB Game-Used




NBA Game-Used
NHL Game-Used




NCAA Game-Used
All Game-Used







CARDS



NFL Cards
MLB Cards
NBA Cards
NHL Cards
UFC Trading Cards




Wrestling Cards
Boxing Cards
College Trading Cards
Golf Cards
NASCAR Trading Cards




Soccer Cards
Tennis Cards
All Cards







NEW



NFL New Arrivals
MLB New Arrivals




NBA New Arrivals
NHL New Arrivals




NCAA New Arrivals
All New Arrivals







OUTLET



NFL
MLB
NBA




NHL
NCAA
View All




Deals of the Week
















Let Us Help You


 (800) 689-2001


 +44 20 7048-4063

Corporate & Volume Sales
FAQ
Contact Us



Worry Free Shopping

Authenticity Guarantee
Hologram Verification
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Shipping
Returns & Exchanges


Deals

Deal Of The Week
Clearance
Rewards Program



Information

About Us
Affiliate Program
Articles
Blog
All Athletes
All Items
All Teams



Follow Us



















			A: 
			C: 

AA		




Trusted Business







Payment Options





Secure Shopping







	    
	©2017, SportsMem, Inc. All rights reserved
















My Viewed
1




My Cart
0
Checkout






My Cart


Save Cart
| Email Cart










Your Shopping Cart is empty.
Continue shopping at SportsMemorabilia.com, learn about today's deals, or check out our new arrivals!







 


My Recently Viewed













Peyton Manning & Tom Brady Dual Signed Pro Football

$2,499.99















Email your shopping cart to a friend!





Email cart

Keep me informed about SportsMemorabilia.com special offers, exclusive products, and new product information.









Enter email to save cart

email me

Keep me informed about SportsMemorabilia.com special offers, exclusive products, and new product information.













Resume







TOM MANNING & ASSOCIATES
Manufacturers Agents to the RV/MH Industry




Home
Personnel
Vendors
Featured Product
Contact Us























       
Manufacturers Agents 
Established 1982
 







Experience







 
Tom Manning & Associates, Inc. employs over 185 years of experience directly related to the Recreational Vehicle and Manufactured Housing Industries, including both O.E.M. and After Market accounts.
 







Territory







 
Distribution accounts are routinely serviced on a National level through personal visits by our outside sales staff as well as phone support provided by the in house staff. In more regional markets, these efforts are extended to key dealers in support of the Distributor partners.
 







Markets






 
Predominant markets include Recreational Vehicle and Manufactured Housing After Markets; however, the O.E.M. market is a strong second. Lastly, limited services in the Marine Industry are provided.








Associations







 
Recreational Vehicle Dealers Association, Recreational Vehicle After Market Association, Manufacturers' Agents National Association, Michigan Area Recreational Vehicle and Campground Association, Texas Recreational Vehicle Association, Pennsylvania Recreational Vehicle Association, Missouri Recreational Vehicle Association, National Marine Distributors Association.
 

















 



Website powered by Network Solutions®




















Manning Tom in Casper, WY 82601 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Wyoming
» Casper
» Investment Banking & Securities Dealers & Brokers
» Manning Tom













Manning Tom


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





904 S Center St  Casper, Wyoming 82601


(307) 235-4112
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Manning Tom is located at the address 904 S Center St in Casper, Wyoming 82601.  They can be contacted via phone at (307) 235-4112 for pricing, hours and directions.  Manning Tom specializes in Equipment, IRAs, Construction.  For more information go to www.lpl.comManning Tom provides Amended Returns, Term Life Insurance, Business Valuations to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Manning Tom view the map to the right.  For reviews of Manning Tom see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Home Loans
, Futures
, Corporate Bonds
, Senior Plans
, VA Loans
, Credit Cards
, Employee Benefits
, Rollover Plans
, Business Continuation Plans
, Surety Bonds



SERVICES


Amended Returns
, IRS Information
, Residential Claims
, Refund Anticipation Loans
, Financial Services
, Business Valuations
, Term Life Insurance
, Auditing
, Long Term Planning
, Investment Planning


 BRANDS


Great Plains
, Mutual Of Omaha
, Peachtree
, Prudential
, Microsoft


 SPECIALTIES


Estate Planning & Trusts
, Sales Tax Issues
, Estate Planning
, Construction
, Hospital Confinement Indemnity
, IRAs
, Equipment
, Avocations
, Business Management Consulting
, Computer Consulting



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (307) 235-4112
Website: www.lpl.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Corporate Name: Lpl Financial Corporation
CATEGORIES:


Investment Banking & Securities Dealers & Brokers
Financial Planning
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Ubs Financial Services Inc


120 S Durbin st Ste 100  Casper, Wyoming 82601




James F Clark Oil Co


Po Box 472  Casper, Wyoming 82602




Wercs Communications


400 E 1st St Ste 214 Casper, Wyoming 82601




Yellowstone Partners


104 S Wolcott St Ste 740 Casper, Wyoming 82601




Raymond James Financial Svc


123 W 1st St Ste 110 Casper, Wyoming 82601




LOMBARD SECURITIES INC


3870 Brookview Dr  Casper, Wyoming 82604





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM















Vendors







TOM MANNING & ASSOCIATES
Manufacturers Agents to the RV/MH Industry




Home
Personnel
Vendors
Featured Product
Contact Us






















Representing The Following Companies
















Sta-Put, Gas Props, Electric Brakes, and Fasteners










Air Suspension Systems










Elkhart Supply - Water Tubing Fittings, Molded Connectors



















Towing, Wash Brushes, Cameras and Accessories










Roller Shades, Pleated Shades and Doors










Mobile Antennas



















Rust Corrision, Encapsulator, Treatments










TV Mounts, Suspension Products, Slide Trays










Propane & Carbon Monoxide Detectors



















Lavator and Kitchen Faucets










5th Wheel & Undercarriage Towing Systems










Tailgates, Steps, Handgrips, Jacks



















On-Demand Tankless RV Water Heater System










Electrical Adapters and Cords










Power Inverters



















 



Website powered by Network Solutions®
















why does tom brady not have any endorsements with popular products or companies? | Yahoo Answers




































     ⌂HomeMailSearchNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityWeatherAnswersFlickrMobileMore⋁PoliticsMoviesMusicTVGroupsStyleBeautyTechShoppingInstall the new Firefox »   Yahoo Answers                        👤 Sign in    ✉ Mail     ⚙ Help    Account Info Help Suggestions Send Feedback        






















Answers Home











All Categories
 
Arts & Humanities
 
Beauty & Style
 
Business & Finance
 
Cars & Transportation
 
Computers & Internet
 
Consumer Electronics
 
Dining Out
 
Education & Reference
 
Entertainment & Music
 
Environment
 
Family & Relationships
 
Food & Drink
 
Games & Recreation
 
Health
 
Home & Garden
 
Local Businesses
 
News & Events
 
Pets
 
Politics & Government
 
Pregnancy & Parenting
 
Science & Mathematics
 
Social Science
 
Society & Culture
 
Sports
 
Travel
 
Yahoo Products
 





International








Argentina





Australia





Brazil





Canada





France





Germany





India





Indonesia





Italy





Malaysia





Mexico







New Zealand





Philippines





Quebec





Singapore





Taiwan





Hong Kong





Spain





Thailand





UK & Ireland





Vietnam





Espanol







About





About Answers
Community Guidelines
Leaderboard
Knowledge Partners
Points & Levels
Blog
Safety Tips

 








 Sports

 Football (American)


 Next 










            Why does tom brady not have any endorsements with popular products or companies?
        


payton manning is in almost everything, why not brady? 

(spare me the "because he sucks" or "because he is overrated" comments please....)





 
Follow 


 
 20 answers 
20


Report Abuse









Are you sure you want to delete this answer?
Yes
No












 









Sorry, something has gone wrong.



Trending Now




Lea Michele




Puddles the clown




Kim Zolciak




Kasey Kahne




Highest Rated Mattress




Time Warner




Jared Leto




Background Check




Michelle Obama




Swizz Beatz





 

Answers


Relevance


Rating
Newest
Oldest














Best Answer: 
             Actually I just saw him in a magazine, he was the face of "Stetson" cologne... and may I say he looked mighty fine!  It was in my Self magazine...I'm sure you can google it if you want to see it. 




 Source(s): 
 


shannon v
 · 10 years ago 





2
Thumbs up



3
Thumbs down





Report Abuse


Comment





 




Add a comment











Submit












 · just now






















 Up until this past year, he wasn't quite as idolized or as people friendly as Manning has been. Since Manning has the Louisiana background and more people view him as a good guy on and off the field. Is this attacking Brady's credibility? Not at all... I bet he has denied most commercial offers he has gotten (because of his high position, he HAS to be getting offers... everyone of his status has gotten at least one offer.) I think that he has turned down most the endorsements he's been offered.





 Anonymous 
 · 10 years ago 




1
Thumbs up



0
Thumbs down





Report Abuse


Comment







 




Add a comment











Submit












 · just now























 Peyton Manning





may
 · 1 year ago 




0
Thumbs up



0
Thumbs down





Report Abuse


Comment







 




Add a comment











Submit












 · just now





















 Humble Guy Angela? He is such an @ss hole! Example : watchi his press conferences and how he acted today against that safety from the steelers. You want a humble guy? Tony Romo, he would never act like Tom Brady.





Tech Golfer
 · 10 years ago 




3
Thumbs up



0
Thumbs down





Report Abuse


Comment







 




Add a comment











Submit












 · just now





















 Tom turns down most offers to do commercials.  Peyton has never turned down a commercial.  Tom is all about football.  He included his offensive line in a visa commercial, that was for the team.





Kimmy is a hot babe
 · 10 years ago 




0
Thumbs up



0
Thumbs down





Report Abuse


Comment







 




Add a comment











Submit












 · just now





















 I've not a clue. Maybe they aren't fans of him. Plus, Manning's already endorsing everything under the sun.





fluorescent adolescent
 · 10 years ago 




0
Thumbs up



1
Thumbs down





Report Abuse


Comment







 




Add a comment











Submit












 · just now























 Because, when he does endorse a product, he requires that his O-Line be incluced in the commercials.. he (they) have done ads for Visa, Dunkin Donuts, and other companies... most are too cheap to pay for the entire O-line





Foggy Idea
 · 10 years ago 




1
Thumbs up



2
Thumbs down





Report Abuse


Comment







 




Add a comment











Submit












 · just now





















 Not sure.  Maybe he hasn't pursued any major endorsements, maybe because people simply don't like him and the companies put Manning ahead of him.





G-Man
 · 10 years ago 




3
Thumbs up



1
Thumbs down





Report Abuse


Comment







 




Add a comment











Submit












 · just now





















 More than likely because he doesnt want to endorse anything, im sure hes been offered but has just turned it down......





Below Me
 · 10 years ago 




2
Thumbs up



1
Thumbs down





Report Abuse


Comment







 




Add a comment











Submit












 · just now





















 as you said spare me he sucks comments you wouldnt have wrote that if a ton of people didnt like him so enought people DONT like him that they arent putting him on products  thats my guess or cuz he costs too much





umymansdoe
 · 10 years ago 




1
Thumbs up



1
Thumbs down





Report Abuse


Comment







 




Add a comment











Submit












 · just now





















 Because he is an arrogant jerk and no company wants him to represent them.





lamuffluver4
 · 10 years ago 




0
Thumbs up



0
Thumbs down





Report Abuse


Comment







 




Add a comment











Submit












 · just now













 
Pagination
 1
 2
 next



Report Abuse

 I think this question violates the Community Guidelines 
Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more
I think this question violates the Terms of Service
Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more

Additional Details

If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our  Copyright/IP Policy

Report Abuse


Cancel




Report Abuse

 I think this answer violates the Community Guidelines 
Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more
I think this answer violates the Terms of Service
Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more

Additional Details

If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our  Copyright/IP Policy

Report Abuse


Cancel




Report Abuse

 I think this comment violates the Community Guidelines 
Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more
I think this comment violates the Terms of Service
Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more

Additional Details

If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our  Copyright/IP Policy

Report Abuse


Cancel



 

Maybe you would like to learn more about one of these?


What about an exercise bike?

Get Fit, Personal Trainers

How to treat the cold and flu?

Car insurance too expensive?












Ask a question
usually answered in minutes!







Expand»






Details



Details






Existing questions




More





Tell us some more
Upload in Progress




Upload failed. Please upload a file larger than 100x100 pixels
We are experiencing some problems, please try again.
You can only upload files of type PNG, JPG, or JPEG.
You can only upload files of type 3GP, 3GPP, MP4, MOV, AVI, MPG, MPEG, or RM.
You can only upload photos smaller than 5 MB.
You can only upload videos smaller than 600MB.
You can only upload a photo (png, jpg, jpeg) or a video (3gp, 3gpp, mp4, mov, avi, mpg, mpeg, rm).
You can only upload a photo or a video.
Video should be smaller than <b>600mb/5 minutes</b>
Photo should be smaller than <b>5mb</b>
Video should be smaller than <b>600mb/5 minutes</b>Photo should be smaller than <b>5mb</b>
  







Related Questions


Whose more popular? Tom Brady or Peyton Manning?



 

Tom Brady is just a product of a system?



 

Reuters: Tom Brady "Patriots more popular than Jesus"?



 
More questions





Belichick pulls Tom Brady and company with over 5:30 left in the game. What other team does that?



 

Tom Brady / Willie McGinest in denial?



 
 

Answer Questions


Defensive end?



 

Why can't others in sec close gap on alabama?every year,same:alabama rules?



 

Football ~ Rank the following seasons from best to worse?



 

Packers win weak nfc north,get slaughtered in playoffs?



 


Trending




Do you agree with the #2 football expert that Franco Harris was the greatest RB of all time?

                  14 answers
              

 

Yes or no: the detroit lions will win a superbowl with matt stafford as their quarterback?

                  13 answers
              

 

Football ~ Who are your all time favorite players ?

                  9 answers
              

 
More questions





Football ~ How would you describe Dan Fouts legacy ?

             12 answers
         

 

Which route is smarter?

             11 answers
         

 

Dallas Cowboys are going to win the next 10 Super Bowls?

             24 answers
         

 

  








Terms


Privacy


AdChoices


RSS




















Product Video by Tom Manning | Voices.com





























































POST A JOB


















































Tom Manning
5.0

 / 5 






Tom Manning

														Butler, New Jersey, US
					



Request a Quote










Bio
Demos
Reviews







Tom Manning5.0 / 5 1 Reviews

Tom Manning

                                          Butler, New Jersey, US
                










 

 



Request a Quote




Bio
Demos
Reviews











                Product Video
            


 1
                









About
Share
Embed








 US General American (GenAm)
                                    


Category
Internet
Language
English (North American)
Description

Professional voice over demo by Tom Manning hosted by Voices.com







Player Size


Small (Default)
Medium
Large
Custom


 px
                            

Player Type



Dark Player
Light Player





































                                Not implemented
                            

Code
Copy and paste the code below into your website or blog.
<iframe class='player-frame' src='https://www.voices.com/player/demo/RGVtbzoyMjQ3Mjc/light-standard-4' seamless scrolling='no' frameborder='0' allowTransparency='true' style='width: 100%; border: 0; background-color: transparent; overflow: hidden; height: 38px '></iframe>







Request a Quote

 


Request a Quote










Voice Talent
Tom Manning

Demos















Best Quarterbacks in History: Peyton Manning Ahead of Tom Brady? - Pats Pulpit
































































clock
menu
more-arrow



















                Pats Pulpit
              



a New England Patriots community












Log In or Sign Up



Log In


Sign Up












          All 319 blogs on






















            Patriots News
            
          



            Opinion and Analysis
            
          



          Contribute!
          
            



FanPosts


FanShots


Write For Pats Pulpit!





          About the Site
          
            




List of Patriots Twitter Accounts


Write For Pats Pulpit!


New User Welcome and Commenting Guide




Community Guidelines


Masthead






            Topics
            
              




Patriots Off-Season Coverage


Patriots Opinion/Analysis


Patriots News




Patriots Draft Coverage


Sportfolio Management


Full Archive






            Patriots
            
              




Stories


Schedule


Roster


Stats




Yahoo Patriots News


Yahoo Patriots Team Page


Yahoo Patriots Report




Yahoo Patriots Depth Chart


Yahoo Patriots Transactions


Yahoo Patriots Photos






            Odds
            
          



            Shop
            
          



            StubHub
            
          

✕















Patriots Opinion/Analysis





Best Quarterbacks in History: Peyton Manning Ahead of Tom Brady?




    New,
  


      109
    
comments




Football historian Brad Oremland has ranked the top 101 quarterbacks in NFL history, and has Peyton Manning ahead of Tom Brady. Here's why he's wrong.

  
    by

    
Rich Hill@PP_Rich_Hill


        Jul  8, 2015,  8:00am EDT
      








          
            tweet
          
        






          
            share
          
        






          
            pin
          
        






          
            Rec
          
        
















Matthew Emmons-USA TODAY Sports



I really respect Football Perspective and all of the work that Chase Stuart and company have produced over the years. They've helped better the world's understanding of advanced statistics and historical perspective. Guest writer and football historian Brad Oremland just completed his list of "The 101 Best Quarterbacks in NFL History" and it's a truly tremendous work. I don't have the knowledge or background to compile a list as thoroughly as Oremland, and for that I respect his product.
The list includes the like of Matt Hasselbeck, Doug Flutie, and Drew Bledsoe. It has Eli Manning ahead of Andrew Luck, but behind Russell Wilson. It has John Elway at 12th overall.
It has Tom Brady at 7th and Peyton Manning at 1st.
Oremland makes a compelling argument as to why Manning should be considered the "best" quarterback of all time- especially because "best" is a subjective measure. He notes that Manning will likely hold all of the cumulative quarterback records by the time he retires, with regards to both production and regular season awards. He highlights that a record seven different players have posted 1,000 yards receiving under Manning, and six of them haven't posted a 1,000 yard season without Manning (the next closest quarterback has four unique receivers).
Manning's made the playoffs with each head coach that he's had, and he's done it all throughout his career. His playoff performances fluctuate between outstanding and ghastly, but his bustitutde is overblown. Oremland calls Manning an artist, with his visionary approach to pre-snap reads and audibles changing the modern game.
As a whole, the argument on behalf of Manning as the best quarterback of all time hinges on his total production, his individual accolades, the length of his career, and the drop in performance by the Colts when Manning was injured. That's fine.
So with his support of Manning in mind, let's do a line-by-line breakdown of his Tom Brady analysis.

7. Tom BradyNew England Patriots, 2000-1453,258 yards, 392 TD, 143 INT, 95.9 rating
Like John Elway or Roger Staubach, a multiple Super Bowl loser famous for his clutch play.

An interesting way to use the phrase "a multiple Super Bowl loser," as if that's supposed to be evidence against the claim of his "clutch play."

Tom Brady's career has something to please everyone. He has career milestones like 350 TDs and 50,000 yards. He has four Super Bowl rings and three Super Bowl MVPs. He's been regular season MVP twice, he's thrown for 5,000 yards in a season, 50 TDs in a season, a 117.2 passer rating. No matter what measure you prefer, Tom Brady is one of the greatest quarterbacks ever to play.

This is all true.

Brady spent a few years throwing to Randy Moss and Wes Welker, and Rob Gronkowski could become the greatest tight end of all time if he stays healthy. But for much of his career, Brady has played with no-name receivers. Sometimes he's had a running game, and sometimes not. For most of the last decade, there have been questions about New England's defense. No matter who else is on the team, Bill Belichick and Brady find ways to succeed. Such dramatic shifts in approach are not unprecedented, but they're very rare.

Also true. Brady had Moss for two and a quarter seasons, and one of those years was his recovery from a torn ACL. Moss combined for 2,757 yards and 36 touchdowns during the 2007 and 2009 seasons. He had the undrafted Wes Welker for six record breaking seasons (Welker had a down 2010 due to a torn ACL). Rob Gronkowski is the best tight end in football, but even he's finished three of the past four seasons as an injured mess.

I really don't have anything negative to say about Tom Brady, but I suppose I need to explain why he "only" ranks seventh — and in particular, some readers will require me to explain why I rank Brady beneath Peyton Manning.

They are contemporaries, so that makes sense.

Let's begin with the Manning comparison. I think most fans would agree that Brady and Manning have been roughly equal from 2005-14. During those years, Manning was 113-31 as starter, compared to 112-33 for Brady. Each has one Super Bowl victory (and two Super Bowl losses), with one Super Bowl MVP (Brady's others came prior to '05). It's hard to find much difference there. Likewise with passing stats:
Search:Quarterback	Att	Yds	NY/A	Rating	TD	TO	+/-Manning	5317	39,385	7.4	101.4	323	129	194Brady	5384	38,415	7.0	99.2	307	112	195
Okay, so we're agreed that there's not much difference over the last 10 seasons.

This ignores that Manning spent half that time frame in a dome, which absolutely leads to higher statistical performances, and it also conveniently cuts off at nine seasons played, to remove both a Brady Super Bowl and Manning's best season as a quarterback.
Since 2005, Manning's top five receivers (by yards) have been 1st round pick Reggie Wayne, 1st round pick Demaryius Thomas, 1st round pick Dallas Clark, 1st round pick Marvin Harrison, and 3rd round pick Eric Decker. His top three running backs (by yards) have been 1st round pick Joseph Addai, 1st round pick Knowshon Moreno, and 1st round pick Edgerrin James. It should be noted that all of these players were drafted by Manning's team.
In comparison, Brady's top five receivers are undrafted (acquired by trade) Wes Welker, 2nd round pick Rob Gronkowski, 1st round pick (acquired by trade) Randy Moss, 7th round pick Julian Edelman, and 2nd round pick (acquired by trade) Deion Branch. His top three running backs have been 3rd round pick Stevan Ridley, 1st round pick Laurence Maroney, and undrafted BenJarvus Green-Ellis.
When Bill Belichick says that it's important for the chef to purchase the ingredients, it's absolutely obvious that Manning's shopping in the gourmet aisle, while Brady is buying second-hand. When comparing the statistical production of Manning and Brady after 2005, it's critical to highlight that Manning has been playing within a far more talented offense.

The question is whether Brady was a greater QB, from 2001-04, than Manning from 1998-2004.
The answer is no. Through '04, Brady made two Pro Bowls and won two Super Bowl MVP Awards. Manning made five Pro Bowls and won two NFL MVP Awards. Brady passed for almost 13,000 yards, Manning for almost 30,000. Manning had six 4,000-yard seasons, Brady none. Manning broke the single-season records for TDs (49) and passer rating (121.1), while Brady's single-season highs were 28 and 92.6, respectively. Manning had a perfect passer rating (158.3) in a playoff game, which Brady has never done, and led a 21-point comeback in the final five minutes of a Monday Night Football game against the defending Super Bowl champions, which no one else has done.

Ignoring that this a flawed method of comparison that highlights, circles, and underlines the fact that Oremland values volume, and that he rounds Brady's 13,919 yards to "almost 13,000" and Manning's 29,442 yards to "almost 30,000", we have something to work with.
We are comparing seven seasons of Manning to four seasons of Brady. Peyton averaged roughly 2 attempts and completions more per game than Brady, for a 1.9% greater completion rate, including 38.4 more yards per game and a touchdown rate of 0.8% greater than Brady.
Of course, Manning's 2004 is a major outlier (remember that arbitrary nine season cut-off) compared to his 1998-2003 seasons. Brady's four seasons from 2001-2004 yield near identical touchdown rates to Manning's 1998-2003, and also features an interception rate 0.7% better. Manning had a better yards per attempt by 0.45, but more on that in a bit.

For their careers, Brady has thrown fewer completions, with a lower completion percentage. Many fewer yards, and fewer yards per attempt. Fewer touchdowns, and a lower TD%. More sacks for more yards, and many more fumbles. He does have a lot fewer interceptions and a better INT%. He's less wild than Manning, and he doesn't seem to get rattled or frustrated as easily.

I'd add that he also has fewer attempts per game, but yes, Manning's rates are superior. But again, here's that dome effect in play. Per Mr. Dan Marowni, quarterbacks complete passes at a 2.6% greater rate indoors than outdoors, their touchdown rate is 0.7% greater, and average 0.6 more yards per attempt. Manning's career completion rate is 1.8% better than Brady's, his touchdown rate is 0.4% better, and he averages 0.3 more yards per attempt. All of that falls within a potential realm of indoor benefit.
Coincidentally, Manning has played exactly 50% of his games inside, so a fairly easy projection could be made for Brady under the same circumstances.

             


Split
G
Cmp
Att
Cmp%
Yds
Y/A
YPG
TD
TD%
Int
INT%
Rate


Brady 50/50
209
4477
6882
65.1%
54569
7.93
261.1
409
5.9%
167
2.4%
99.3


Manning 50/50
256
5927
9049
65.5%
69691
7.70
272.2
530
5.9%
234
2.6%
97.5



If Brady had the same indoor/outdoor split as Manning, his rates would be nearly identical to Manning's, and he's done it with a much weaker supporting cast.
As for Brady's composure...


It's to Brady's credit that he's played well without elite receivers, but it's also true that he hasn't looked like the best in the game without weapons like Welker and Gronkowski. That doesn't apply to Manning. Edgerrin James left, and the Colts won the Super Bowl. Marvin Harrison retired, and Manning won NFL MVP. And then we all said, well, okay, but it's not like Reggie Wayne is chopped liver. So Manning overcame a career-threatening neck injury, switched to an entirely different team, with entirely new receivers, and set single-season records for yardage and TDs. Eric Decker left in free agency and Welker got suspended, so Manning turned Emmanuel Sanders into a Pro Bowler. Every receiver Manning plays with turns into a superstar.

What does "weapons like Welker and Gronkowski" mean? It doesn't apply to Peyton, because Manning has never played without a weapon like Harrison, or Wayne, or Thomas. Manning's number two weapon has gone from Marshall Faulk and Edgerrin James, to Reggie Wayne, Dallas Clark, and a season of Pierre Garcon, to Eric Decker and Emmanuel Sanders. Harrison, Wayne, Faulk, and James are all Hall of Fame worthy.
Brady had a couple seasons of Wes Welker and Julian Edelman as his #2 target, but David Patten, David Givens, Ben Watson (in the Reche Caldwell season), post-Seahawks Deion Branch, Brandon Lloyd, and Danny Amendola have been his second options. Only Wes Welker and maybe Edelman would have had the chance to crack any of Peyton's starting line-ups.
And sure, Manning switched teams, already stacked with talent, and managed to set records in their second season. In that second year, Brady met Manning in the 2013 AFC Championship with receivers who picked up less than 30% of the Patriots 2012 receiving yards.

In fact, Brady's been the center point of three of the six largest receiver turnovers in league history. And in each year, he brought the Patriots to the AFC Championship game (and even lost to Peyton in two of them).
"Every receiver Manning plays with turns into a superstar" is a little bit much. As Oremland stated, Manning hasn't been lining up with chopped liver. He's been lining up with multiple top players and, yes, of course he makes them better. But Deion Branch would top out as Peyton's third most talented receiver in any given year. Kenbrell Thompkins wouldn't make the roster.
In the two seasons that the Patriots featured offensive talent that could rival Peyton's talent (2007 and 2011), Brady's numbers were right in line with Manning's top years. And that quarterback with four unique 1,000-yard receivers that was second to Manning? That's Brady (Troy Brown, Wes Welker, Rob Gronkowski, Julian Edelman), and he didn't have the benefit of joining a brand new team to add to his counter.

I just don't know how you look at these two QBs and conclude that Brady is more critical to his team than Manning. It doesn't match up in the eye test, the passing stats, the receivers, or the team results. When Brady missed the 2008 season, the Patriots still went 11-5. When Manning missed the 2011 season, the Colts dropped to 2-14.

How about framing it this way: The Patriots went 18-1 to 11-5 (net loss of 7 wins) from Brady to Matt Cassel (who is still considered a starter, albeit a terrible one, in the league) against the easiest NFL schedule since the realignment in 2002, while Manning's Colts went from 10-7 to 2-14 (net loss of 8 wins) with two rookies and a third new starter on the offensive line, and two quarterbacks that have a 2-18 combined career record and neither of whom have started a game since their disastrous 2011 with the Colts.
It's not a fair comparison when Brady's replacement made the Pro Bowl with the Kansas City Chiefs, while Manning's replacements couldn't find their way out of the locker room.
Additionally, the 2007 Patriots scored a record setting 3.46 points per drive (PPD), while the 2008 Patriots scored 2.48 PPD. The Colts fell from 2.37 PPD in 2010 to 1.24 PPD in 2011 (and if we want to use standard deviations, the Patriots fell from 3.28 to 1.51, while the Colts fell from 1.34 to -1.14). The Matt Cassel-led Patriots attack was so stacked and played such weak competition, they performed better than the 2010 Peyton Manning-led Colts offense. For what that's worth.

Tom Brady has been one of the best QBs in the league for over a decade. He's passed for 50,000 yards, nearly 400 TDs, and he's never thrown 15 or more INTs in any season. He holds several postseason records, he's started in six Super Bowls, quarterbacked four Super Bowl winners, and won three Super Bowl MVPs. He's an obvious Hall of Famer, a great quarterback by any measure.

Several? How about nearly all the postseason records, including fourth quarter comebacks and game winning drives. Oremland highlights Manning's 2006 comeback against the Patriots, but neglects to mention that game is the only time that Manning has ever comeback to win or led a game winning drive in the playoffs.

The idea that he's the greatest ever — better than his contemporary Manning, or better than fellow four-time champion Joe Montana — I think represents incomplete, over-simplified analysis or recency bias.

This could also very well be true, although no other quarterback in NFL history has enjoyed the same degree of statistical, individual, and team success as Tom Brady.

The idea that Brady might be the best QB in Super Bowl history is absurd: Joe Montana and Terry Bradshaw, at least, are comfortably ahead of him. Brady is still a good player, and it's likely he will rise on this list before his career is over.

There's no question that Montana's four Super Bowls are fantastic, although some might point at his 14/22, 157 yards and 1 touchdown in his first Super Bowl as a lackluster performance.
But the Terry Bradshaw who went 9/14 for 94 yards and 1 touchdown in his first Super Bowl? Or the Terry Bradshaw that went 14/21 for 309, 2 touchdowns and 3 interceptions in his fourth Super Bowl?
No way.
Of quarterbacks with at least 10 pass attempts in four or more Super Bowls (Bradshaw didn't break 20 attempts in two of his, and Jim Kelly was injured in his third Super Bowl and only had 7 attempts), Brady stacks up well against them all. There's Montana, Bradshaw, Brady, John Elway, and Roger Staubach.
Staubach had a stinker against Bradshaw's Steelers in 1975, going 15/24 for 204 yards, 2 touchdowns, and 3 interceptions. Elway had three lousy performances in 1987, 1989, and 1997, combining for 36/86 (42%) for 488 total yards, 1 touchdown, and 6 interceptions.
Brady's weakest outing was his 29/48, 266 yards, 1 touchdown, and 0 interception game against the Giants in 2007. Of the "stinkers", his is better than anyone else's.
If there's any playoff quarterback that Brady might be chasing, it's Montana and Montana alone, and even that argument is fading. Brady shouldn't be penalized for attending two more Super Bowls than Montana, and Montana has the edge in one-and-dones with 4 out of 11 seasons, versus just 2 out of 12 for Brady.
There's no question in my mind that Manning and Brady both rank in the top five quarterbacks of all time (along with Joe Montana, Johnny Unitas, and Bart Starr), and the order just comes down to personal preference. Oremland prefers to value quarterbacks on cumulative individual statistics (as exampled by his usage of Brady's first four seasons and Manning's first seven as a justifiable tiebreaker, and the disregard for full evaluation and appreciation for the difference in quality of supporting cast).
Others value championships, and others highlight individual accolades. It's impossible to separate the quarterback's individual performance from that of the team when looking through a statistical lens. Offenses hinge upon the success of the lineman and the quality of the skill players. Team success will not come unless the defensive side of the ball performs at critical times. Brady is just as close to 6-0 in Super Bowls as he is to 1-5.
As Oremland notes, Brady will continue to climb the ladder as he marches down the winter of his career. He will leap John Elway into 5th all-time in pass attempts this upcoming season to match his 5th place in passer rating and passing yards- he'll need two more seasons to pass Dan Marino in yards. With 29 touchdown passes, he'll jump Marino into 4th all-time in touchdown passes, and if he throws for four more touchdowns than Drew Brees, Brady will rank 3rd. He's 2nd in all-time interception rate, and with two fourth quarter comebacks he'll rank 2nd as well (he's had nine over the past two seasons).
In fact, if Brady is able to play at his current level for at least three more seasons after Manning retires (to match the three season head start Manning received at the beginning of his career), it wouldn't be a surprise to see him match or pass Manning's accumulation of regular season statistics.
I don't think there's much argument over who is the more talented quarterback; just like how Manning was the most talented quarterback for the first half of Brady's career, so has Aaron Rodgers been the most talented for the second half. From my perspective, talent alone doesn't make a player the "best".
For all of the reasons that Oremland lists for justification that Manning is the best in the history of the league (other than the Most Valuable Peyton awards), it's hard to overlook that Brady should be right alongside him, if not ahead, for the exact same reasons.






More From
Pats Pulpit



How will the Patriots fill their two open roster spots heading into training camp?


Patriots veterans will report to training camp today


Patriots WR Andrew Hawkins announces retirement


Patriots DE Rob Ninkovich on playing for another team: “I wouldn’t do that”


New England Patriots links 7/25/17 - Pre-camp questions, projections and predictions


Ranking the RB units the Patriots will face in 2017
















      
        
          Trending
        
      
    










Patriots WR Andrew Hawkins announces retirement

Two months after joining the team, the veteran calls it quits.









Rob Ninkovich on playing for another team: “I wouldn’t do that”

It sound as if the veteran plans on ending his career in New England.









New England Patriots links 7/25/17 - Pre-camp questions, projections and predictions

Daily news and links for Tuesday









Patriots have reportedly been in talks with free agent CB Brandon Flowers

The free agent, per ESPN's Adam Schefter, will also visit the Cardinals.









How will the Patriots fill their two open roster spots heading into camp?

New England currently has 88 players under contract.















      Find Tickets
    






Thu
              Aug 10
            

Jacksonville Jaguars @ New England Patriots
 7:30 PM - Gillette Stadium - Foxborough, MA
1,000 tickets available






Thu
              Aug 31
            

New York Giants @ New England Patriots
 7:30 PM - Gillette Stadium - Foxborough, MA
1,386 tickets available










  This Article has a component height of 77. The sidebar size is long.












Loading comments...


















          
            tweet
          
        






          
            share
          
        





















