






ManServants, Inc | Experiential Marketing & Talent Agency 
























































































Chivalry in the Age of Beyonce

























Experiential MarketingThe Ladies of ManServantsFebruary 22, 2016
Moda Operandi @ NYFW
It's raining men at New York Fashion Week. Moda Operandi dispatched ManServants equipped with branded umbrellas to bear the elements. 
Experiential MarketingThe Ladies of ManServantsFebruary 22, 2016








Social ContentThe Ladies of ManServantsFebruary 15, 2016
Benefit Cosmetics
To promote two product launches, Benefit Cosmetics & ManServants came together to spoil the internet.
Social ContentThe Ladies of ManServantsFebruary 15, 2016








Deliveries & GiftsThe Ladies of ManServantsDecember 28, 2015
Estée Lauder | ADF
Aramis & Designer Fragrances (of the Estee Lauder Companies) gifted ManServants to beauty editors as a surprise treat for the holidays. 
Deliveries & GiftsThe Ladies of ManServantsDecember 28, 2015








Experiential MarketingThe Ladies of ManServantsNovember 23, 2015
Armani
Armani requested a group of handsome gentlemen to drive branded Vespas for a live, all-day event in promotion of the Emporio Armani Vespa 946.
Experiential MarketingThe Ladies of ManServantsNovember 23, 2015








Social ContentThe Ladies of ManServantsOctober 15, 2015
FUNBOY
Instagram’s wet dream. The luxury float company paired with ManServants for a content shoot in Palm Springs. 
Social ContentThe Ladies of ManServantsOctober 15, 2015








Event StaffingThe Ladies of ManServantsOctober 12, 2015
Kardashians @ Cosmo's 50th
PR agency BWR ordered 20 ManServants to create an unforgettable Cosmo birthday moment with the Kardashians.  
Event StaffingThe Ladies of ManServantsOctober 12, 2015








Custom PartnershipsThe Ladies of ManServantsMay 16, 2015
Gansevoort Hotel
The New York hotel group – voted Hippest Hotel in the world– offered a special bachelorette package featuring ManServants. 
Custom PartnershipsThe Ladies of ManServantsMay 16, 2015








Deliveries & GiftsThe Ladies of ManServantsDecember 11, 2014
Le Tote
ManServants delivered Le Tote packages to VIPs in Silicon Valley. When they carried a puppy, ovaries exploded. 
Deliveries & GiftsThe Ladies of ManServantsDecember 11, 2014








Event StaffingThe Ladies of ManServantsNovember 18, 2014Ace Theater Downtown Los Angeles
Bravo
Bravo Media brought 30 ManServants to the red carpet premiere for their first scripted drama, Girlfriends’ Guide to Divorce.
Event StaffingThe Ladies of ManServantsNovember 18, 2014Ace Theater Downtown Los Angeles



















ManServants, Inc | Services — ManServants, Inc | Experiential Marketing & Talent Agency 




















































































Chivalry in the Age of Beyonce




















 ManServants, Inc is an Experiential Marketingand Talent Agency ManServants® look good to make you look good. Leverage our buzz-ability to create traction for your initiatives, or just decorate your event with debonair, doting gentlemen for fun.  We create custom events and partnerships to cater to your business needs. And, you’re in good company. Clients include Bravo, Warner Brothers, Armani, Moda Operandi, and Macy’s.Services include: Event Staffing Our ManStaffing division is available to staff your red carpets, premieres, launch parties and product promotions. If women are your core audience, there’s nothing like handsome, classy gentlemen to reach them.  Experiential MarketingThis is next level interactive advertising. Imagine your ad on a handsome canvas that can wax poetic about your product benefits as well as amplify your hashtag.  Perfect for street teams, guerilla marketing, or if you just want the men to walk around with your product on trays. Now that's media placement.Corporate Deliveries & GiftsWhether it’s to deliver a swag bag or promotional goodies, your product is in good (and handsome) hands. Or gift ManService to a client for a custom experience. Social Activations & StuntsSocial media is kind of our jam. Our launch video went viral on social media, with half a million views in a month. And we won Best Start-up Video of All Time. We’ll collaborate to co-create powerful web content, or we can lend out our men to star in your feature. Custom PartnershipsPartner with ManServants for a bespoke activation. We utilize our founders’ creative advertising and marketing backgrounds to collaborate on social, digital, and experiential activations or packages that are strategic, share-worthy, and mutually beneficial. ManServants®Chivalry in the Age of BeyonceToday's Paul Newmans & Humphrey Bogarts,   ManServants® is an elite group of swoon-worthy gentlemen—here to show the world how to treat a woman right. ManServants TeamJosephine Wai Lin | Co-Founder & CEODalal Khajah | Co-Founder & CCOAnnie Pariseau | Director of HustlePeter Clarkson | Director of TalentMegan Kent  | VP, Brand PartnershipsAri Goldschmidt | VP, OperationsJessica Palkowitsch | Advisor, Board of Directors More ManServants, Inc Website LinkedIn Instagram  


      
        Make it rain men
      
    


Have the perfect event in mind? Just want more info? Need a product demo? (Hint: YES).  Fill out the form below and we'll get in touch.




Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Subject *



What kind of ManService are you interested in?  *






Thanks gorgeous. We'll be in touch about your men within 1-3 business days. If it's urgent, email theladies@manservants.co directly. 















ManServants
















What's a ManServant
Book A ManServant
Brand Partnerships


Book A ManServantBecome A ManServantBrand Partnerships





Terms of UseLast Updated: October 30, 2015
The following terms (“Terms”) are applicable to all visitors or users of our network of websites, including Manservants.co (and any versions optimized for viewing on a mobile device) that expressly adopt these Terms (collectively, the “Web Site”).  We may refer to our company as “Manservants, Inc.,” “Manservants.co,” “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our” throughout these Terms.  Certain products and services may have different terms and conditions posted or may require you to agree with and accept additional terms and conditions (“Additional Terms”).  If there is a conflict between these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms for a specific product or service, the Additional Terms will take precedence with respect to that product or service.
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR AMEND THESE TERMS FROM TIME TO TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICES FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF CHANGES TO THESE TERMS WILL MEAN YOU ACCEPT THOSE CHANGES. UNLESS WE PROVIDE YOU WITH SPECIFIC NOTICE, NO CHANGES TO OUR TERMS WILL APPLY RETROACTIVELY.
This is a legal agreement between you ("you" or "user") and Manservants, Inc. that states the material terms and conditions that govern your use of the Web Site. These Terms, together with all updates, supplements, additional terms, and all of Company’s rules and policies collectively constitute this "Agreement" between you and Company. BY ACCESSING THE WEB SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE STATED HEREIN, IMMEDIATELY STOP USING THE WEB SITE. This Web Site is not intended for children - anyone under 18 should leave the web site immediately.


Copyright and Ownership. All of the content featured or displayed on the Web Site, including without limitation text, graphics, photographs, images, moving images, sound, and illustrations ("Content"), is owned by Company, its licensors, vendors, agents and/or its Content providers. All elements of the Web Site, including without limitation the general design and the Content, are protected by trade dress, copyright, moral rights, trademark and other laws relating to intellectual property rights. The Services and the Web Site may only be used for the intended purpose for which such Web Site and Services are being made available. Except as may be otherwise indicated in specific documents within the Web Site, you are authorized to view, play, print and download documents, audio and video found on our Web Site for personal, informational, and noncommercial purposes only, and only if you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the Content. You may not modify any of the materials and you may not copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information or work contained on the Web Site. Except as authorized under the copyright laws, you are responsible for obtaining permission before reusing any copyrighted material that is available on the Web Site. For purposes of these Terms, the unauthorized use of any such material on any other web site or networked computer environment is prohibited. You shall comply with all applicable domestic and international laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations regarding your use of the Web Site. The Web Site, its Content and all related rights shall remain the exclusive property of Company or its licensors unless otherwise expressly agreed. You will not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices from material found on the Web Site.


Trademarks/No Endorsement. All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Company used herein (including but not limited to: the Company name, the Company corporate logo, the Web Site name, the Web Site design, and any logos) (collectively “Marks”) are trademarks or registered trademarks of Company or its affiliates, partners, vendors or licensors. You may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or modify Company trademarks in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on the Web Site, without Company's prior written consent. The use of Company trademarks on any other web site or network computer environment is not allowed. Company prohibits the use of Company trademarks as a "hot" link on or to any other web site unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance. Do not use Company’s name or any language, pictures or symbols which could, in Company’s judgment, imply Company’s endorsement in any (i) written or oral advertising or presentation, or (ii) brochure, newsletter, book, or other written material of whatever nature, without prior written consent.


User Submission Policy. Where Company has specifically invited or requested submissions, Company encourages members of the public to submit user content (e.g. content submitted when applying to become a “Manservant”) to Company that they have created for consideration in connection with the Web Site (“User Submissions”). User Submissions remains the intellectual property of the individual user. By submitting content to our Web Site, you expressly grant Company a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid-up, worldwide, fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit, perform and display such content and your name, voice, and/or likeness as contained in your User Submission, in whole or in part, and in any form throughout the world in any media or technology, whether now known or hereafter discovered, including all promotion, advertising, marketing, merchandising, publicity and any other ancillary uses thereof, and including the unfettered right to sublicense such rights, in perpetuity throughout the universe. Any such User Submissions are deemed non-confidential and Company shall be under no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of any information, in whatever form, contained in any User Submission.
Users of the Website may provide suggestions, comments, ideas, enhancement request, recommendations, improvements, or other information to us related to the performance, usability, and functionality, among other things, of the Web Site (“Feedback”). We will have a royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual license to use or incorporate any Feedback relating to the operation of the Web Site and our services.


Inappropriate User Submissions. You shall be solely responsible for your own User Submissions and the consequences of submitting them. In connection with User Submissions, you affirm, represent and warrant the following: (i) You are over the age of 18 and have the right and authority to enter into these Terms, and are fully able and competent to satisfy the terms, conditions and obligations herein; (ii) You have obtained all consents, and possess all copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret and any other proprietary rights, or the necessary licenses thereto, to grant the license in Section 3; (iii) if necessary you have the written consent of each and every identifiable natural person in the User Submission to use such persons name or likeness in the manner contemplated by the Web Site and these Terms, and each such person has released you from any liability that may arise in relation to such use; (iv) You have read, understood, agree with, and will abide by the terms of this agreement; (v) You are not, and have not been an agent of Company and were not and are not acting on behalf of, or as a representative of, Company or any other party in connection with the User Submission; (vi) the User Submission and Company use thereof as contemplated by these Terms and the Company website will not infringe any rights of any third party, including but not limited to any intellectual property rights, privacy rights and rights of publicity; (vii) You are not, nor is any other person who appears in your User Submission, a current member of the Screen Actors Guild (SAG), the American Federation of Television and Radio Actors (AFTRA) or any other rights society; (viii) You have not and will not engage in any of the following in connection with the production of, your appearance in, or contribution(s) to your User Submission: infliction of injury to any person or animal, humiliation of any person (whether public or private), infliction of emotional distress on any person, assault or battery of any person, damage to any property without permission, entry on any property without permission, or any other act or omission that could give rise to civil and/or criminal liability; (ix) The User Submission does not contain: (a) material falsehoods or misrepresentations that could harm Company or any third party; (b) content that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or violate any law; (c) advertisements or solicitations of business; or (d) impersonations of third parties, other than those which are readily apparent.


Advertising Rights. Company reserves the right to sell, license and/or display any advertising, attribution, links, promotional and/or distribution rights in connection with your creative submission, and Company and its licensors or affiliates will be entitled to retain any and all revenue generated from any sales or licenses of such advertising, attribution, links, or promotional or distribution rights. Nothing in these additional terms obligates or may be deemed to obligate Company to sell, license or offer to sell or license any advertising, promotion or distribution rights.


Order Eligibility. You may only purchase products which appear on this Web Site for personal use by either yourself or your intended recipient of the products.  You represent and warrant that the intended recipient is over the age of 18.  Company may refuse any order that it has reasonable cause to believe is for any purpose other than as approved by Company, or is otherwise in violation of our Acceptable Behavior Policy, located here.
                  Company makes no promise that products available on the Web Site are appropriate or available in locations outside the United States (“Territory”), and accessing the Web Site from territories where its contents are illegal or unlawful is prohibited.  If you choose to access this Web Site from locations outside the Territory, you do so at your own risk.  It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regards to the use of any products purchased from this Web Site.
                


Products, Services, Content and Specifications. Details of the products and services available for purchase are set out on the Web Site.  All prices are displayed inclusive of all taxes.  All features, content, specifications, products and prices of products and services described or depicted on this Web Site are subject to change at any time without notice. By placing an order, you represent that the products and services ordered will be used only in a lawful manner.


Cancellation and Refund Policy. The cancellation and/or refund policy with respect to a product or service purchased from this Web Site is set forth on the Order Form for such product or service, or in the applicable Additional Terms.  Unless otherwise provided by law or set forth in Additional Terms or elsewhere on this Web Site, all purchases are final and non-refundable.  We may terminate your order if we determine your order is not consistent with normal, personal use, or otherwise in violation of the Acceptable Behavior Policy.


Accuracy of Information. We attempt to ensure that information on this Web Site is complete, accurate and current. Despite our efforts, the information on this Web Site may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. We make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currency of any information on this Web Site. For example, products included on this Web Site may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or may actually carry a different price than that stated on this Web Site. In addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. While it is our practice to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service. We reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product or service and/or to refuse service to any customer. We also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance of any order.


Linking to this Web Site. Creating or maintaining any link from another web site to any page on this Web Site without our express written permission is prohibited. Running or displaying this Web Site or any information or material displayed on this Web Site in frames or through similar means on another web site without our express written permission is prohibited. Any permitted links to this Web Site must comply will all applicable laws, rule and regulations.


Third Party Links. From time to time, this Web Site may contain links to web sites that are not owned, operated or controlled by Company or its affiliates. All such links are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this Web Site. Neither we nor any of our respective affiliates are responsible for any content, materials or other information located on or accessible from any other web site. Neither we nor any of our respective affiliates endorse, guarantee, or make any representations or warranties regarding any other web sites, or any content, materials or other information located or accessible from any other web sites, or the results that you may obtain from using any other web sites. If you decide to access any other web sites linked to or from this Web Site, you do so entirely at your own risk.


Inappropriate Material. You agree to comply with our Acceptable Behavior Policy.
                  You are prohibited from using our Web Site, products or services for posting or sending any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Such violations may subject the sender and his or her agents to civil and criminal penalties. You further understand and agree that sending unsolicited email advertisements to the Web Site or to any user of the Web Site or through voice computer systems is expressly prohibited by these Terms. Any such unauthorized use of our computer systems is a violation of these Terms and applicable “anti-spam” laws. In addition to any remedies that we may have at law or in equity, if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you have violated or are likely to violate the foregoing prohibitions, we may take any action we deem necessary to cure or prevent the violation, including without limitation, if in connection with the order for products or services, the termination such order for products or services. We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order or subpoena requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone submitting such materials.
                


 Fees. For all charges for any products and services sold on the Web Site, Company will bill you using the billing method you select on the Order Form. In the event legal action is necessary to collect on balances due, you agree to reimburse Company for all expenses incurred to recover sums due, including attorneys’ fees and other legal expenses.  You are responsible for purchase of, and payment of charges for, all Internet access services and telecommunications services needed for use of this Web Site.


 Access and Interference. You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Web Site for any purpose without our express written permission. Additionally, you agree that you will not: (i) take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the site or any activities conducted on the Web Site; or (iii) bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Web Site.


 Force Majeure. Neither Company nor you shall be responsible for damages or for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts or occurrences beyond their reasonable control, including, without limitation: fire, lightning, explosion, power surge or failure, water, acts of God, war, revolution, civil commotion or acts of civil or military authorities or public enemies; any law, order, regulation, ordinance, or requirement of any government or legal body or any representative of any such government or legal body; or labor unrest, including without limitation, strikes, slowdowns, picketing, or boycotts; inability to secure raw materials, transportation facilities, fuel or energy shortages, or acts or omissions of other common carriers.


DISCLAIMERS. YOUR USE OF THIS WEB SITE IS AT YOUR RISK. THE INFORMATION, MATERIALS AND SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THIS WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SECURITY OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. NEITHER COMPANY, NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION, MATERIALS OR SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THIS WEB SITE. THE INFORMATION, MATERIALS AND SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THIS WEB SITE MAY BE OUT OF DATE, AND NEITHER COMPANY, NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES MAKES ANY COMMITMENT OR ASSUMES ANY DUTY TO UPDATE SUCH INFORMATION, MATERIALS OR SERVICES. WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES LISTED OR PURCHASED ON OR THROUGH THIS WEB SITE. THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW. PLEASE REFER TO YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY SUCH PROHIBITIONS.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM COMPANY OR THROUGH COMPANY WEBSITE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN.


LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY. Company does not assume any responsibility, and will not be liable to any party, for any damages to, or any viruses that may infect your computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property caused by or arising from your access to, use of, or browsing this Web Site, or your downloading of any information or materials from this Web Site. IN NO EVENT WILL COMPANY, OR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS OR ASSIGNS, NOR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION OR TRANSMISSION OF THIS WEB SITE, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS WEB SITE, ANY WEB SITES LINKED TO THIS WEB SITE, OR THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION OR SERVICES CONTAINED ON ANY OR ALL SUCH WEB SITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR USER SUBMISSIONS OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY, AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.  THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW. PLEASE REFER TO YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY SUCH PROHIBITIONS.
IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THIS WEB SITE OR ANY CONTENT, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO CEASE USING THIS WEB SITE. IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THAT YOU HAVE PURCHASED ON OR THROUGH THIS WEB SITE, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY, IF ANY, IS TO SEEK A REFUND FOR SUCH PRODUCT OR SERVICES IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE REFUNDS POLICIES POSTED ON THIS WEB SITE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) TWENTY FIVE DOLLARS (US $25.00) OR (B) THE VALUE OF YOUR PURCHASE ON THE WEB SITE.


Indemnity. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Company and any affiliated company or individual harmless from any and all liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, related to or in connection with (i) the use of the Web Site or the Internet or your placement or transmission of any message or information on this Web Site by you or your agents; (ii) your violation of these Terms, including without limitation, your breach of any of the representations and warranties above; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any right of privacy, publicity rights or intellectual property rights; (iv) your violation of any law, rule or regulation of the United States or any other country; or (v) any claim or damages that arise as a result of any User Submission that you provide to Company.


Release. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users of the Web Site, you release Company (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.


Termination. You or we may suspend or terminate your account or your use of this Web Site at any time, for any reason or for no reason. You are personally liable for any orders placed or charges incurred through your account prior to termination. We may also block your access to our Web Site in the event that (a) you breach these Terms; (b) we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us; or (c) we believe that your actions may cause financial loss or legal liability for you, our users or us.


Privacy. Data collection and use, including data collection and use of personally identifiable information is governed by our Privacy Policy which is hereby incorporated into this Agreement.


General. Any claim relating to, and the use of, this Web Site and the materials contained herein is governed by the laws of the state of Delaware. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in California. A printed version of these Terms will be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
We do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our Web Site, and operation of the Web Site may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. You agree that these Terms and all incorporated agreements may be automatically assigned by Company in our sole discretion. Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. These Terms set forth the entire understanding and agreement between us with respect to the subject matter hereof. 14 (Access and Interference), 17 (Liability Limit), and 18 (Indemnity), 19 (Release), 22 (General), and the license grant under 3 (User Submission Policy) shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.


Additional Assistance. If you do not understand any of the foregoing Terms or if you have any questions or comments, we invite you to contact our Customer Service Department by email at TheLadies@Manservants.co.


Copyright Notice. All Web Site design, graphics, text selections, arrangements, and all software are Copyright © 2015, Manservants, Inc or its licensors. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.



















ManServants
















What's a ManServant
Book A ManServant
Brand Partnerships


Book A ManServantBecome A ManServantBrand Partnerships



Close video

SERVED HOT DAILY.
AVAILABLE FOR NEW YORK, LOS ANGELES, AND PALM SPRINGS.GIFT A MANSERVANT



SERVED HOT DAILY.
AVAILABLE FOR NEW YORK, LOS ANGELES, AND PALM SPRINGS.GIFT A MANSERVANTWATCH HEARTBREAK MANSERVANT













As You WishA real service available in San Francisco.
        Play Full Video






What Women Really Want


        It’s not a stripper who gets naked and rubs his greasy body all over you.
        It's a ManServant: a gentleman who treats you like a queen.
        Book one for a bachelorette party or any gathering to be your personal photographer, bartender, bodyguard, and butler all in one.
      
Watch the Video






The Manservant®
An entertainer for any bachelorette, birthday, or event staffing. Trained in chivalry and lady psychology, he’ll turn all your guests into queens for an unforgettable experience.  Our signature service includes cocktails, photoshoots, pampering, and round-the-clock adoration.



Office Manservant®
Give your boss a literal round of applause from her very own cubicle ManServant. He’ll arrive to the office with her favorite coffee order, play personal assistant, rub overworked shoulders, and pose for pictures so she can show off her hot new assistant on Instagram. Hello, promotion.



Cabana Manservant®
Temperatures are heating up and we’re not talking about the weather. Cabana ManServant is the dreamboat we’ve been daydreaming about as we lounge poolside. Unforgettable pool party? Check. He’ll swim up drinks right to your floatie, provide towel service, and play grillmaster.



Heartbreak Manservant®
When you love your friend but hated her ex, get Heartbreak ManServant to turn her womp-fest into a celebration. He’ll destroy all evidence of her ex’s existence, list off all the amazing things about her (and terrible about him), and remind her she’s better off.



Arm Candy Manservant®
Say goodbye to flying solo or settling for Tinder randos, and hello to a curated (and normal), handsome gentleman to be your tuxedoed-wingman. Whether it’s to please your parents, displease your ex, or disarm your frenemies, Arm Candy ManServant is there for all social functions.



Domestic Manservant®
What’s hotter than a handsome gentleman doing some light cleaning around the house? Nothing. Like, literally nothing. Surprise her with a gift she needs just as much as she wants. He’ll vacuum, do the dishes, and take out the trash without the nagging and all of the adoration.








Where's My ManServant?




ManServants will be available after September 1 in San Francisco only.Sign up below if you'd like to be among the first to experience the service, and we'll email you personally with more details.
            












Thanks boo! Talk soon.








Hello, My Lady


This is a real service with unreal happenings.
Join our lovely mailing list to hear the good,bad, and sexy on all things ManServants.  




Cue applause.


X Close















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Life as a Man-On-Demand at ManServants, the 'Uber of Hot Dudes' - Recode

































































clock
menu
more-arrow




































Log In or Sign Up



Log In


Sign Up























            Trending
            
          



          Topics
          
            




Charts


Commerce


Cybersecurity




Future of Work


Media


Policy




Social


Transportation


Voices






            Writers
            
              




Kara Swisher


Dan Frommer


Peter Kafka


Edmund Lee


Walt Mossberg




Johana Bhuiyan


Jason Del Rey


Eric Johnson


Rani Molla




Tony Romm


Theodore Schleifer


Tess Townsend


Kurt Wagner






            Podcasts
            
          



            Events
            
          

✕















Commerce




Culture




Uber





Life as a Man-On-Demand at ManServants, the 'Uber of Hot Dudes'

"Male strippers are a hand-me-down fantasy from men." ManServants are a finer artisan product. 

  
    by

    
Carmel DeAmicis


        Nov  4, 2015,  3:35am EST
      








          
            tweet
          
        






          
            share
          
        






          
            Linkedin
          
        
















ManServants



Alex Milone* is shirtless, as usual. Running his hand through his tousled brown locks, he belts out the lyrics to the song “Riptide” on FaceTime as his roommate strums the ukulele beside him. They live on a boat off Pier 39 in San Francisco, near the Fisherman’s Wharf tourist district.
With his impish grin, easy demeanor and Ken-doll looks, 25-year-old Milone is everything the ManServants video promised he would be.
Part entertainers, part eye candy, these on-demand male entertainers called ManServants are meant to be a classier option than male strippers for a bachelorette party or other event. Clients can pay $125 per hour to “rent” a ManServant to make drinks, give massages, lead party games, listen to attendees and otherwise charm the hostess and her friends (or — on occasion — the host and his friends).
The company has raised an undisclosed amount of seed money to develop a mobile app for ordering up good-looking guys in (or out of) suits.
A YouTube commercial for the San Francisco-based dudes-on-demand service went viral a year ago, hitting more than half a million views after it was picked up by the Guardian, Time, the San Francisco Chronicle, GQ, the Globe and Mail, Cosmo, Huffington Post, Refinery29, Racked and an array of tech publications and local news shows.
In the video, a handsome lothario in a tux released a flock of doves as a woman arrived at a party. Looking like a sexy Secret Service operative, another tux-clad stud held a parasol over a lady’s head as she strolled down the street. A third beefcake bobbed in a pool, his pecs visible through his completely drenched suit as he refilled the champagne flute of a suntanning woman.
When it launched, ManServants could be booked within a few hours of an event, so the service was quickly dubbed “The Uber of Hot Dudes,” “San Francisco’s weirdest new startup,” and indelible proof of a tech bubble. Re/code reporter Liz Gannes tried to order one for her series on the instant gratification economy and was stuck on the wait list. Many assumed that the company was a parody or a prank.
But what looked like a joke a year ago is now a business with a presence in three cities and more than 60 ManServants like Milone on its contractor payroll. The company’s founders, both women, say the company is about to turn the corner on profitability.
“We call it chivalry in the age of Beyoncé,” said ManServants co-founder Josephine Wai Lin, 32, who started ManServants with her 26-year-old co-founder Dalal Khajah. They came up with the concept over a cigarette break at work; they were both copy editors at a digital advertising agency in San Francisco.
Many of their friends were getting married, and Wai Lin and Khajah attended their fair share of bachelorette parties with the requisite awkward stripper show. They wanted hot male assistants to show up instead — someone to pamper them, pour drinks and play party games instead of blasting the boom box and shimmying in a man-thong.
A professional videographer friend offered to help them test the idea by producing a ManServants commercial. When the ad spread virally across the Web, Wai Lin and Khajah quit their day jobs and started building the company in San Francisco, eventually growing the business to Los Angeles and New York.
“When we launched the video, we got over 100 emails from production companies wanting to develop a reality TV show following ManServants,” Wai Lin said on a recent call with Re/code. When asked whether the show was in development, she said she couldn’t discuss it.
To book a ManServant, people go to the website, a lush affair in blacks and golds that looks like a promotional page for an exclusive New York City club. Customers are prompted with a list of options — hire a ManServant at sporting events so he can wait on the restroom line for you, or during a girl’s night out so he can shoo away douchebags.








 The ManServants website prompts women with events for which they could book a ManServant.
ManServants


The clients pick the date, event address and time — unlike in the early days, reservations now need to be made 24 hours in advance. When the mobile app launches, the founders hope to return the service to its truly “on demand” roots with bookings in a few hours.
On the site, customers check a box telling the ManServant whether to arrive with flowers (an extra $40 fee). They get to make up the fake “name” for their fella, which he’ll go by for the entire evening (the men are forbidden from revealing their real names, occupations or identities to the clients). Customers even decide whether they want a “butler” to wait quietly on the sidelines for direction or a “showman” who will “get the party turned up.”
As a business, ManServants is by no means a runaway success. Wai Lin wouldn’t give numbers of events booked, but she said that he company has served roughly 1,000 individuals, and that each party had been attended by four to 20 people. Run the math, and that’s roughly 100 events in a year — not exactly Uber numbers.
But the company’s real revenue hasn’t come from the smaller bachelorette parties or birthday events. Big corporate clients — Hollywood parties and red-carpet events — are the ones that bring in the cash.








 ManServants form the Wall of Compliments at an event.
ManServants


Clusters of ManServants went to screenings of “Magic Mike XXL” across the nation, escorted moms at the premiere of the Bravo scripted series “Girlfriends’ Guide to Divorce” and floated around at Cosmopolitan Magazine’s 50th birthday party. They’re trained beforehand, learning to do event stunts like creating a “Wall of Compliments” in which fellows form two lines and shower the person who walks between them with praise. Another is the “Photo Booth,” where they hoist someone up, sideways, for a photo opportunity.








 ManServants perform the “Photo Booth” stunt, posing with attendees for pictures, at Cosmo’s 50th Anniversary Party.
ManServants


Wai Lin and Khajah want to build ManServants into a national brand to rival Chippendales. For them, it’s a feminist mission.
“Male strippers are a hand-me-down fantasy from men,” Wai Lin said. “Did you know Chippendales was invented by a man who was dating a Playboy of the Year, and he raped her and shot her?” It’s a true and not entirely surprising story, given that the Chippendales brand reeks of cheese and skeez.
ManServants has its own problems. It’s inventing a new kind of business — never an easy task. Thanks to Channing Tatum and his bros, the public at large understands the male-stripper business, but what the hell is a “ManServant” and what do you do with one?
The boat-dwelling, shirt-shunning Milone said he saw the confusion firsthand at some of the events he worked. “We show up, and a third of the party understands who we are — they know about ManServants. A third don’t have any idea what the fuck we are. And a third thinks we’re an escort service,” he said. “You’re not being paid to be there for sex, but I could always feel a very strong sexual energy.”








 Two ManServants deliver pizza.
ManServants


Malone claims he’s never bedded a client — but some of them have put the moves on him, most memorably at a 70-year-old’s birthday party. “Four of the women who were her friends were like, ‘You’ve got to get on this girl,'” Malone said.
These days, the ManServants’ site is crystal clear: No hanky-panky. ManServants are trained to keep their clothes on, and clients are warned that the service doesn’t come with sex on the side.
Milone was one of ManServants’ earliest recruits; he joined after watching that viral video. He was trying to start his own company at the time, and saw the side gig as a weird kind of personal development. “It feeds my ego,” Milone said, without an ounce of self-consciousness. “It’s hard for me to accept that chicks actually like me sometimes.”
Little flashes of nervousness — a quick shoulder shrug, a lip bite — peeked through his bravado as he regaled me with tales of on-demand servitude.
Malone made almost $400 at the 70-year-old’s birthday party, which was his first gig. Not exactly the hot young bachelorettes he might have hoped for when he signed up. “One of us was massaging her feet while the other one was spoon-feeding her dessert,” he recalled. “This went on for four-and-a-half hours.”
He has done a few other ManServants gigs since then — a birthday party for a twentysomething and a baby shower for a thirtysomething — but he hasn’t kept it up regularly, because he couldn’t get over his confidence issues.
ManServants offers a gender role reversal, both for the men working the jobs and the women who pay for them. New recruits are trained to be attentive and accommodating to women’s needs, predicting what they want before they want it — stereotypically a woman’s role in a romantic relationship.
Have the clients been drinking a lot of alcohol? Snag water bottles to hydrate them before they ask. Are they feeling left out of the festivities? Chat them up to keep them company. Bored? Read them Shakespeare sonnets or offer to do push-ups with them on your back (the men tell me that the latter is a frequent request).
Potential recruits do online training on emotional intelligence, answering questions about what a woman might be thinking or feeling based on photos. They also have to brainstorm compliments, showing that they can flatter ladies on the fly.








 A “chivalry” question from the ManServants training.
ManServants


Many of the ManServants are also in the entertainment industry, so the job is a natural extension of their interests and skills. In San Francisco, they get the startup founders and fine-arts performers; in Los Angeles, the comedians and actors; and in New York, the “Adonises” — models right off the high-fashion runway. When booking, women select their top three choices from a smorgasbord of pictures. ManServants keeps an eye on the ebbs and flows of what women desire.
“They want lumbersexuals and silver foxes,” Wai Lin said, rattling off recent requests. “Man-buns are very big these days. We should develop a man-bun extension that the guys can put in. The Kardashians started a bit of a trend in their taste, because we have a lot of requests for dark gentlemen. We try to stay away from stereotypical ‘Latin lover,’ even though our clients might say that. We never want to objectify our guys.”
Despite Wai Lin’s protests, objectification is inevitably part of the experience. Unlike grease-monkey steroid-pumped male strippers, there are no unattractive ManServants. Every single one of them could’ve walked out of an Abercrombie & Fitch catalogue.
Many complain that if the genders were reversed, ManServants would likely be pilloried for sexism. “Can you imagine,” the typical complaint goes, “a company called ‘LadyServants’ offering up hot women to wait on men?” That’s so valid, because “Hooters” isn’t a thing.
Anyway, the ManServants I spoke with said the objectification was part of the fun. “There’s no risk for the women involved, and it was awesome to see that expressed,” Milone said. “They felt comfortable, they’re bossing you around, they’re appreciating you as a man more fully.”
Another ManServant I spoke with, Jamie Michaels*, 26, agreed with Milone. “You have to be comfortable with getting hit on,” he said. “You show up all dolled up in the suit, you know what’s going on.”
I surreptitiously Google Michaels as we talk by phone. With sharp cheekbones and kind eyes, he looks like a Disney prince who stepped out of the animated world and into real life.








 Jamie Michaels* in his ManServants suit
Jamie Michaels


For the last year, Michaels has spent nearly every Saturday entertaining at a bachelorette party or girl’s night out for ManServants. Like Milone, he has had his share of weird encounters.
There was that time he modeled the lingerie that a bride-to-be received from her friends — putting the bras and G-strings on over his suit. Another time, he helped a drunk bachelorette party reenact the famous scene from “Dirty Dancing” where Johnny Castle lifts Baby in the air. It all went well until the bride-to-be made the leap. “I saw everyone’s faces, like, ‘No no no!’ And I look up, and she wasn’t wearing underwear,” Michaels remembered.
He sees the work as a big lesson on the female psyche. It has helped him romantically, he said, because he’s learned how to listen and pay attention to body cues. “I’m pretty vulnerable on dates now,” Michaels said. “I’m more in tune with that side of me.”
* Name changed to protect identity.


recode_divider




More From
Recode



Meg Whitman is being considered for the Uber CEO job — but she’s unlikely to take it


We have unrealistic expectations of a tech-driven future utopia


Full transcript: Hot Pod newsletter founder and publisher Nick Quah on Recode Media


Mark Zuckerberg thinks AI fearmongering is bad. Elon Musk thinks Zuckerberg doesn’t know what he’s talking about.


Twitter faces new criticism from Congress amid charges it briefly blocked net neutrality critics


Uber is overhauling its driver support systems in a bid to decrease turnover




















        
          Trending
        
      











Uber is overhauling its driver support systems in a bid to decrease turnover

Drivers can expect quicker fare fixes and protection from bad ratings for things that are out of their control. 









Mark Zuckerberg thinks AI fearmongering is bad. Elon Musk thinks Zuckerberg doesn’t know what he’s talking about.

Ah, another classic debate about artificial intelligence. 









Facebook has acquired a content rights startup called Source3 to help fight video pirates

Facebook wants to make sure video creators can’t get ripped off.









Republicans want the CEOs of Facebook, Google, AT&T and Comcast to testify to Congress about solving net neutrality

A key House committee just scheduled a September 7 hearing.









Bill Gates joins the roster of big names behind trucking startup Convoy

It’s part of a $60 million funding round.







More in Trending









Recode Daily

Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox.




Your email


Go


    By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
    
  






  This Article has a component height of 78. The sidebar size is long.











The Latest










Meg Whitman is being considered for the Uber CEO job — but she’s unlikely to take it

  
    by

    
Kara Swisher















We have unrealistic expectations of a tech-driven future utopia 

  
    by

    
Bob O'Donnell















Full transcript: Hot Pod newsletter founder and publisher Nick Quah on Recode Media

  
    by

    
Recode Staff















Mark Zuckerberg thinks AI fearmongering is bad. Elon Musk thinks Zuckerberg doesn’t know what he’s talking about.

  
    by

    
Kurt Wagner





























          
            tweet
          
        






          
            share
          
        













