


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Total Return Fund (PTTFX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Total Return Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size






Ticker Symbol:


			
				PTTFX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$10.11
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								3.47%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.85
							
							-
							
								$10.16
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$31.50

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Total Return Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Intermediate-Term Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to maximize total return through income and capital appreciation.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/25/2017)
								
							



						
						
							2.88%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.63%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.07%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
						2.68% 
						


				
					
						2.68%
						



Inception Date

						
							November 15, 2016
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.72%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.57%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							September 30, 2018
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Tue Jul 25 23:14:13 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Wed Jul 26 09:49:50 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 









































































American Funds



































































































All Funds | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American Funds                                















American Funds















 ALL FUNDS


INVESTMENT TRACKER

-- FUNDS
								


COMPARE FUNDS


DOWNLOAD DATA
























Returns


			|
		

Daily Prices & Yields


			|
		

Symbols & Fund Numbers

			
|			
Literature







FILTER BY


Objective


Growth
Growth & Income
Equity-Income
Balanced
Bond
Tax-Exempt Bond
Money Market Funds
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
College Target Date
Retirement Target Date





Or



Asset Type 
					


Equity
Balanced
Fixed Income Taxable
Fixed Income tax exempt
Money Market







Investment Tracker
--
 Funds


					Add American Funds to your Investment Tracker by checking boxes below and choosing the Add To Tracker link above or below the table.
				





 American Funds

		Important: Class B and 529-B shares were no longer available for purchase as of April 21, 2009. All B and 529-B shares finished converting to A and 529-A shares on April 10, 2017.
	
















Share Class 
							



A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6






Returns
								









Monthly








Quarterly










at MOP/with CDSC








at NAV














Show Indices







ADD TO TRACKER





 PRINT

















Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















Fund Name

		Prices & Returns


		Yields
		



Price 
				
	
Change  ($)
			
	
Change  (%)
			
	
YTD
		
	

7-Day
		 SEC Yield at NAV
		
	
30-day SEC Yield NAV


12-Month Dist. Rate at NAV
		




At NAV as of -- (updated daily)
As of -- (updated monthly)








Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















1- of  results
0 results



ADD TO TRACKER


















































































































































The Bond Fund of America - ABNDX | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ The Bond Fund of America                                                ®


















BOND FUNDS


The Bond Fund of America ®
								(ABNDX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Core Bond Portfolio With Broad Diversification.						  
Our most diversified bond fund invests in nearly every sector of the bond market, with a focus on securities rated A or above.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$12.93					
as of 07/25/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$34,575.9
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

7					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.61%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



0.24%
1-year return

        


2.27%
5-year return

        


3.12%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-3.51%
1-year return

        


1.49%
5-year return

        


2.73%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds81.3%

Non-U.S. Bonds13.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.4%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures


Fixed-Income



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 fixed income   
																				  funds
		

 ABNDX
 Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Fund Statistics 
			




7.1 years
Average Life 


5.2 years
Average Duration 


3.0%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


2.9%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objective is to provide as high a level of current income as is consistent with the preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Broadly diversified fixed-income fund with flexibility to respond to various bond market conditions.					



						Types of Investments
					

Primarily invests in corporate debt securities, U.S. and other government securities, mortgage-related securities and cash.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

May invest up to 25% of assets in fixed-income securities of corporations and government entities outside the United States.			         



			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund generally invests at least 80% of its assets in bonds, including corporate bonds, U.S. government securities and money market instruments. At least 60% of its assets will be invested in securities rated A3/A- or better at the time of purchase (or unrated but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality). It is the fund’s current practice not to invest more than 10% of its assets in debt securities rated Ba1 and BB+ or below.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							05/28/1974

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$34,575.9

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							710+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							1,223,218

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Monthly



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							--

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							363%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							097873 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							8












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ABNDX through 07/25/2017.
            

 ABNDX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

1.78%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

1.71%					

1.80%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Pramod Atluri

19
1
1



Andrew F. Barth

32
32
7



David J. Betanzos

17
15
1



David A. Hoag

29
26
8



Fergus N. MacDonald

25
14
2



Robert H. Neithart

30
30
8



John H. Smet

35
34
28



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (856)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(856 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(767 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(540 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Above Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Intermediate-Term Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated


(422)



(422)



(382)



(287)



Expense Within Category  Funds Rated


(128)



(128)



(124)



(102)



Preservation Within Category Funds Rated



							(5783)



(5783)



(4861)



(3179)



Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)



Total Return Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)





Category
Core Bond Funds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST


 As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

4.35                        


Sharpe Ratio 

0.61                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

56                        


Beta 

1.00                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
135/93










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
28.7%


AAA/Aaa
29.7%


AA/Aa
4.2%


A
12.6%


BBB/Baa
16.5%


BB/Ba
2.0%


B
0.5%


CCC & Below
0.1%


Unrated
0.3%


Cash & equivalents
5.4%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
44.5%


5-9.9 Years
40.3%


10-19.9 Years
1.5%


20-29.9 Years
8.1%


30+ Years
0.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
31.4%


Financials
7.6%


Health Care
5.1%


Energy
4.7%


Utilities
3.4%


Consumer discretionary
3.3%


Consumer staples
1.8%


Information technology
1.4%


Other corporate bonds & notes
1.3%


Industrials
1.1%


Telecommunication services
1%


Materials
0.7%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
28.7%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
21.9%


Agency
20.3%


Non-Agency
1.1%


Commercial
0.5%









Asset-backed obligations
9%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
2.4%







Municipal securities
1.2%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

28.6%



Fannie Mae

8.3%



Freddie Mac

7.9%



Ginnie Mae

4.0%



Chase Issuance Trust

1.6%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
81.30%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
2.40%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
3.70%


Cash & equivalents
5.40%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

2.8%
			


Japanese yen
2.3%


Mexican peso
0.1%


Euros
0.1%


Other currencies
0.3%


U.S. Dollar
97.2%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
81.3%


United Kingdom
1.8%


Germany
1.5%


Canada
1.1%


Japan
1.0%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS

CURRENT DAILY DIVIDENDS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




Daily
01/31/17
02/01/17
$0.0181691
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.76


Daily
02/28/17
03/01/17
$0.0174214
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.82


Daily
03/31/17
04/03/17
$0.0230002
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.80


Daily
04/28/17
05/01/17
$0.0202585
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.88


Daily
05/31/17
06/01/17
$0.0184525
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.95


Daily
06/30/17
07/03/17
$0.0191101
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.92






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.11641176


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.11641176




				 as of 7/25/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


0.00170955
07/24/2017


0.00063518
07/25/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date





Daily

01/31/2017
02/01/2017








 






 











						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


0.00170955
07/24/2017


0.00063518
07/25/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.19%


Other Expenses
0.18%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.61%


Lipper 		 Core Bond
 Funds Average
	


0.81%			








Resources






			Literature for ABNDX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Fund Highlights
(PDF) 
05/17











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Tuesday, May 28, 1974) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1974), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Core Bond Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ABNDX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.














































































































































American Funds Strategic Bond Fund - ANBAX | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American Funds Strategic Bond Fund                                                SM


















BOND FUNDS


American Funds Strategic Bond Fund SM
(ANBAX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Multisector Fund Majoring in Rates and Minoring in Credit.						  
A flexible core fund that will rely on high-conviction ideas, which may primarily involve active management of duration, yield curve and inflation expectations with a focus on risk management and monitoring. Can invest in extended bond sectors on an opportunistic basis.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$10.27					
as of 07/25/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$435.5
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

3					


Expense Ratio 
					

1.03%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



1.12%
1-year return

        


--
5-year return

        


3.42%
Lifetime return
				(03/18/2016)




2.36%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-2.66%
1-year return

        


--
5-year return

        


0.38%
Lifetime return
				(03/18/2016)




2.36%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds69.5%

Non-U.S. Bonds23.5%



Cash & Equivalents7.0%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	



Read important investment disclosures



Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.

 






Fund Statistics 
			




8.8 years
Average Life 


3.0 years
Average Duration 


2.3%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


0.8%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Limited Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund’s investment objective is to provide maximum total return consistent with preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

A multi-sector fund that acts like a bond fund. Its relatively small concentration in high-yield bonds is designed to result in a low correlation to equities.					



						Types of Investments
					

Government debt and agency bonds, corporate bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, emerging markets debt, non-U.S., municipals and high-yield.					





			            Maturity
			        

The bond maturities that the fund targets will vary depending on the current strategy being implemented.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest no more than 50% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality) at the time of purchase, including high-yield corporate bonds or those issued by developing country governments and companies. The fund may invest up to 10% of its assets in equity securities and certain securities with a combination of debt and equity characteristics. The fund may invest up to 50% of its assets in securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The fund may invest up to 40% of its assets in securities of emerging market issuers.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							03/18/2016

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$435.5

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							100+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							12,766

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							539%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							02631E 10 2

						Fund Number
						
					
							30112












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ANBAX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ANBAX





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ANBAX through 07/25/2017.
            

 ANBAX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

0.72%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

0.70%					

2.36%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



David A. Hoag

29
26
1



Damien J. McCann

17
17
1



Ritchie Tuazon

17
6
1



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (--)


						--
				


3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


						--
				


5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


						--
				


10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


--




Overall Morningstar Risk 


--





Category 

					Multisector Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
						-- 
						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated














Expense Within Category  Funds Rated














Preservation Within Category Funds Rated














Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated














Total Return Within Category Funds Rated
















Category
Multi-Sector Income Fds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST









Risk Measures

For the 3 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

                                -- 
                        


Sharpe Ratio 

                                -- 
                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

                                -- 
                        


Beta 

                                -- 
                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
--/--










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
36.6%


AAA/Aaa
0.6%


AA/Aa
6.1%


A
17.3%


BBB/Baa
21.4%


BB/Ba
6.0%


B
2.6%


CCC & Below
1.1%


Unrated
1.3%


Cash & equivalents
7.0%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
14.5%


5-9.9 Years
61.2%


10-19.9 Years
4.1%


20-29.9 Years
12.0%


30+ Years
1.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
45.3%


Financials
8.1%


Health Care
7.3%


Energy
6.9%


Consumer discretionary
4.3%


Utilities
3.9%


Information technology
3.6%


Industrials
3.5%


Consumer staples
3.2%


Materials
2.9%


Telecommunication services
1.2%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.4%









U.S. Treasury bonds & notes
36.6%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
9.7%







Municipal securities
1.1%







Other bonds & notes
0.3%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

36.7%



Japan

5.3%



India Government

2.6%



Broadcom

1.6%



Shire

1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
69.50%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
10.30%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
6.00%


Cash & equivalents
7.00%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

10.7%
			


Japanese yen
5.4%


Euros
1.7%


Other currencies
3.6%


U.S. Dollar
89.3%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
69.5%


Japan
5.7%


United Kingdom
3.3%


Canada
2.8%


India
2.6%


Australia
2.0%


Brazil
1.3%


Switzerland
1.1%


Kuwait
0.8%


Portugal
0.8%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/17/17
03/17/17
03/20/17
$0.02
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.12


06/16/17
06/16/17
06/19/17
$0.02
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.28






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.04


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.04




				 as of 7/25/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.57%


Other Expenses
0.16%


Service 12b-1
0.30%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio




Gross
Net


Fund
	

1.03%
1.01%


Lipper 		 Multi-Sector Income
 Funds Average
	



					1.06%
				








Resources






			Literature for ANBAX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
04/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16




Annual Report
(PDF) 
02/17




Q&A
(PDF) 
06/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (ANBAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Friday, March 18, 2016) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (2016), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (ANBAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Multi-Sector Income Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ANBAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.

















































































































































All Funds | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American Funds                                















American Funds















 ALL FUNDS


INVESTMENT TRACKER

-- FUNDS
								


COMPARE FUNDS


DOWNLOAD DATA
























Returns


			|
		

Daily Prices & Yields


			|
		

Symbols & Fund Numbers

			
|			
Literature







FILTER BY


Objective


Growth
Growth & Income
Equity-Income
Balanced
Bond
Tax-Exempt Bond
Money Market Funds
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
College Target Date
Retirement Target Date





Or



Asset Type 
					


Equity
Balanced
Fixed Income Taxable
Fixed Income tax exempt
Money Market







Investment Tracker
--
 Funds


					Add American Funds to your Investment Tracker by checking boxes below and choosing the Add To Tracker link above or below the table.
				





 American Funds

		Important: Class B and 529-B shares were no longer available for purchase as of April 21, 2009. All B and 529-B shares finished converting to A and 529-A shares on April 10, 2017.
	
















Share Class 
							



A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6






Returns
								









Monthly








Quarterly










at MOP/with CDSC








at NAV














Show Indices







ADD TO TRACKER





 PRINT

















Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















Fund Name

		Prices & Returns


		Yields
		



Price 
				
	
Change  ($)
			
	
Change  (%)
			
	
YTD
		
	

7-Day
		 SEC Yield at NAV
		
	
30-day SEC Yield NAV


12-Month Dist. Rate at NAV
		




At NAV as of -- (updated daily)
As of -- (updated monthly)








Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















1- of  results
0 results



ADD TO TRACKER



















































































Fixed Income Center




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 
























Navigating Global Bond Markets















Navigating Global Bond Markets

 / 























The Global Bond Markets Are Changing





The global bond market is undergoing a series of profound changes, challenging the traditional role of income and stability that bonds have played and creating new opportunities. We believe investors should understand these changes and adapt their portfolios to the new fixed-income landscape.











Interest Rates May Challenge Investors
 






Opportunities Exist Across the Globe, Across the Spectrum
 






Divergence in Global Growth
 






Lower Liquidity, May Mean Higher Volatility
 











Can Your Portfolio Keep Up?





We believe investors should consider dynamic and flexible fixed income investments that attempt to neutralize or even benefit from rising interest rates. Investors should also consider strategies that seek value across all sectors of the global fixed income market, allowing them to diversify geographically and take advantage of diverging growth patterns.  Overall investors may prefer highly liquid mutual funds for their long-term investments, not individual bonds, and money market funds for their short-term investments.









Explore Our Products





GS Strategic Income Fund

	       A Flexible Global Bond Portfolio Designed to Serve as a Core Income-Oriented Investment
	    

GSZIX 





GS Dynamic Municipal Income Fund

	       Helps Navigate a Changing Municipal Bond Market
	    

GSMTX 





GS Global Income Fund

	       A U.S. Dollar-Hedged Fund that Provides Access to Global High-Quality Bonds
	    

GSGLX 





GS High Quality Floating Rate Fund

	       A Money Market Fund Seeking a High Level of Current Income With Low Volatility of Principal
	    

GSARX 










The GSAM Global Fixed Income Team





In the past, fixed income managers only had to make three investment decisions: the direction of interest rates, the allocation to government and corporate bonds, and the selection of individual securities. Today, multiple factors may impact the global bond markets making a skilled manager essential.
The GSAM Global Fixed Income team has experience actively investing across the global spectrum. With more than 225 investment professionals located in major markets around the world, including New York, London and Tokyo, the team has the breadth and depth to cover every sector of the global fixed income market, employing industry-leading risk management capabilities with proprietary risk models comprising more than 800 unique risk factors. With more than $471 billion in assets under management, the team pursues strong, consistent performance across the fixed income market. 










Related Insights















 Markets Brace for Bear Case

 There are grounds for concern and potential drivers of volatility in 2016. However, we still see opportunities in select areas and relative value strategies. 


















												Where We See Value in High Yield Bonds
											


We believe select areas of the high-yield bond market can offer attractive compensation relative to today’s increased fundamental risk.










												Three Reasons to Consider Global Bonds Now
											


Having a purely domestic bond exposure may have served investors well in the past, but we believe a changing fixed-income landscape creates a new logic to consider international bonds.

















                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               





























































Manulife Asia Total Return Bond Fund | Manulife Mutual Funds








          
          
          
          
         









Advisor Login

 
 
 
 




Contact Us
About Us
Français
















Mutual Funds
ETFs
Private Investment Pools
Asset Allocation Portfolios
Prices and Performance
Portfolio Management
Learning Centre
Regulatory





Equity Funds
Canadian Equity
Preferred Share
U.S. Equity
Global and International Equity
Specialty Equity


Balanced Funds
Canadian Balanced
U.S. Balanced
Global Balanced




Fixed Income Funds
Money Market and Short-Term Fixed-Income
Canadian Fixed Income
U.S. Fixed Income
Global and International Fixed Income




Featured Funds


Tax-efficient Solutions
Series T
Corporate Classes


Dollar-cost Averaging


Loan Programs



 For every stage of life, Manulife Mutual Funds offers a broad range of mutual funds to help match financial needs. 

We see global investing differently.
> Learn more 






Program Overview


Portfolio Management
Manulife Asset Management
Mawer


Marketing Material




MPIP Investment Pools
Balanced Private Pools
Equity Private Pools
Fixed Income Private Pools


Prices and Performance


Household account-linking/MFR and Corporate class




MPIP Segregated Pools
Balanced Private Pools
Equity Private Pools
Fixed Income Private Pools


Prices and Performance


Program Features






Mutual Funds
Prices and Performance
Distributions
Rates and Yields


ETFs
Prices and Performance




Manulife Private Investment Pools
MPIP Investment Pools
MPIP Segregated Pools




Structured Products
Overview
Closed-end Funds





Fund Focus Magazine
> Read it now 
(for advisor use only)






Manulife Asset ManagementThe Manulife Asset Management team includes more than 325 investment professionals managing a full spectrum of asset classes with a range of style perspectives.


Capital Markets and Strategy GroupThe Capital Markets and Strategy Group, under Manulife Investments, have a range of investment strategy responsibilities from market and economic analysis to investor education.




MawerHeadquartered in Calgary, Alberta, Mawer has been managing portfolios for individual and institutional investors for more than three decades.


Dimensional Fund AdvisorsDimensional Fund Advisors is a leading global investment firm that has been translating academic research into practical investment solutions since 1981. Guided by a strong belief in markets, Dimensional works to implement compelling ideas in finance for the benefit of clients.




BrookfieldBrookfield has over a 100-year history of owning and operating assets with a focus on property, renewable power, infrastructure and private equity.


Standard LifeStandard Life Investments Limited is a leading asset manager with an expanding global reach. 





Market Commentaries
Read our latest market insights from our investment professionals.
> Read Market Commentaries






RESPs
Saving for your child’s education
CESG
FAQs


RRSPs
Saving For Retirement
RRSP Strategies
Tax Refund Strategies


Tax Planning


TFSAs




Mutual Fund Investments
Benefits
Associated Costs
Protection for Investors
Dollar-Cost Averaging
How to Choose an Advisor


Tools & Calculators


Multimedia Centre





Timeless principles for investment success
Helping you ease your mind during volatile times.
> Learn more






Manulife Mutual Funds, ETFs, Structured Products, and MPIP Investment Pools
Financial Reports
Fund Facts
ETF Facts
Independent Review Committee
IRS Tax Information
Passive Foreign Investment Company (PFIC)
Prospectus/AIF
Trade Matching Statement
Notices and Proxy Voting Records




MPIP Segregated Pools
Information Folder and Contract
Fund Facts





CRM2
A framework to help strengthen relationships
> Learn more







Mutual Funds › Funds › Manulife Asia Total Return Bond Fund
	


Fixed Income Funds Equity FundsBalanced FundsFixed Income Funds These funds are typically low-risk, and suited to investors who want to preserve their wealth while generating income to fund some or all of their financial needs.
Global and International Fixed Income Money Market and Short-Term Fixed-IncomeCanadian Fixed IncomeU.S. Fixed IncomeGlobal and International Fixed Income
Fund List
 



Manulife Asia Total Return Bond Fund Manulife Emerging Markets Debt Fund Manulife Global Tactical Credit Fund Manulife Strategic Income Fund Manulife Strategic Investment Grade Global Bond Fund Manulife U.S. Dollar Strategic Income Fund





Manulife Asia Total Return Bond Fund As Asian debt financing increases, the Fund can capitalize on opportunities in under-researched credit, currency and interest rate markets.


Fund Managers


Endre Pedersen Neal Capecci




Related Documents


Fund Profile – Advisor Series Fund Profile – Series F



Fund Facts

Advisor SeriesSeries DSeries FSeries FTSeries ISeries T






strong reliable trustworthy forward-thinking

© 2017 Manulife Investments, All Rights Reserved

 Legal
        |
         Privacy Policy
        |
         Accessibility
        |
        
 Sitemap






X





View the content of this site on the NEW MANULIFE MUTUAL FUNDS app exclusively for your iPad.
Download Now
Remind me later



 






















 







Manulife Asset Management Total Return Bond Fund LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Bees  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Manulife Asset Management Total Return Bond Fund LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Manulife Asset Management (Us) Llc 197 Clarendon Street 
    Boston, MA, 02116Phone: 617-375-6851 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-26


Amended


$501,817,069


$5,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-06-27


Amended


$496,817,069


$38,420,160


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-06-26


Amended


$458,396,909


$57,700,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-06-26


Amended


$400,696,909


$140,535,955


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2013-12-18


Amended


$260,160,954


$206,160,954


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2012-12-18


Amended


$54,000,000


$54,000,000


Other


06 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2012-03-15


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 David Bees 
 Executive 


 N/A Declaration Management & Research Llc 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Peter M. Farley 
 Executive 


 Jeffrey N. Given 
 Executive 


 Bond Griffin 
 Executive 


 N/A Manulife Asset Management (Us) Llc 
 Executive 


 Edmund H. Price 
 Executive 















Manulife Asset Management Total Return Bond Fund LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Bees  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Manulife Asset Management Total Return Bond Fund LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Manulife Asset Management (Us) Llc 197 Clarendon Street 
    Boston, MA, 02116Phone: 617-375-6851 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-26


Amended


$501,817,069


$5,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-06-27


Amended


$496,817,069


$38,420,160


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-06-26


Amended


$458,396,909


$57,700,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-06-26


Amended


$400,696,909


$140,535,955


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2013-12-18


Amended


$260,160,954


$206,160,954


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2012-12-18


Amended


$54,000,000


$54,000,000


Other


06 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2012-03-15


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 David Bees 
 Executive 


 N/A Declaration Management & Research Llc 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Peter M. Farley 
 Executive 


 Jeffrey N. Given 
 Executive 


 Bond Griffin 
 Executive 


 N/A Manulife Asset Management (Us) Llc 
 Executive 


 Edmund H. Price 
 Executive 




















Manulife Funds - Home


























Z6_4P4E1I02IOFP70IF1LKUGO3TM7







Error:
Javascript is disabled in this browser. This page requires Javascript. Modify your browser's settings to allow Javascript to execute. See your browser's documentation for specific instructions.





{}





















 PRICES AND PERFORMANCE
   *  Manulife Global Select (MPF) Scheme
   *  Mutual Funds
   *  Matrix
   *  All Manulife Funds/ Investment Choices

 LATEST PROMOTIONS
    *  Benefits to MPF／Group Life & Health customers






Manulife Hong Kong
Manulife Worldwide
Contact Us
Login
中文
Font A A A





















Home



Fund Price & Performance



Forms & Documents



FAQ



Seminar



Fund Manager Interview



Newsletter


















Z7_4P4E1I02IOFP70IF1LKUGO3TE5






Page Title



Actions





${title}



Loading...










 









Z7_4P4E1I02IOS250IVO8FN2K30K4






banner-menu



Actions





${title}



Loading...










 























1


2


3


4


5


6











Z7_4P4E1I02IOS250IVO8FN2K30K6






Spotlight Banner - MHK



Actions





${title}



Loading...










 














Z7_4P4E1I02IOS250IVO8FN2K30K5






Disclaimer



Actions





${title}



Loading...










 








	 

	 

	Please take note that information provided here is for your reference only. No information contained here should be relied upon as investment advice or regarded as a substitute for any investment advice.

	Investment involves risk. Investors should not only base on this page alone to make investment decisions and should read the offering document for details, including the risk factors, charges and features of the product. This page has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC). Issued by Manulife Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited.






Z7_4P4E1I02IOS250IVO8FN2K3014






Side Banner



Actions





${title}



Loading...










 






I Want To ...

Open an investment account

Download offering document

Check fund price and dividends

Assess your risk profile

Check the dealing/ non-trading days






Z7_01A41A42IO5C20A015FFDC1G01






MIL-FindFund-Main



Actions





${title}



Loading...










 






findFundSessionTimedOut








Z7_4P4E1I02IOFP70IF1LKUGO3T16






Side Banner



Actions





${title}



Loading...










 












					Account Login






				 





Personal Customer





Employer











Z7_4P4E1I02I00270IFJL9L5O2OD4






Side Banner



Actions





${title}



Loading...










 






Webcast: There is room for further gains in US Banks, and risk factors that investors should consider




	Webcast: US bank M&A trends and the regulatory outlook for financial institutions








Z7_4P4E1I02I00270IFJL9L5O2OD6






Side Banner



Actions





${title}



Loading...










 






Announcements



2017/06/28: Manulife Global Fund – Third Supplement to the Prospectus relating to General updates



2017/05/31: Manulife Advanced Fund SPC – First Supplement to the Prospectus relating to General updates



2017/05/31: Manulife Advanced Fund SPC - Updated Product Key Facts (May 2017)



2017/05/12: Manulife Advanced Fund SPC - Notice to Shareholders (May 2017)



2017/04/30: Manulife Hong Kong Series – Updated Product Key Facts (April 2017)




See more...






Z7_4P4E1I02IGQQ00IV2237CP10O5






Pop-up Disclaimer



Actions





${title}



Loading...










 














Important Notes:

Manulife Global Fund



			Manulife Global Fund is an umbrella fund comprising a number of sub-funds investing in equity and/or fixed income securities, each of which has a different investment objective and risk profile.



			Certain sub-funds invest in emerging economies or markets, where special risks, including liquidity, volatility, government policies, taxation, currency, currency repatriation, political and regulatory risks, may be substantially higher than the risks normally associated with more developed economies or markets.



			Certain sub-funds invest in securities of small and medium sized companies in the relevant markets. This can involve greater risk than is customarily associated with investments in larger and more established companies.



			Certain sub-funds concentrate their investments in a single country and/or a particular industry sector are subject to greater risks than diversified investments in several countries and/or regions and across sectors.



			The Inc share classes of the sub-funds do not guarantee distribution of dividends, the frequency of  distribution, and the amount/rate of dividends. Dividends may be paid out of income, realized capital gains and/or out of capital of certain sub-funds in respect of Inc share classes. Dividends paid out of capital of these sub-funds amounts to a return or withdrawal of part of the amount of an investor’s original investment or from any capital gains attributable to that original investment, and may result in an immediate decrease in the net asset value per share in respect of such classes of the sub-funds.



			Investment involves risk. The sub-funds may expose their investors to capital loss. Investors should not invest solely based on this material and should read the offering document for details including the risk factors, charges and features of the sub-funds and their share classes.



	 

Manulife Advanced Fund SPC


		Manulife Advanced Fund SPC is an umbrella fund comprising a number of sub-funds investing primarily in equity and bond securities, each of which has a different investment objective and risk profile.

		Certain sub-funds with significant exposure to Renminbi (“RMB”) bonds / equity / assets or emerging markets, may involve debt instrument, credit / counterparty, concentration, liquidity, volatility, currency, tax, economic, foreign exchange / multi-currency conversion, down-grading, regulatory and political risks and these risks could be substantially higher than the risks normally associated with the world’s more established markets.

		The sub-funds do not guarantee distribution of dividends, the frequency of distribution, and the amount/rate of dividends. A sub-fund may at its discretion pay dividend out of capital or gross income while charging / paying all or part of its fees and expenses out of its capital. This amounts to a return or withdrawal of part of an investor’s original investment or from any capital gains attributable to that original investment, and may result in an immediate reduction of the net asset value per share of the respective share classes after the distribution date.

		A bond sub-fund may hold a significant portion of assets in deposits if there are not sufficient RMB instruments for it to invest in. This may adversely affect its return and performance.

		Certain sub-funds using QFII quota to invest directly in debt instruments / shares are subject to various requirements and restrictions under the laws of Mainland China related to QFII investment and custodial risks.

		RMB is not freely convertible and is subject to exchange controls and restrictions.

		Investment involves risk. The sub-funds may expose to a high risk of capital loss. Investors should not invest solely based on this material and should read the offering document for details including the risk factors, charges and features of the sub-funds.


	 

Manulife Hong Kong Series


		Manulife Hong Kong Series (“the Series”) is an open-ended unit trust comprising a number of funds primarily investing in equities, debt securities, exchange-traded funds and/or collective investment schemes, each of which has a different investment objective and risk level.

		Certain funds may involve market, liquidity, credit, credit ratings, below investment grade and unrated securities, credit rating downgrading, interest rates, valuation, sovereign debt, unlisted debt securities, currency, foreign exchange, hedging, and distribution risks.

		Certain funds may involve market, liquidity, credit, credit ratings, below investment grade and unrated securities, credit rating downgrading, interest rates, valuation, sovereign debt, unlisted debt securities, currency, foreign exchange, hedging, and distribution risks.

		The funds do not guarantee distribution of dividends, the frequency of distribution, and the amount/rate of dividends. Dividends may be paid out of capital and/or out of gross income of certain funds in respect of Inc classes, while charging/paying all or part of certain funds’ fees and expenses to/out of capital of certain funds. This represents a return or a withdrawal of part of an investor's original investment amount or capital gain attributable to that amount. Distributions will result in an immediate decrease in the net asset value of the relevant units. Class AA (RMB) Inc Hedged Unit of certain funds is subject to higher distribution risks than other non-hedged unit classes.

		As RMB is not freely convertible, currency conversion is subject to exchange controls and restrictions. There can be no assurance that RMB will not be subject to devaluation. Insufficient amount of RMB for currency conversion or devaluation of RMB could adversely affect the value of investors’ investments in the RMB denominated class(es) of certain funds. The “Dim Sum” bond market is still a relatively small market which is more susceptible to volatility and illiquidity. Due to RMB concentration risk, the value of the funds may be more volatile than that of a fund having a more diverse portfolio of investments.

		Investment involves risk. The funds may expose its investors to capital loss. Investors should not make investment decisions based on this material alone but should read the offering document for details, including the risk factors, charges and features of the Fund and its unit classes.








							I have read and understood the above information
							














Z7_4P4E1I02IGPFC0IF73SGDM3G27






Footer



Actions





${title}



Loading...










 











Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Map
Contact Us
©1999 - 2015 Manulife (International) Limited (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)











 











Complementary Content




  MANEMUC Quote - Manulife Emerging Market High Yield Bond Fund of Funds - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Manulife Emerging Market High Yield Bond Fund of Funds   MANEMUC:TT          0.3246USD         As of 12:00 AM EDT 7/24/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   0.3083 - 0.3468    1 Yr Return   2.91%    YTD Return   5.91%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         52Wk Range   0.3083 - 0.3468    1 Yr Return   2.60%    YTD Return   5.91%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Emerging Markets Bond    Asset Class Focus   Fixed Income    Geographic Focus   Global    NAV (on 07/24/2017)   0.3246    Total Assets (b TWD) (on 06/30/2017)   3.037    Inception Date   01/26/2015    Last Dividend (on 06/01/2017)   0.0019    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   7.02%    Fund Managers   JAMES LEE    Front Load Fee   2.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   1.50%    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Manulife Emerging Market High Yield Bond Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in Taiwan. The Fund's objective is to maximize long-term total return while diversifying risk to maintain stable income. The Fund invests at least 60% of its assets in global fixed-income securities which are graded below BBB/Baa2.    Address  Manulife Asset Management Co Ltd9/F, No 89  Son Ren Road,TaipeiTaiwan   Phone  886-2-2757-5999   Website   www.manulife-asset.com.tw              

	Fixed Income

































































Singapore
                                
























            You are now leaving a Manulife Asset Management web site
            
                







You are now going to a website that is not controlled by Manulife Asset Management. We are providing links to this website only as a convenience and the inclusion of links to the linked site does not imply any endorsement, approval, investigation, verification or monitoring by us of any content or information contained within or accessible from the linked site. Manulife Asset Management does not control the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or appropriateness of the content or information on the linked site. If you choose to visit the linked site you will be subject to its terms of use and privacy policies, over which Manulife Asset Management has no control. In no event will Manulife Asset Management be responsible for any information or content within the linked site or your use of the linked site. By continuing to the linked site you agree to the foregoing.  



Cancel


Proceed









            You are now being taken to our global site.
            
                







                You are now entering the Manulife Asset Management global website. The information in this global website is intended for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to buy any investment product/service or to provide any investment advice or service in any jurisdiction. The global website is not intended to target any specific investor type from any specific jurisdiction and as a result the products and/or services mentioned on the global website may not be suitable or even authorized for sale in your jurisdiction for investment. You are therefore advised to seek independent financial and legal advice as to whether such products and/or services are suitable and appropriate for you in your jurisdiction to invest in. Please contact us if you would like further information or information on products and/or services available in regions not listed. 
            



Cancel


Continue









            Disclaimer (Singapore Institutional Investors)
            
        


SingaporeUnder the laws of Singapore, an institutional investor is: (i) a bank that is licensed under the Banking Act, Chapter 19 of Singapore; (ii) a merchant bank that is approved as a financial institution under section 28 of the Monetary Authority of Singapore Act, Chapter 186 of Singapore; (iii) a finance company that is licensed under the Finance Companies Act, Chapter 108 of Singapore; (iv) a company or co-operative society that is licensed under the Insurance Act, Chapter 142 of Singapore to carry on insurance business in Singapore ; (v) a company licensed under the Trust Companies Act 2005 (Act 11 of 2005) of Singapore; (vi) the Singapore government; (vii) a statutory body established under any Singapore act; (viii) a pension fund or collective investment scheme; (ix) the holder of a capital markets services licence for (a) dealing in securities, (b) fund management, (c) providing custodial services for securities, (d) real estate investment trust management, (e) securities financing, or (f) trading in futures contracts; or (x) a person (other than an individual) who carries on the business of dealing in bonds with accredited investors or expert investors, (xi) the trustee of such trust as the Monetary Authority of Singapore may prescribe, when acting in that capacity, or (xii) such other person as the Monetary Authority of Singapore may prescribe. Terms and Conditions of UsePlease read carefully these Terms and Conditions of Use (these "Terms") relating to access and use of this website. You are also directed to          read the Global Legal terms and conditions of use of this website (“Global Terms”). By clicking "accept" at the bottom of this page, you confirm that you agree to the Terms and Global Terms, and are an institutional investor domiciled in Singapore with sufficient sophistication and investment experience to independently assess the merits of an investment in any product described herein. By clicking “accept” below, you also confirm that you consent to the setting of cookies on this machine to remember site preferences and track user activity. If you do not agree to be bound by or comply with the Terms or the Global Terms, or do not consent to the use of cookies, please do not access or use this website. This website is operated by Manulife Asset Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. ("Manulife Singapore"), which is an entity regulated by Monetary Authority of Singapore. Manulife Singapore is a member of the Investment Management Association of Singapore (IMAS),[ and an approved fund management company under the Central Provident Fund Investment Scheme (CPFIS). ] Manulife Singapore reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add to, or remove portions of these Terms at any time. We suggest that you check these Terms periodically for changes. Any changes, modifications, or additions to, or deletions from these Terms shall be notified to you by, and effective upon, posting on this website. You agree that such notification of changes shall be sufficient notice for the purpose of this clause. If you use this website after we post changes to the Terms, you are deemed to have accepted the Terms as changed. If you do not agree to be bound by the changes, you shall immediately cease all access and/or use of this website. Manulife Singapore expressly reserves the right to monitor any use of this website. You agree:- (i) to comply with all the notices, guidelines, rules and instructions pertaining to the use of the website as issued by Manulife Singapore from time to time and/or made available at this website, including all specific terms and conditions governing use of specific aspects of the website set out in any additional terms and conditions; (ii) to abide by all applicable laws and regulations in your use of the website; (iii) not to impersonate any person or entity or to falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; (iv) not to upload or distribute in any way files that contain viruses, corrupted files or any other similar software, programs, macros or files that may impair or damage the operation of another's computer or handset; and (v) not to post, promote or transmit through the website any unlawful, harassing, libellous, harmful, vulgar, obscene or otherwise objectionable material of any kind or nature. The information provided on this website is intended solely for use by Singapore residents and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in the United States, or any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation, or which would subject Manulife Singapore (including its affiliates) (collectively hereafter "Manulife") or any of Manulife's products or services to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Nothing on this website shall be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell a security or service to any person. Manulife Singapore does not claim that any products or services referenced in this site are available in any particular jurisdiction or appropriate for any particular investor. If you choose to access this website from a location outside Singapore, you do so on your own initiative, and you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. By proceeding you are representing and warranting that you are either resident in Singapore or the applicable laws and regulations of your jurisdiction allow you to access the information on this website. Manulife Singapore may from time to time without giving any reason or prior notice, upgrade, modify, alter, suspend, discontinue the provision of or remove, whether in whole or in part, this website and shall not be liable if any such upgrade, modification, suspension or alteration to the website prevents you from accessing the website or any part or feature thereof. The information and/or any other material contained in the website may be modified, deleted or replaced from time to time and at any time in the absolute discretion of Manulife Singapore. Any changes, modifications, or additions to, or deletions from these Terms or Global Terms shall be effective upon posting on this website. If you access this website, including the country-specific sections, after changes are posted to the Terms or Global Terms, you further acknowledge the Terms or Global Terms as changed and agree to be bound by them.         Limitations of liability — Manulife makes no warranty or representation that the website can be accessed at all times. The website may, without notice, be temporarily unavailable or restricted for administrative or other reasons. You will indemnify Manulife and their officers, directors, employees and agents in respect of any third party claim for any injury, loss, damage or expense occasioned by or arising directly or indirectly from your use of this website or any information or content therein, and/or the use or supply of information to a third party provided in breach of any of your obligations under these Terms. Intellectual Property All copyrights, trademarks, logos, service marks, trade names, or other intellectual property displayed on, or used in conjunction with, this website are proprietary to Manulife, unless otherwise indicated. All intellectual property and proprietary rights in the content, including but not limited to text, software, code, scripts, webpages, music, sound, photographs, video, graphics, graphical user interface, forms, diagrams or other material contained in the website belong to Manulife or the applicable third party service provider unless otherwise indicated. Manulife reserves all rights with respect to intellectual property ownership of all material on this website, and will enforce such rights to the full extent permissible by law. The material accessible on or through this website is made available for personal browsing and printing purposes only. You may access material displayed on this website for your non-commercial use only provided that you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. Users of this website may not otherwise: 1. copy, reproduce, modify, sell, republish, post, transmit, or distribute in any way material from this website without the express, written permission of Manulife;         2. use, copy, modify, or display any Manulife name, logo, text, or graphic image without Manulife's express, written permission;         3. display any of the pages, text, images, or other content of this website using "framing" technology without Manulife's express written permission;         4. use or reproduce the pages, text, images, or other content from this website for any purpose other than browsing or printing for personal, non-commercial use only;         5. take any action to create an impression of affiliation, sponsorship, or endorsement between any user and/or website and Manulife; or         6. insert a hyperlink to this website (or any part thereof) on any other website or webpage or "mirror" any material contained on this website on any other server or establish and/or maintain, on any website or webpage, any in-links, frame-links and/or any other type of hyperlinks to this website or any part thereof. Hyperlinks We do not recommend or endorse and accept no responsibility for the content of any website not operated by Manulife Singapore which you may visit by following a link from this website. You acknowledge and agree that Manulife Singapore is not responsible for the availability of such third-party sites or resources, and do not endorse, approve, investigate or verify, and are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further agree that Manulife Singapore shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, products or services available on such external sites or resources. These links are provided as a convenience and solely for informational purposes. Manulife Singapore is not making any recommendation to invest in, purchase, or sell any securities or other products or services issued by the companies with the linked sites, nor has Manulife Singapore sought to verify or confirm the information contained in the linked sites. Accordingly, Manulife Singapore disclaims any responsibility for the linked sites. No other website, without the prior written permission of Manulife Singapore, is authorized to link to any part of this website. Investments The contents on this website are for information only and without consideration given to the specific investment objective, financial situation and particular needs of any particular person and Manulife does not make any representation that the securities, investment products or services referred to, discussed on, or accessible through, this website are suitable for any particular investor. You should consider whether the security, investment product or service in question is suitable for you and may wish to seek professional advice before making a commitment to invest in any such security, investment product or to engage such service. The contents on this website is not and should not be construed as being an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security or investment product that may be referred to, discussed on, or accessible through this website. Nor does this website constitute an offering or recommendation by Manulife of any security, investment product, investment management service, or advisory service. Manulife does not provide and should not be construed as providing investment advice, tax advice, or legal advice through this website, and you agree that this website will not be used by you for such purposes. You acknowledge that any requests that may be made by you for information on any security, investment product or service are unsolicited, and the provision of any information through this website shall not constitute or be considered investment advice, or an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security, investment product or service. Any forecasts or opinions set out on this website are Manulife's own as at the date of the relevant document and may change without notice and should not be regarded as a guarantee or indication of future or likely performance of the subject matter in question. Whilst Manulife believes that the information provided on this website is correct at the date of production, no warranty or representation is given to this effect and Manulife expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in such information. No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information and opinions provided on this website or the accuracy or completeness thereof and no responsibility can be accepted by Manulife to anyone for any action taken on the basis of such information or opinions. An offer of units in any fund or strategy referenced in this website may only be made in or accompanied by a prospectus, relevant offering document(s) and/or investment policy statement in respect of such offer. The information and materials set out in this website is not to be taken as a substitute for the prospectus, offering document(s) and/or investment policy statement of the relevant fund or strategy, as applicable, and you are advised to read the relevant documents (which are available and may be obtained from [Manulife or any of its authorised distributors]) before applying for units in any fund or strategy. The value of units in any fund or strategy and the income accruing to the units, if any, may fall or rise. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance. You should be aware that investment in any fund or strategy involves financial risk and you may not get back the principal amount invested. Depending on your currency of reference, factors including but not limited to currency fluctuations may adversely affect the value of your investments and the income accruing there from. Use of Email The security of electronic mail sent through the Internet is not guaranteed. Do not send sensitive or confidential information to us via electronic mail. Delivery, and timely delivery, of electronic mail is also not guaranteed. Manulife therefore recommends that you do not send time-sensitive or action-oriented messages to us via electronic mail. Manulife may not, and is not obliged to, process your requests, orders, or instructions until Manulife can confirm your instructions or obtain appropriate written documentation where it deems necessary.Manulife shall not be under any obligation whatsoever, express or implied, to reply to unsolicited correspondence, communications or email or to acknowledge receipt of the same. Privacy and Data Protection Your privacy is very important to Manulife. To the extent any information you provide or which we obtain from this website constitutes personal data, we have set procedures for the use of that information. You agree that all information and/or particulars sent or submitted by you through the website is non-confidential and non-proprietary unless otherwise expressly indicated by you. You acknowledge that Manulife, its directors, officers, employees, contractors and agents shall not be subject to any confidentiality obligations in respect of any such information and/or particulars and you agree that Manulife, its directors, officers, employees, contractors and agents may, and you hereby authorise each of them to, use and to disclose such information to any person (including without limitation any third party service provider) in connection with Manulife's internal business purposes. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, you consent to the processing by Manulife of the personal data submitted by you through the website and/or created in the course of the business relationship with Manulife, and to the transmission of such personal data to other companies within the Manulife (by the internet or otherwise) for purposes connected with marketing and customer administration. If you do not wish your information to be used in this way, you should advise Manulife in writing. If you have any questions on our data protection policies and practices, please write to us at our corporate address:The Data Protection OfficerLegal & Compliance DepartmentManulife Asset Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.51 Bras Basah Road#11-02 Manulife CentreSingapore 189554Disclaimers Manulife does not warrant this website for any particular purpose. It is provided "as is" and on an "as available" basis. Manulife disclaims, to the fullest extent of the law, any warranty of any kind, whether statutory, express or implied, as to any information, materials, content or matter provided at or through this website or otherwise relating to this website, including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights, or freedom from computer virus or other malicious destruction or corrupting code, agent, program or macros. Use of this website is at your own risk. Manulife and its directors, officers, or employees will not be liable or have any responsibility of any kind for any loss or damage that you incur arising from or in connection with: 1. any delay, termination, failure, defect, or interruption in the transmission of this website;         2. any inaccuracy, error, unavailability, or incompleteness in the transmission of this website;         3. any termination or interruption of your access to this website;         4. your reliance on or use of this website;         5. any e-mail requests, orders, or instructions you send, or the interception by third parties of any requests, orders, or instructions you send via e-mail;         6. any act or omission of Manulife in making this website available to you; or         7. any other cause relating to your access to or use of this website, whether or not the circumstances giving rise to such cause may have been within the control of Manulife or within the control of any other party providing software or services support for this website. Manulife does not warrant that this website, or the functions contained in this website, will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this website, or the servers that make it available, are free from viruses or other harmful components. You assume the entire cost of any necessary servicing, repairing, or correcting of your property or operations as a result of using this website. You accept at your own risk that the Internet or other online communications medium may not perform as intended as a result of human, mechanical, or other error, despite the efforts of Manulife, you, or any third party.         In no event will Manulife or its directors, officers, or employees be liable to you for any direct, indirect, special, consequential, or incidental damages related in any way to your use of this website, even if: (a) such damages are reasonably foreseeable; or (b) Manulife or any other party has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Records You acknowledge and agree that Manulife Singapore's records and any records of communications, transactions, instructions or operations relating to the operation of the website and any record of any communications, transactions, instructions or operations maintained by Manulife Singapore or by any relevant person authorised by Manulife Singapore relating to or connected with the website shall be binding on you for all purposes whatsoever and shall be conclusive evidence of such communications, transactions, instructions or operations. You agree that such records are admissible in evidence and that you shall not challenge or dispute the admissibility, reliability, accuracy or the authenticity of the contents of such records merely on the basis that such records were in electronic form or were produced by or are the output of a computer system, and hereby waive any of your rights (if any) to so object. Governing Law These Terms shall be subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of Singapore, and you hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore Courts.



I Decline


I Accept









            You are now leaving the Manulife Asset Management website
            
                







                You are being directed to another website operated by one of our Manulife or John Hancock partners.
            



Cancel


Proceed





















            Select your country
            









                            Institutional Investors
                        



                            Individual Investors
                        






Americas

Canada


Chile


United States





Separately Managed Accounts (Canada)



Europe

Germany


Italy


United Kingdom



Asia Pacific

Australia


China


Hong Kong


Indonesia


日本 (Japan)


Malaysia


New Zealand


Philippines


Singapore


Taiwan


Thailand


Vietnam



Other countries








North America

Canada


United States



Asia Pacific

中国 (China)


Hong Kong


Indonesia


日本 (Japan)


Malaysia


Philippines


Singapore


Taiwan


Thailand


Vietnam



















Home


Strategies


                Fixed Income
            




Fixed Income







                Share
















































Singapore

Singapore Bond Fund
The investment objective is to provide investors with stable medium to long term return with capital preservation, through investing in primarily investment-grade SGD denominated fixed income and money markets instruments issued by Singapore and non-Singapore entities.


Singapore Money Market Fund
The investment objective is to manage liquidity and preserve principal capital and provide a return comparable to that of SGD short-term deposits, by investing primarily in short-term money market instruments and debt securities, including government and statutoryboard securities and corporate bonds, commercial bills and deposits with financial institutions.



Asia

Asia Total Return
We believe that consistently attractive risk-adjusted returns can be generated in Asian bonds by using a multi-strategy approach. Returns are expected to come from three main sources: interest rate strategies, credit positioning and active currency management.


RMB Bond
We believe that consistently attractive risk-adjusted returns can be generated in RMB-denominated fixed income by using a multi-strategy approach with particular emphasis on bottom up fundamental credit research of Chinese issuers.



Global or International

International Fixed Income
We believe that strong, consistent returns with controlled volatility can be achieved by being sensitive to a country’s ability to attract capital and the interactions of macroeconomic and political trends. We also believe bond and currency decisions are separate, but interrelated, and we actively manage both within our disciplined process.



United States

US Core
We believe strong relative performance can be generated through active management of sector allocation, issue selection and yield curve positioning. Our disciplined investment process seeks to add value by following a relative value approach to sector allocation and issue selection; engaging in intensive fundamental credit research designed to find hidden value across the fixed income universe; and identifying points on the yield curve with the greatest return potential.  Read more


US Core Plus
We believe strong relative performance can be generated through active management of sector allocation, issue selection and yield curve positioning. Our disciplined investment process seeks to add value by following a relative value approach to sector allocation and issue selection; engaging in intensive fundamental credit research designed to find hidden value across the fixed income universe; and identifying points on the yield curve with the greatest return potential.  Read more


US High Yield
We believe competitive total returns can be generated by using a contrarian approach to identify out-of-favor, undervalued companies that have attractive long-term outlooks. We employ a research-driven process concentrated on security selection, investing in companies where we can clearly identify a catalyst for unlocking value. As part of the research process, we identify the most attractive part of the capital structure to invest in, from bank loans and senior notes down to subordinated notes, convertible notes and equity.



Canada

Canadian Corporate Plus
The Canadian Fixed Income team believes there are 'pockets of value' in the fixed income market. Thorough credit and curve analysis enables us to identify and exploit these pockets of value in the pursuit of superior long-term returns in the Canadian corporate and U.S. high yield bond markets.  Read more


Canadian Investment Grade Corporate
We believe that there are ‘pockets of value’ in the Canadian investment grade corporate bond market. Thorough credit and curve analysis enables us to identify and exploit these pockets of value in the pursuit of long-term returns, while minimizing downside risk. Within this conservative framework we apply our creativity to generate innovative investment ideas, and develop state of the art portfolio management techniques, allowing us to remain at the forefront of the investment industry.  Read more












                Equity
            





                Fixed Income
            





                Balanced
            






   Endre Pedersen named "Long-Only Fixed Income Fund Manager of the Year" for Asia Total Return bond
    
        



























Manulife Mutual Funds








          
          
          
          
         











Advisor Login

 
 
 
 




Contact Us
About Us
Français
















Mutual Funds
ETFs
Private Investment Pools
Asset Allocation Portfolios
Prices and Performance
Portfolio Management
Learning Centre
Regulatory





Equity Funds
Canadian Equity
Preferred Share
U.S. Equity
Global and International Equity
Specialty Equity


Balanced Funds
Canadian Balanced
U.S. Balanced
Global Balanced




Fixed Income Funds
Money Market and Short-Term Fixed-Income
Canadian Fixed Income
U.S. Fixed Income
Global and International Fixed Income




Featured Funds


Tax-efficient Solutions
Series T
Corporate Classes


Dollar-cost Averaging


Loan Programs



 For every stage of life, Manulife Mutual Funds offers a broad range of mutual funds to help match financial needs. 

We see global investing differently.
> Learn more 






Program Overview


Portfolio Management
Manulife Asset Management
Mawer


Marketing Material




MPIP Investment Pools
Balanced Private Pools
Equity Private Pools
Fixed Income Private Pools


Prices and Performance


Household account-linking/MFR and Corporate class




MPIP Segregated Pools
Balanced Private Pools
Equity Private Pools
Fixed Income Private Pools


Prices and Performance


Program Features






Mutual Funds
Prices and Performance
Distributions
Rates and Yields


ETFs
Prices and Performance




Manulife Private Investment Pools
MPIP Investment Pools
MPIP Segregated Pools




Structured Products
Overview
Closed-end Funds





Fund Focus Magazine
> Read it now 
(for advisor use only)






Manulife Asset ManagementThe Manulife Asset Management team includes more than 325 investment professionals managing a full spectrum of asset classes with a range of style perspectives.


Capital Markets and Strategy GroupThe Capital Markets and Strategy Group, under Manulife Investments, have a range of investment strategy responsibilities from market and economic analysis to investor education.




MawerHeadquartered in Calgary, Alberta, Mawer has been managing portfolios for individual and institutional investors for more than three decades.


Dimensional Fund AdvisorsDimensional Fund Advisors is a leading global investment firm that has been translating academic research into practical investment solutions since 1981. Guided by a strong belief in markets, Dimensional works to implement compelling ideas in finance for the benefit of clients.




BrookfieldBrookfield has over a 100-year history of owning and operating assets with a focus on property, renewable power, infrastructure and private equity.


Standard LifeStandard Life Investments Limited is a leading asset manager with an expanding global reach. 





Market Commentaries
Read our latest market insights from our investment professionals.
> Read Market Commentaries






RESPs
Saving for your child’s education
CESG
FAQs


RRSPs
Saving For Retirement
RRSP Strategies
Tax Refund Strategies


Tax Planning


TFSAs




Mutual Fund Investments
Benefits
Associated Costs
Protection for Investors
Dollar-Cost Averaging
How to Choose an Advisor


Tools & Calculators


Multimedia Centre





Timeless principles for investment success
Helping you ease your mind during volatile times.
> Learn more






Manulife Mutual Funds, ETFs, Structured Products, and MPIP Investment Pools
Financial Reports
Fund Facts
ETF Facts
Independent Review Committee
IRS Tax Information
Passive Foreign Investment Company (PFIC)
Prospectus/AIF
Trade Matching Statement
Notices and Proxy Voting Records




MPIP Segregated Pools
Information Folder and Contract
Fund Facts





CRM2
A framework to help strengthen relationships
> Learn more






 







     


I want to ...
view Fund Factslook up prices and performanceview proxy voting recordsprint Fund Focus


 



Risk Slider




 

Low

High


LowManulife Bond FundManulife Canadian Bond Plus FundManulife Corporate Bond FundManulife Diversified Strategies FundManulife Dollar-Cost Averaging FundLow to MediumManulife Asia Total Return Bond FundManulife Canadian Balanced FundManulife Canadian Equity Balanced ClassManulife Canadian Opportunities Balanced ClassManulife Canadian Opportunities Balanced FundMediumManulife Canadian Focused ClassManulife Canadian Focused FundManulife Canadian Investment ClassManulife Canadian Opportunities ClassManulife Canadian Opportunities FundManulife Canadian Stock ClassMedium to HighManulife Asia Equity ClassManulife China ClassManulife Global Small Cap FundManulife Growth Opportunities ClassManulife Growth Opportunities FundManulife World Investment ClassHighManulife Emerging Markets ClassManulife Emerging Markets Fund

More funds
Note: Funds are placed in general risk/return categories based on their past performance or, for newer funds, the performance of the types of securities in which they invest. There is no assurance past trends will continue.









			 
		 




News & Updates


Manulife Investments announces quarterly and monthly fund distributions June 21, 2017					 | Full Story  Markets React to Bank of Canada's Change of Tone   May 24, 2017					 | Full Story  Manulife Investments Announces Results of Special Meetings of Securityholders May 19, 2017					 | Full Story  Canadian energy to remain under pressure: Strategist   May 15, 2017					 | Full Story 
News Archives


 



strong reliable trustworthy forward-thinking

© 2017 Manulife Investments, All Rights Reserved

 Legal
        |
         Privacy Policy
        |
         Accessibility
        |
        
 Sitemap






X





View the content of this site on the NEW MANULIFE MUTUAL FUNDS app exclusively for your iPad.
Download Now
Remind me later



 














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Total Return Fund (PTTFX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Total Return Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size






Ticker Symbol:


			
				PTTFX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$10.11
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								3.47%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.85
							
							-
							
								$10.16
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$31.50

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Total Return Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Intermediate-Term Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to maximize total return through income and capital appreciation.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/25/2017)
								
							



						
						
							2.88%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.63%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.07%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
						2.68% 
						


				
					
						2.68%
						



Inception Date

						
							November 15, 2016
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.72%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.57%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							September 30, 2018
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                









































































American Funds



































































































All Funds | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American Funds                                















American Funds















 ALL FUNDS


INVESTMENT TRACKER

-- FUNDS
								


COMPARE FUNDS


DOWNLOAD DATA
























Returns


			|
		

Daily Prices & Yields


			|
		

Symbols & Fund Numbers

			
|			
Literature







FILTER BY


Objective


Growth
Growth & Income
Equity-Income
Balanced
Bond
Tax-Exempt Bond
Money Market Funds
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
College Target Date
Retirement Target Date





Or



Asset Type 
					


Equity
Balanced
Fixed Income Taxable
Fixed Income tax exempt
Money Market







Investment Tracker
--
 Funds


					Add American Funds to your Investment Tracker by checking boxes below and choosing the Add To Tracker link above or below the table.
				





 American Funds

		Important: Class B and 529-B shares were no longer available for purchase as of April 21, 2009. All B and 529-B shares finished converting to A and 529-A shares on April 10, 2017.
	
















Share Class 
							



A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6






Returns
								









Monthly








Quarterly










at MOP/with CDSC








at NAV














Show Indices







ADD TO TRACKER





 PRINT

















Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















Fund Name

		Prices & Returns


		Yields
		



Price 
				
	
Change  ($)
			
	
Change  (%)
			
	
YTD
		
	

7-Day
		 SEC Yield at NAV
		
	
30-day SEC Yield NAV


12-Month Dist. Rate at NAV
		




At NAV as of -- (updated daily)
As of -- (updated monthly)








Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















1- of  results
0 results



ADD TO TRACKER


















































































































































American Funds Strategic Bond Fund - ANBAX | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ American Funds Strategic Bond Fund                                                SM


















BOND FUNDS


American Funds Strategic Bond Fund SM
(ANBAX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Multisector Fund Majoring in Rates and Minoring in Credit.						  
A flexible core fund that will rely on high-conviction ideas, which may primarily involve active management of duration, yield curve and inflation expectations with a focus on risk management and monitoring. Can invest in extended bond sectors on an opportunistic basis.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$10.27					
as of 07/25/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$435.5
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

3					


Expense Ratio 
					

1.03%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



1.12%
1-year return

        


--
5-year return

        


3.42%
Lifetime return
				(03/18/2016)




2.36%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-2.66%
1-year return

        


--
5-year return

        


0.38%
Lifetime return
				(03/18/2016)




2.36%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds69.5%

Non-U.S. Bonds23.5%



Cash & Equivalents7.0%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	



Read important investment disclosures



Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.

 






Fund Statistics 
			




8.8 years
Average Life 


3.0 years
Average Duration 


2.3%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


0.8%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Limited Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund’s investment objective is to provide maximum total return consistent with preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

A multi-sector fund that acts like a bond fund. Its relatively small concentration in high-yield bonds is designed to result in a low correlation to equities.					



						Types of Investments
					

Government debt and agency bonds, corporate bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, emerging markets debt, non-U.S., municipals and high-yield.					





			            Maturity
			        

The bond maturities that the fund targets will vary depending on the current strategy being implemented.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest no more than 50% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality) at the time of purchase, including high-yield corporate bonds or those issued by developing country governments and companies. The fund may invest up to 10% of its assets in equity securities and certain securities with a combination of debt and equity characteristics. The fund may invest up to 50% of its assets in securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The fund may invest up to 40% of its assets in securities of emerging market issuers.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							03/18/2016

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$435.5

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							100+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							12,766

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							539%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							02631E 10 2

						Fund Number
						
					
							30112












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ANBAX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ANBAX





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ANBAX through 07/25/2017.
            

 ANBAX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

0.72%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

0.70%					

2.36%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



David A. Hoag

29
26
1



Damien J. McCann

17
17
1



Ritchie Tuazon

17
6
1



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (--)


						--
				


3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


						--
				


5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


						--
				


10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


--




Overall Morningstar Risk 


--





Category 

					Multisector Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
						-- 
						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated














Expense Within Category  Funds Rated














Preservation Within Category Funds Rated














Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated














Total Return Within Category Funds Rated
















Category
Multi-Sector Income Fds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST









Risk Measures

For the 3 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

                                -- 
                        


Sharpe Ratio 

                                -- 
                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

                                -- 
                        


Beta 

                                -- 
                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
--/--










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
36.6%


AAA/Aaa
0.6%


AA/Aa
6.1%


A
17.3%


BBB/Baa
21.4%


BB/Ba
6.0%


B
2.6%


CCC & Below
1.1%


Unrated
1.3%


Cash & equivalents
7.0%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
14.5%


5-9.9 Years
61.2%


10-19.9 Years
4.1%


20-29.9 Years
12.0%


30+ Years
1.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
45.3%


Financials
8.1%


Health Care
7.3%


Energy
6.9%


Consumer discretionary
4.3%


Utilities
3.9%


Information technology
3.6%


Industrials
3.5%


Consumer staples
3.2%


Materials
2.9%


Telecommunication services
1.2%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.4%









U.S. Treasury bonds & notes
36.6%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
9.7%







Municipal securities
1.1%







Other bonds & notes
0.3%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

36.7%



Japan

5.3%



India Government

2.6%



Broadcom

1.6%



Shire

1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
69.50%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
10.30%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
6.00%


Cash & equivalents
7.00%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

10.7%
			


Japanese yen
5.4%


Euros
1.7%


Other currencies
3.6%


U.S. Dollar
89.3%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
69.5%


Japan
5.7%


United Kingdom
3.3%


Canada
2.8%


India
2.6%


Australia
2.0%


Brazil
1.3%


Switzerland
1.1%


Kuwait
0.8%


Portugal
0.8%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/17/17
03/17/17
03/20/17
$0.02
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.12


06/16/17
06/16/17
06/19/17
$0.02
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.28






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.04


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.04




				 as of 7/25/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.57%


Other Expenses
0.16%


Service 12b-1
0.30%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio




Gross
Net


Fund
	

1.03%
1.01%


Lipper 		 Multi-Sector Income
 Funds Average
	



					1.06%
				








Resources






			Literature for ANBAX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
04/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16




Annual Report
(PDF) 
02/17




Q&A
(PDF) 
06/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (ANBAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Friday, March 18, 2016) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (2016), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (ANBAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Multi-Sector Income Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ANBAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.














































































































































The Bond Fund of America - ABNDX | American Funds


























HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out





















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!


















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online




























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER

































Investments


/ The Bond Fund of America                                                ®


















BOND FUNDS


The Bond Fund of America ®
								(ABNDX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Core Bond Portfolio With Broad Diversification.						  
Our most diversified bond fund invests in nearly every sector of the bond market, with a focus on securities rated A or above.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$12.93					
as of 07/25/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$34,575.9
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

7					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.61%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



0.24%
1-year return

        


2.27%
5-year return

        


3.12%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-3.51%
1-year return

        


1.49%
5-year return

        


2.73%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds81.3%

Non-U.S. Bonds13.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.4%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures


Fixed-Income



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 fixed income   
																				  funds
		

 ABNDX
 Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Fund Statistics 
			




7.1 years
Average Life 


5.2 years
Average Duration 


3.0%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


2.9%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objective is to provide as high a level of current income as is consistent with the preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Broadly diversified fixed-income fund with flexibility to respond to various bond market conditions.					



						Types of Investments
					

Primarily invests in corporate debt securities, U.S. and other government securities, mortgage-related securities and cash.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

May invest up to 25% of assets in fixed-income securities of corporations and government entities outside the United States.			         



			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund generally invests at least 80% of its assets in bonds, including corporate bonds, U.S. government securities and money market instruments. At least 60% of its assets will be invested in securities rated A3/A- or better at the time of purchase (or unrated but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality). It is the fund’s current practice not to invest more than 10% of its assets in debt securities rated Ba1 and BB+ or below.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							05/28/1974

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$34,575.9

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							710+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							1,223,218

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Monthly



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							--

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							363%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							097873 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							8












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ABNDX through 07/25/2017.
            

 ABNDX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

1.78%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

1.71%					

1.80%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Pramod Atluri

19
1
1



Andrew F. Barth

32
32
7



David J. Betanzos

17
15
1



David A. Hoag

29
26
8



Fergus N. MacDonald

25
14
2



Robert H. Neithart

30
30
8



John H. Smet

35
34
28



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (856)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(856 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(767 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(540 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Above Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Intermediate-Term Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated


(422)



(422)



(382)



(287)



Expense Within Category  Funds Rated


(128)



(128)



(124)



(102)



Preservation Within Category Funds Rated



							(5783)



(5783)



(4861)



(3179)



Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)



Total Return Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)





Category
Core Bond Funds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST


 As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

4.35                        


Sharpe Ratio 

0.61                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

56                        


Beta 

1.00                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
135/93










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
28.7%


AAA/Aaa
29.7%


AA/Aa
4.2%


A
12.6%


BBB/Baa
16.5%


BB/Ba
2.0%


B
0.5%


CCC & Below
0.1%


Unrated
0.3%


Cash & equivalents
5.4%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
44.5%


5-9.9 Years
40.3%


10-19.9 Years
1.5%


20-29.9 Years
8.1%


30+ Years
0.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
31.4%


Financials
7.6%


Health Care
5.1%


Energy
4.7%


Utilities
3.4%


Consumer discretionary
3.3%


Consumer staples
1.8%


Information technology
1.4%


Other corporate bonds & notes
1.3%


Industrials
1.1%


Telecommunication services
1%


Materials
0.7%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
28.7%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
21.9%


Agency
20.3%


Non-Agency
1.1%


Commercial
0.5%









Asset-backed obligations
9%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
2.4%







Municipal securities
1.2%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

28.6%



Fannie Mae

8.3%



Freddie Mac

7.9%



Ginnie Mae

4.0%



Chase Issuance Trust

1.6%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
81.30%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
2.40%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
3.70%


Cash & equivalents
5.40%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

2.8%
			


Japanese yen
2.3%


Mexican peso
0.1%


Euros
0.1%


Other currencies
0.3%


U.S. Dollar
97.2%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
81.3%


United Kingdom
1.8%


Germany
1.5%


Canada
1.1%


Japan
1.0%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS

CURRENT DAILY DIVIDENDS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




Daily
01/31/17
02/01/17
$0.0181691
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.76


Daily
02/28/17
03/01/17
$0.0174214
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.82


Daily
03/31/17
04/03/17
$0.0230002
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.80


Daily
04/28/17
05/01/17
$0.0202585
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.88


Daily
05/31/17
06/01/17
$0.0184525
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.95


Daily
06/30/17
07/03/17
$0.0191101
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.92






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.11641176


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.11641176




				 as of 7/25/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


0.00170955
07/24/2017


0.00063518
07/25/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date





Daily

01/31/2017
02/01/2017








 






 











						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


0.00170955
07/24/2017


0.00063518
07/25/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.19%


Other Expenses
0.18%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.61%


Lipper 		 Core Bond
 Funds Average
	


0.81%			








Resources






			Literature for ABNDX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Fund Highlights
(PDF) 
05/17











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Tuesday, May 28, 1974) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1974), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Core Bond Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ABNDX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.















































































Fixed Income Center




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 
























Navigating Global Bond Markets















Navigating Global Bond Markets

 / 























The Global Bond Markets Are Changing





The global bond market is undergoing a series of profound changes, challenging the traditional role of income and stability that bonds have played and creating new opportunities. We believe investors should understand these changes and adapt their portfolios to the new fixed-income landscape.











Interest Rates May Challenge Investors
 






Opportunities Exist Across the Globe, Across the Spectrum
 






Divergence in Global Growth
 






Lower Liquidity, May Mean Higher Volatility
 











Can Your Portfolio Keep Up?





We believe investors should consider dynamic and flexible fixed income investments that attempt to neutralize or even benefit from rising interest rates. Investors should also consider strategies that seek value across all sectors of the global fixed income market, allowing them to diversify geographically and take advantage of diverging growth patterns.  Overall investors may prefer highly liquid mutual funds for their long-term investments, not individual bonds, and money market funds for their short-term investments.









Explore Our Products





GS Strategic Income Fund

	       A Flexible Global Bond Portfolio Designed to Serve as a Core Income-Oriented Investment
	    

GSZIX 





GS Dynamic Municipal Income Fund

	       Helps Navigate a Changing Municipal Bond Market
	    

GSMTX 





GS Global Income Fund

	       A U.S. Dollar-Hedged Fund that Provides Access to Global High-Quality Bonds
	    

GSGLX 





GS High Quality Floating Rate Fund

	       A Money Market Fund Seeking a High Level of Current Income With Low Volatility of Principal
	    

GSARX 










The GSAM Global Fixed Income Team





In the past, fixed income managers only had to make three investment decisions: the direction of interest rates, the allocation to government and corporate bonds, and the selection of individual securities. Today, multiple factors may impact the global bond markets making a skilled manager essential.
The GSAM Global Fixed Income team has experience actively investing across the global spectrum. With more than 225 investment professionals located in major markets around the world, including New York, London and Tokyo, the team has the breadth and depth to cover every sector of the global fixed income market, employing industry-leading risk management capabilities with proprietary risk models comprising more than 800 unique risk factors. With more than $471 billion in assets under management, the team pursues strong, consistent performance across the fixed income market. 










Related Insights















 Markets Brace for Bear Case

 There are grounds for concern and potential drivers of volatility in 2016. However, we still see opportunities in select areas and relative value strategies. 


















												Where We See Value in High Yield Bonds
											


We believe select areas of the high-yield bond market can offer attractive compensation relative to today’s increased fundamental risk.










												Three Reasons to Consider Global Bonds Now
											


Having a purely domestic bond exposure may have served investors well in the past, but we believe a changing fixed-income landscape creates a new logic to consider international bonds.

















                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               




















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









FlexShares Core Select Bond Fund (BNDC) ETF















Contact Us


Press




Go























FlexShares






Stay Informed with Exclusive Advisor Access Register   Learn More








Flexshares ETFs


Videos


Resources


Education


Blog




Managed by Northern Trust












Home

 » FlexShares ETFs

 » FlexShares Core Select Bond Fund








BNDCFlexShares Core Select Bond Fund

Objective and Strategy
FlexShares Core Select Bond Fund (BNDC) seeks total return and preservation of capital.  
Different, by Design
1. Construct a fixed income portfolio, based on Northern Trust's forecast, implementing active top‐down decisions primarily using passively managed, rules based fixed income sector ETFs. 2. Actively manage portfolio adjusting to potential changes in interest rate levels, the shape of the yield curve and credit spread relationships while emphasizing liquidity and diversification.  





Choose Another Fund:
FlexShares Core Select Bond Fund (BNDC)FlexShares Credit-Scored US Corporate Bond Index Fund (SKOR)FlexShares Credit-Scored US Long Corporate Bond Index Fund (LKOR)FlexShares Currency Hedged Morningstar® DM ex-US Factor Tilt Index Fund (TLDH)FlexShares Currency Hedged Morningstar® EM Factor Tilt Index Fund (TLEH)FlexShares Disciplined Duration MBS Index Fund (MBSD)FlexShares Global Quality Real Estate Index Fund (GQRE)FlexShares iBoxx® 3-Year Target Duration TIPS Index Fund (TDTT)FlexShares iBoxx® 5-Year Target Duration TIPS Index Fund (TDTF)FlexShares International Quality Dividend Defensive Index Fund (IQDE)FlexShares International Quality Dividend Dynamic Index Fund (IQDY)FlexShares International Quality Dividend Index Fund (IQDF)FlexShares Morningstar® Developed Markets ex-US Factor Tilt Index Fund (TLTD)FlexShares Morningstar® Emerging Markets Factor Tilt Index Fund (TLTE)FlexShares Morningstar® Global Upstream Natural Resources Index Fund (GUNR)FlexShares Morningstar® U.S. Market Factor Tilt Index Fund (TILT)FlexShares Quality Dividend Defensive Index Fund (QDEF)FlexShares Quality Dividend Dynamic Index Fund (QDYN)FlexShares Quality Dividend Index Fund (QDF)FlexShares Ready Access Variable Income Fund (RAVI)FlexShares Real Assets Allocation Index Fund (ASET)FlexShares STOXX® Global Broad Infrastructure Index Fund (NFRA)FlexShares STOXX® Global ESG Impact Index Fund (ESGG)FlexShares STOXX® US ESG Impact Index Fund (ESG)FlexShares US Quality Large Cap Index Fund (QLC)
Go





Related Documents


Fact Sheet


Summary Prospectus


SAI


Historical Performance











Overview


Performance


Pricing


Holdings


Distributions











Export BNDC Overview Data








Fund Facts
as of 07/25/2017





Inception11/18/2016


CUSIP33939L670


Total Net Assets$ 2,506,010.85


Shares Outstanding100,001


# of Holdings*9


Gross Expense Ratio.55%


Net Expense Ratio**.35%


Primary ExchangeNYSE


MarginableN


Derivative UseY








*Cash positions and derivatives such as futures and currency forwards are not included in the number of holdings. **Northern Trust Investments, Inc. (“NTI” or “Investment Adviser”)has contractually agreed to reimburse the fees and expenses of the Trust’s independent trustees and their independent legal counsel until March 1, 2018. NTI has also contractually agreed to waive Management Fees or reimburse certain expenses in an amount equal to the sum of (a) any Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses, if any, incurred by the Fund that are attributable to the Fund’s investment in Acquired Funds managed by NTI or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by, or under common control with NTI (“Affiliated Funds”); and (b) 0.05% or such lesser amount in Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses incurred by the Fund that are attributable to the Fund’s investment in Acquired Funds that are not Affiliated Funds, until March 1, 2018.








Tickers





ETF TickerBNDC


NAVBNDC.NV	


IOPVBNDC.IV	


Shares OutstandingBNDC.SO	


Estimated CashBNDC.EU	


Total CashBNDC.TC









Fund Characteristics1
as of 07/25/2017





SEC Subsidized Yield2 (as of 06/30/2017)2.85%


SEC Unsubsidized Yield3 (as of 06/30/2017)2.76%


Distribution Yield42.52%


Weighted Avg Price53.63


Weighted Avg Yield to Worst2.84


Weighted Avg Yield to Maturity2.84%


Weighted Avg Effective Duration6.29


Weighted Avg Option Adjusted Spread67.38


View Standardized Performance







.



Performance information presented on this website is historical, and is not indicative of future results. Investment returns and principal may vary, and at the time of sale an investment may be worth more or worth less than its original value. For most recent month end performance please call 1-855-353-9383 (1-855-FlexETF). All performance figures assume reinvestment of dividend and capital gains at net asset value; actual returns may differ. Performance 1-year and less are cumulative; performance over 1-year are average annualized total returns. The fund inception date is generally several days prior to when the fund begins trading. NAV prices are used to calculate market price performance prior to 11/21/2016, when the fund first traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Market performance is determined using the bid/ask midpoint at 4:00pm Eastern time, when the NAV is typically calculated. They do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Index performance does not represent FlexShares fund performance. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. 






Definitions





1Glossary contains definitions of widely used investment terms found on this page.


2SEC Subsidized Yield
The 30-Day SEC Subsidized Yield is computed under an SEC standardized formula based on net income earned over the past 30 days. It is a "subsidized" yield, which means it includes contractual expense reimbursements and it would be lower without those reimbursements. It may also include an inflation adjustment that can cause the yield to vary substantially from one month to the next.


3SEC Unsubsidized Yield
The 30-Day SEC Unsubsidized Yield calculation is also computed under the same SEC standardized formula based on net income earned over the past 30 days, but excludes contractual expense reimbursements, resulting in a lower yield. It may also include an inflation adjustment that can cause the yield to vary substantially from one month to the next.


4Distribution YieldThis yield is calculated by taking the most recent distribution annualized and dividing by the fund NAV from the as of date. For Funds that distribute monthly, an NA will be displayed if the fund has not distributed within the last 35 days.











Export BNDC Performance Data








Month End Performance (%)
as of 06/30/2017




 1 MonthQTDYTDSince Inception11/18/2016




Market Price.081.712.351.77


NAV.081.752.431.77


Bloomberg Barclays Aggregate Bond index (LBUSTRUU)-.101.452.272.39










Quarter End Performance (%)
as of 06/30/2017




 1 MonthQTDYTDSince Inception11/18/2016




Market Price.081.712.351.77


NAV.081.752.431.77


Bloomberg Barclays Aggregate Bond index (LBUSTRUU)-.101.452.272.39





Performance information presented on this website is historical, and is not indicative of future results. Investment returns and principal may vary, and at the time of sale an investment may be worth more or worth less than its original value. For most recent month end performance please call 1-855-353-9383 (1-855-FlexETF). All performance figures assume reinvestment of dividend and capital gains at net asset value; actual returns may differ. Performance 1-year and less are cumulative; performance over 1-year are average annualized total returns. The fund inception date is generally several days prior to when the fund begins trading. NAV prices are used to calculate market price performance prior to 11/21/2016, when the fund first traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Market performance is determined using the bid/ask midpoint at 4:00pm Eastern time, when the NAV is typically calculated. They do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Index performance does not represent FlexShares fund performance. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.









Expense Ratios
as of 07/25/2017





Gross Expense Ratio.55%


Net Expense Ratio*.35%





*Northern Trust Investments, Inc. (“NTI” or “Investment Adviser”)has contractually agreed to reimburse the fees and expenses of the Trust’s independent trustees and their independent legal counsel until March 1, 2018. NTI has also contractually agreed to waive Management Fees or reimburse certain expenses in an amount equal to the sum of (a) any Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses, if any, incurred by the Fund that are attributable to the Fund’s investment in Acquired Funds managed by NTI or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by, or under common control with NTI (“Affiliated Funds”); and (b) 0.05% or such lesser amount in Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses incurred by the Fund that are attributable to the Fund’s investment in Acquired Funds that are not Affiliated Funds, until March 1, 2018.








Definitions


Net Asset Value (NAV)NAV is a fund’s price per share, which is calculated by dividing the total value of all the securities in the fund’s portfolio plus cash, interest and receivables less any liabilities by the number of fund shares outstanding.
Market PriceBecause ETFs trade like stocks, ETF shares trade at market value on the secondary market, which can be a dollar value above (trading at a premium) or below (trading at a discount) the fund’s NAV. 









Export BNDC Pricing Data








Market Price
as of 07/25/2017





Price$25.14


Price $ Change$                .00


Price % Change                .00%


Avg Bid/Ask Spread$.26


Bid/Ask Midpoint$25.17


Closing Bid Price$25.02


Closing Ask Price$25.32










NAV Price
as of 07/25/2017





Price$25.06


Price $ Change$-.04


Price % Change-.16%










Trading
as of 07/25/2017





52-Week High$25.17


52-Week Low$24.53


Premium/Discount$.11


Daily Trading Volume (Shares)                   0


Average Trading Volume (Shares)574


Shares Outstanding100,001











Export BNDC Holdings Data









Holdings

as of 07/25/2017






NameTickerCUSIPMarket ValueFund Weight %Country











FLEXSHARES CREDIT SCORED US CORPORSKOR33939L761943,435.6238.1371United States


FLEXSHARES DISCIPLINED DURATION MBMBSD33939L779749,169.4030.2841United States


FLEXSHARES CREDIT SCORED-LONGLKOR33939L753372,149.1615.0436United States


ISHARES 7-10 YEAR TREASURY BOND ETIEF464287440166,944.966.7485United States


ISHARES 3-7 YEAR TREASURY BOND ETFIEI464288661158,280.366.3983United States


ISHARES 20+ YEAR TREASURY BOND ETFTLT46428743233,116.761.3387United States


TREASURY BONDTBOND912810RX830,709.141.2414United States


TREASURY BILLTBILL912796LM919,995.64.8083United States


US ULTRA 10YR NOTE SEP 17UXYU7UXYU72019                .00    .0000United States













Export BNDC Distributions Data










DISTRIBUTION SCHEDULE





View by year:
20172016





Ex-DateRecord DatePayable DateIncomeShort-TermCapital GainsLong-TermCapital GainsReturn of CapitalTotal Distribution











12/27/201712/28/201701/03/2018


12/07/201712/08/201712/13/2017


11/07/201711/08/201711/13/2017


10/06/201710/09/201710/13/2017


09/08/201709/11/201709/14/2017


08/07/201708/09/201708/11/2017


07/10/201707/12/201707/14/20170.0535310000.053531


06/07/201706/09/201706/13/20170.0509470000.050947


05/05/201705/09/201705/11/20170.0534010000.053401


04/07/201704/11/201704/13/20170.0572690000.057269


03/07/201703/09/201703/13/20170.0433350000.043335


02/07/201702/09/201702/13/20170.0423550000.042355


12/28/201612/30/201601/04/20170.1592230000.159223

















Northern Trust


Northern Trust Financial Intermediary


Legal Disclaimers


Privacy Policy


Proxy Policy


Site Map


Glossary


Prospectus




Before investing, carefully consider the FlexShares investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other information is in the prospectus and a summary prospectus, copies of which may be obtained by visiting www.flexshares.com. Read the prospectus carefully before you invest. Foreside Fund Services, LLC, distributor.
Investment Products and Services are:



Not FDIC INSURED
May lose value
No bank guarantee



FlexShares Core Select Bond Fund (BNDC) is actively managed and does not seek to replicate a specified index. The Fund is subject to increased credit and default risk, where there is an inability or unwillingness by the issuer of a fixed income security to meet its financial obligations, debt extension risk, where an issuer may exercise its right to pay principal on an obligation later than expected, as well as interest rate/maturity risk, where the value of the Fund's fixed income assets will decline because of rising interest rates. The Fund is subject to increased underlying fund risk, where the Fund’s investment performance and its ability to achieve its investment objective may be directly related to the performance of the Underlying Funds in which it invests. The Fund may also be subject to increased concentration risk as it may invest more than 25% of its assets into the securities of a single developed market. Additionally, the Fund may invest without limitation in mortgage or asset-backed securities, which puts it at increased risk for interest rate/maturity risk, debt extension risk, and prepayment (or call) risk.
All data provided by: Northern Trust, J.P. Morgan, Thomson Reuters and Morningstar®.
An investment in FlexShares is subject to numerous risks, including possible loss of principal. Fund returns may not match the return of the respective indexes. The Funds are subject to the following principal risks: asset class; commodity; concentration; counterparty; currency; derivatives; dividend; emerging markets; equity securities; fluctuation of yield; foreign securities; geographic; income; industry concentration; inflation-protected securities; infrastructure-related companies; interest rate / maturity risk; issuer; large cap; management; market; market trading; mid cap stock; MLP; momentum; natural resources; new funds; non-diversification; passive investment; privatization; small cap stock; tracking error; value investing; and volatility risk. A full description of risks is in the prospectus.
All registered investment companies, including FlexShares, are obliged to distribute portfolio gains to shareholders at year-end regardless of performance. Trading FlexShares Funds will also generate tax consequences and transaction expenses. The information provided is not intended to be tax advice. Tax consequences of dividend distributions may vary by individual taxpayer.
The FlexShares Funds, registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission under the Investment Company Act of 1940 ("Funds") are distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC , not affiliated with Northern Trust.
© Northern Trust 2017
The STOXX® Global Infrastructure Index, STOXX® USA ESG Impact Index and STOXX® Global ESG Impact Index are the intellectual property (including registered trademarks) of STOXX® Limited, Zurich, Switzerland and/or its licensors ("Licensors"), which is used under license. The securities based on the Index are in no way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by STOXX® and its Licensors and neither of the Licensors shall have any liability with respect thereto.
The BofA Merrill Lynch® Constrained Duration US Mortgage Backed Securities Index is the intellectual property (including registered trademarks) of BofA Merrill Lynch® and/or its licensors ("Licensors"), which is used under license. The securities based on the Index are in no way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by BofA Merrill Lynch® and its Licensors and neither of the Licensors shall have any liability with respect thereto.
The iBoxx® 3-Year Target Duration TIPS Index and iBoxx® 5-Year Target Duration TIPS Index are the intellectual property (including registered trademarks) of Markit iBoxx® and/or its licensors ("Licensors"), which is used under license. The securities based on the Index are in no way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Markit iBoxx® and its Licensors and neither of the Licensors shall have any liability with respect thereto.
The Morningstar® Global Upstream Natural Resources Index, Morningstar® U.S. Market Factor Tilt Index, Morningstar® Developed Markets ex-US Factor Tilt Index, Morningstar® Emerging Markets Factor Tilt Index, Morningstar® Developed Markets ex-US Factor Tilt Hedged Index and Morningstar® Emerging Markets Factor Tilt Hedged Index are the intellectual property (including registered trademarks) of Morningstar® and/or its licensors ("Licensors"), which is used under license. The securities based on the Index are in no way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Morningstar® and its Licensors and neither of the Licensors shall have any liability with respect thereto.




















U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






352F5F6B (JCF*******802)




   






	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































